 Effect of a Continuous Glucose Monitoring on Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance first diagnosed during pregnancy [1]. It is associated with adverse pregnancy outcome for the mother, and the fetus with consequences regarding future health and development of the neonate. Maternal consequences include increased rate of operative and cesarean delivery, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and future risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) as well as other aspects of the metabolic syndrome, such as obesity, cardiovascular morbidities and recurrent GDM [2‐4]. Also, children born to mothers affected by gestational hypertension have been found to have higher body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure, glucose and insulin levels [5]; this risk extends into adulthood, with an 8‐fold increased risk of type 2 diabetes among young adults exposed to gestational diabetes during fetal life [6]. Of all types of diabetes, GDM accounts for approximately 90‐95% of all cases [4, 7]. It complicates up to 14% of all pregnancies. Its prevalence is increasing and parallels the rising incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus worldwide [3,4]. Risk factors for developing GDM in pregnancy include obesity, previously GDM, glycosuria, family history, ethnicity and hypertension [5,6].
 Effect of Strength-resistance Exercise in the Reduction of Gestational Diabetes in Pregnant Women With Overweight or Obesity;  The growing rate of obesity is a major public health problem in the West, where 28% of pregnant women are overweight and 11% are obese. Worldwide, 50% of pregnant women are obese or overweight. One of the problems directly related to obesity is gestational diabetes. In fact, its prevalence is increasing as the prevalence of obesity increases, as well as other complications of pregnancy. The prevalence of gestational diabetes in our environment is 6‐12%. Compared with pregnant women with BMI <25 kg/m2, pregnancies among women with obesity are at increased risk of several adverse outcomes, including early pregnancy loss, congenital anomalies, stillbirth, pregnancy‐associated hypertension, preterm birth and postterm, gestational diabetes mellitus, multiple gestation, cesarean delivery, and birth of a macrosome. The consequences of obesity in pregnant women can be decreased through physical activity. This hypothesis is due to several mechanisms: reduction of blood pressure, improvement of the lipid profile, reduction of oxidative stress and the proinflammatory state. In recent years, scientific societies have published new recommendations on physical exercise in pregnant women with clear guidelines. Even this, less than 15% of patients do the recommended exercise. Usually the recommended exercise is aerobic and in the group of obese and overweight patients this type of exercise requires more effort and time, with the consequent worse adherence. In non‐pregnant patients, exercise has been shown to be related to a decrease in cardiovascular risk and DM2. However, in pregnant patients, a meta‐review of systematic reviews has shown that although lifestyle interventions decrease weight gain, they do not have a clear benefit in terms of maternal‐fetal outcomes.
 Effects of Structured Exercise Regime in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;  GDM is a medical condition of high maternal glucose level which is diagnosed only when women are pregnant and overcome after pregnancy. It results in various maternal and neonatal complications like caeserean delivery in mothers and obesity in children. Women having GDM have greater risk of diabetes and cardiovascular problems later in life which is threatening for us. Obese women are at increased risk of developing GDM and it is also a risk factor for developing high blood pressure and protein in the urine after 20 weeks of pregnancy that condition is known as preeclampsia. Many studies have shown that physically active women are less prone to develop GDM as compare to those women who have sedentary life style which draws attention towards the role of antenatal exercises for prevention and management of GDM and has become the first line treatment in developed countries. In addition to obesity and sedentary life style other known risk factors are family history, age of mother and number of children but there is no definite single cause of GDM yet discovered. Exercises programs during pregnancy are not usually practiced in our population and routine domestic activities are considered as enough for fitness. We have a common myth that pregnant women should not do treadmill or stationary cycle or any other aerobic activity which is really wrong and resulting in problems like GDM. Women following moderate exercise programs during their pregnancy have reported reduction in daily insulin administration dosage in comparison with women not doing any prescribed exercise. As Gestational weight gain is a major risk factor for GDM, exercises have given evidence to facilitate weight reduction. Exercise programs prescribed by physical therapists during pregnancy for preventing and managing GDM are considered useful and recommended by researchers and practitioners around the world but in developing countries like Pakistan, women are not receiving this method of treatment due to lack of awareness in general public, lack of referral system from gynaecologists and obstetricians and unavailability of women health Physical therapists in hospital set ups. This study will provide data showing the effects of exercise in biomarkers level and give the option of treatment to obstetricians. This will fill the research gap in the area of rehabilitation in GDM. This will also highlight the importance of women health physical therapists in obstetric conditions as there is less awareness of this speciality in Pakistan. This will provide the data regarding which type, intensity and duration of exercise should be recommendable while treating GDM. This study will open new doors for researchers to do long term studies on different biomarkers with different exercise types.
 A Culturally-tailored Personalized Nutrition Intervention in South Asian Women at Risk of Gestational Diabetes;  The DESI‐GDM study is a randomized study to assess the impact of a culturally tailored, personalized nutrition intervention on glycemic response to an oral glucose load in high‐risk pregnancies of South Asian women. Eligible South Asian pregnant women will be randomized to intervention or control. South Asians (SA), people whose ancestors are from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, or Sri Lanka, are the largest non‐white ethnic group in Canada, and are at high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and early cardiovascular disease (CVD). SA women have at least double the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) of white European women, and risk factors for future T2DM in the offspring including higher birthweight, more adipose tissue, and reduced insulin sensitivity, are more common in SA infants of mothers with GDM than infants born to mothers without GDM. Building on our findings from the South Asian prospective birth cohort (START), which identified diet as a key modifiable risk factor for GDM, we have developed a dietary intervention. The women we spoke with expressed a desire to learn more about healthy eating to prevent diabetes during pregnancy and were keen to use mobile health technology. The objectives of this trial among pregnant women of South Asian descent are to: 1. Evaluate the effectiveness of a culturally‐tailored personalized nutrition intervention delivered by a trained health coach to improve blood sugar levels in South Asian women to a greater extant than usual dietary advice. 2. Evaluate the effectiveness of a culturally‐tailored personalized nutrition intervention delivered by a trained health coach to pregnant South Asian women in the reduction of the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus to a greater extent than usual dietary advice. The findings of this study will be important in guiding future evidence‐based recommendations and public health policies to manage gestational glycemia in pregnant women at risk of GDM.
 Autonomic Nervous System and Exercise In Gestational Diabetes;  Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the earliest signs for increased risk of developing CVD. In addition to this independent association, GDM increases CVD risk through type 2 diabetes. The physiological basis for his disease progression is not yet fully understood. Increasing evidence exists on interplay of insulin resistance and subclinical inflammation, and more recently on unbalance of the autonomic nervous system. There is unequivocal evidence that increased physical activity and regular exercise can prevent risk factors that give rise to cardiovascular complications. According to a recent meta‐analysis, exercise started before and continued throughout pregnancy may lead to marked GDM risk reduction. Unfortunately, exercise in most lifestyle studies is usually unstructured or unsupervised or does not meet current guidelines. There is also a significant gap in our understanding of how to target, deliver and prescribe the beneficial type of exercise to patients at risk in the community. Sixty women planning pregnancy with BMI equal or over 30 and/or history of GDM will be recruited and randomized to an individual exercise arm (n=20), a general exercise arm (n=20) and a control arm (n=20). General intervention group will receive general exercise and dietary counselling whereas a personal exercise and dietary programs will be planned for individualized exercise group. Those randomized to the control arm will receive no dietary and exercise information. All subjects will be followed by diabetes nurses every 3 months as follows: at the time of recruitment, after 3 months intervention period, int the 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimester of pregnancy and 6 weeks, 6 months and 1 year postpartum. The following measurements will be performed at every visit:blood pressure, weight, waist‐to‐hip ratio, glucose homeostasis (2‐h OGTT, Pf‐ insulin, Pf‐ glucose, insulin resistance (Homa‐IR), GHbA1c, lipids (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides), inflammatory markers (sCRP,S‐amyloid A, IL‐1 and 6, alpha 1‐glycoprotein, SHBG), adipokines (endothelin, adrenomedullin, adiponectin),dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 (DPP‐4), atrial natriuretic peptides (ANP, proBNP).For all study participants, 15 D and EDPS questionnaires are used for assessment of quality of life and mental health. Registered costs of the intervention will be calculated for cost‐effectiveness analysis. Both endurance and strength training will be included in the exercise program of the individual exercise study group. Heart rate will be monitored with heart rate belt and registered in internet‐based exercise diary which can be instantly followed by the exercise professionals. This information will be used for fine‐tuning of their exercise prescription during the intervention period. Diet and weight target will be planned individually by a dietician. Actualized diet will be registered in an internet‐based diary instantly followed by the study dietician who will guide the subjects personally by e‐mail and suggest further dietary changes if needed. All subjects will perform an exercise test in the beginning of the study and after 3 months intervention with a step incremental protocol on a cycle ergometer until volitional fatigue. Extensive and advanced technologies will be used to monitor exercise responses, including breath‐by‐breath ventilation and alveolar gas exchange; exercise ECG; impedance cardiography; automatic arterial blood pressure; analysis system for heart rate variability and blood pressure variability, baroreflex sensitivity, muscle electrical activity, arterial O2 saturation and local cerebral and muscle tissue oxygenation with near‐infrared spectroscopy. The autonomic nervous system measurements, including 24 hour ECG monitoring, heart rate variability assessment with controlled breathing rate, the orthostatic test and a 5 min handgrip test, will be performed during another visit to the laboratory. Total haemoglobin mass and blood volume will be determined by carbonmonoxy rebreathing method.
 Early Detection of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnancy;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an important contributor to both maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality in pregnancy. GDM has lifelong complications including an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for women, and their offspring are at higher risk of being obese and also having diabetes in childhood and adolescence. Approximately 1 in 8 pregnancies is impacted by gestational diabetes mellitus worldwide. First trimester GDM screening is varied due to conflicting national guidelines, and the best strategy is unknown. The goal of the proposed research is to develop an implementation protocol and test the feasibility and acceptability of a first trimester screening protocol for the early detection of GDM. The investigators will utilize a pilot randomized controlled trial to recruit 80 high‐risk pregnant women in the first trimester, of whom half will receive protocolized early GDM screening with serum biomarkers before 12 weeks and the remaining half will receive the current standard of care with screening between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation with possible early screening based on provider discretion.
 Gestational Diabetes - PrEvention of PostPartum Diabetes Study;  Survey of the field Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is increasing in the world today and is strongly correlated to adverse outcomes both for the baby and the mother. The prevalence differs considerably depending on screening recommendations and diagnostic criteria and is increased among women with obesity. Both the mother and the child face higher health challenges, including manifest T2DM, over the years to come due to GDM. In turn, type 2 diabetes increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, nephropathy, retinopathy and neuropathy. Based on the results of the HAPO study, the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups proposed new criteria for GDM in a consensus statement in 2012. Adopting a one‐step strategy would at least double the number of women with the diagnose GDM. Sweden has started to implement the new diagnostic criteria step‐wise in different counties. For diagnostic criteria, see Table 1. Table 1. Diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes Gestational fP‐ glucose* 1‐hour 2‐hour glucose(venous) According to EASD 1991 ≥7.0 mmol/L ≥9 mmol/L ‐ 10mmol/L (capillary) According to WHO Since 2013 ≥5.1 mmol/L ≥10.0 mmol/L ≥8.5 mmol/L 1. and 2‐hour glucose after ingestion of 75g glucose after an overnight fast. *fP‐glucose= fasting plasma glucose The metabolic demands of pregnancy can reveal a predisposition for T2DM, especially within 5 years postpartum. Women with GDM are eight times more likely to develop T2DM than women with normoglycemic pregnancies. Risk factors for development of manifest T2DM are common and well‐known; 1) Overweight 2) Ethnicity 3) Low level of physical activity. 4) Heredity for T2DM. Women with first degree relatives with T2DM have an increased risk to develop T2DM. Considering all the risk factors it is possible to influence both weight and physical activity and even if women with GDM are called for a follow up the first year after delivery, they are often left on their own thereafter to implement lifestyle changes and pursue a healthy life‐style. This, while the child/children require care and often are the focus of the family. The planned intervention is based on already existing routine care added by information to the nurse at the Child Health Care Centre and a supportive website, specially developed for women at risk to develop T2DM. Background to the exploratory aims Women with GDM have demonstrated aberrations in lipolytic markers in addition to disturbances in glucose metabolism, eg increased fasting blood free fatty acids (FFA) compared with healthy controls as well as an impaired anti‐lipolytic effect of insulin. Abundance of FFA have also been implicated in the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and are also an independent forerunner of T2DM in at‐risk populations. An infusion of FFA has been shown to reduce insulin‐stimulated uptake of glucose in skeletal muscle. However, the effect FFA on insulin secretion is not resolved, with both increase as well as decreased insulin release being reported. Because GDM subjects are at high risk of transition to T2DM, they constitute an attractive prediabetes group for studies of associations between FFA abnormalities and markers of insulin secretion and insulin resistance. Although, there are several reports on the role of FFA for insulin secretion in GDM no study with enough power has evaluated the relationship in well‐matched groups of GDM women and healthy controls in carefully phenotyped subjects. In this study, the intension is to follow fasting FFA, fasting C‐peptide, fasting insulin and repeated measurements of these variables for 2 hrs after an OGTT in GDM women out of pregnancy and compare effect of lifestyle intervention with that of care as usual during 5 years. Thus, metabolically healthy women without previous GDM who are out of pregnancy will be enrolled as a reference population. In particular, it is of great interest to test the hypothesis that fasting FFA could be a driver of insulin secretion in normal fasting glycaemia and whether weight reduction may suppress fasting insulin (evaluated in part by HOMA‐IR) and FFA in parallel. This sheds light on fundamental metabolic questions in the pathogenesis of GDM and T2D. Digital support and coaching Mobile technology has been used to treat a variety of clinical conditions, for lifestyle interventions regarding physical activity and diet as well as quitting smoking. For diabetes prevention there are a number of studies with varying methodology (mainly messages on the mobile phone) and most of them have a relatively short follow‐up time and have focused on changing weight or HbA1c. In a review article from 2017, the interventions are often assessed as cost‐effective. Three success factors are mentioned; automatic transmission of the patient's measurement data rather than manual entry by the patient, tailor‐made personal messages or the addition of direct face‐to‐face contact, and the intervention being in a context where participants can interact with each other. MyMOWO ‐ The application and website used in this lifestyle intervention is MyMOWO (www.mymowo.com) which is an established company that offers physical training and activity with over 250 different training sessions of various intensity and scope through digital management and support. The service can be accessed using modern technology, such as mobile phone, tablet or computer, via webpage, application or social media. A licenced physiotherapist at the public health unit in Region Jämtland Härjedalen has together with MyMOWO developed special training programs for pregnancies and obesity. These groups also make it possible for MyMOWO's personal trainers to stay in contact with the participants. All participants in the intervention group will receive access to MyMOWO for free with automated support. In this digital platform links will be given to information films regarding nutrition, the benefit of lifestyle and physical activity, stress, sleeping habits and tobacco. This from www.sundkurs.se. These are films by Prof. Mai‐Lis Hellénius produced by the Karolinska Institute and the patient organization Hjärt‐Lungfonden and they are used with permission in this project. The planned intervention is based on already existing routine care added by an interactive digital service specially developed for women at risk to develop T2DM, information to the nurse at the Child Health Care Centre. Characterization of the phenotype in the PEPP Diabetes study Medical history, socio‐economic and lifestyle factors: Standard questionnaires will be used to gain information on previous hospitalisations, on smoking and alcohol habits and on physical activity, leisure time as well as at work. A well validated questionnaire will be used to report diet (MiniMeal‐Q). Physiologic measures: The nurses will measure standard resting blood pressure two times 1 minute apart after five minutes rest with the subjects in a sitting position. (Right brachial artery, arm in heart level, cuff size adjusted for arm circumference, and reading the pressure at the closest 2 mmHg). Body mass index (BMI) and waist hip circumferences are measured using standard methods. All participants will be examined with a bioimpedance measurement at base‐line, after one year and at follow‐up. All participants will also have their oxygen uptake capacity (VO2max) measured with a bicycle test (Ekblom‐Bak) and their physical activity measured with an accelerometer, and a pulswave‐measurement will be performed at baseline, after one year and at end‐of‐study. Clinical chemistry: Venous blood samples will be collected after an overnight fast. HbA1c, glucose, insulin and cholesterol (HDL, LDL, total cholesterol and triglycerides) will be analysed without delay. Aliqouts of blood, plasma and serum will be frozen immediately at ‐82 degrees C. A standard oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is done in all participants. Insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity is estimated using the HOMA indexes [37], and for insulin secretion also the increment during the first 30, 60 and 90 minutes of the OGTT. Further sera, plasma, and whole blood (for DNA) are stored in a biobank at Gothenburg University. First‐voided urine on waking in the morning is collected to determine the albumin‐creatinine ratio. Samples will be collected at baseline, after one year and at end‐of study. Statistical analyses: Both women diagnosed with gestational diabetes according to the "old" (before 2013) and "new" criteria will be included and will be analysed both jointly and as separate subgroups (see table 1). Power calculation is based on data using the old criteria. Inclusion will continue until the number of women with gestational diabetes based on the old criteria is included according to the power calculation. Power calculation: Around 30% of the participants are expected to convert to T2DM after 5 years without intervention. The effect of the intervention is expected to be around 35% with less individuals progressing to T2DM. According to the power calculation a total of 150 participants will be needed in each group for interindividual comparisons between the intervention and "care as usual" group. Recruitment is planned for three years. Participants will be randomized to either intervention or care as usual in equal numbers (150 in each group). The participants will be stratified according to age, BMI and ethnicity. Data from a number of 150 healthy women with normal with normal glucose tolerance will also be collected. Individuals progressing to the primary endpoint will be compared with logistic regression and adjusted for baseline data concerning glucose variables, age, BMI, ethnicity, time in study and socioeconomic factors. Differences between changes in BMI, waist‐circumference, insulin resistance and HbA1c will be calculated with general linear models (GLM) and adjusted for the same variables, Differences in quality of life will evaluated using Mann‐Whitney test. Women who get pregnant during the study time will be examined as soon as the new pregnancy comes to the knowledge of the coordinator and be excluded from the final analyses but will asked to remain in the study. Data from the women with normal glucose will be collected and matched with data from the women with GDM. Initially the aim is to conduct a pilot study over one year to test the protocol. Study time line As participation in the follow‐up after delivery at the health care unit is often low we plan to base the intervention on the regular and well‐attended meetings at the Child Health Care Centre. The intervention will be based on information from the Maternity Clinic to Child Health Care Centre. The maternity center and two months after delivery. The women will get information orally and in writing about the study. A metabolically healthy women will be matched and given information about the study. 4 months post‐partum If the woman agrees to be contacted she will be referred to the study center and examined with a physical examination and blood samples. Examination (by the study nurse): Anthropometric measurements: Bloodpressure, body weight and height, hip and waist circumference. Bioimpedance and pulse‐wave measurements. Questionnaires: Diet, Life‐style, socioeconomic data. Fitness: The Ekblom‐Bak submaximal bicycle test. A accelerometer will be applied during ten days. Blood sampling: Blood samples for plasma glucose, HbA1c, cholesterol (high densitiy lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein and triglycerides) an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) will be analysed at once. Samples of whole blood, serum and plasma will be kept and preserved in the biobank. If informed consent is signed the women will be randomized to intervention or care as usual. Matched controls from a group of women with a metabolically normal pregnancy will be examined in parallel. Intervention: At all visits at the child health care centre women in the intervention group will be reminded concerning physical activity and diet and blood‐samples will be taken for fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, weight and waist‐circumference and the nurse at the child care clinic will give feed‐back concerning the tests. The participant will be supported concerning physical activity and diet at every visit at the clinic on‐wards. The participants in the intervention group will also be informed and given support through a health coach service in V:a Götaland aimed to support lifestyle changes, and by an application, MyMOWO to support lifestyle changes, increase their knowledge of lifestyle‐related issues, improve physical activity and dietary habits. The "Hälso‐coach" service may be available in other parts of the country, using other names and will be used if available. At all visits at the child health care centre the participants in the intervention group will have their blood glucose, HbA1c, weight and waist‐circumference measured. The nurse will give support concerning physical activity and diet and give feed‐back concerning the test results. The participant will be reminded of physical activity and diet at every visit at the clinic on‐wards (at most once a month). If the women is diagnosed with either IFG, IGT or have an HbA1c ≥42 mmol/mol the nurse responsible for diabetes care at the health care center will be contacted for action in accordance with standard of care. The women will keep the regular controls at the Child care clinic. Care as usual: This group of GDM women will be provided care according to health care routine and referred to the health care centre. This extensive examination will be repeated 18 months and four years after delivery. Dataprotection Data will be secured in a protected database on a special server in the Vastra Gotaland. All data will be anonymized and coded. Only the responsible researchers will have the code. Data collection will be monitored by an independent monitoring service from the Gothia Forum.
 Healthy Eating and Active Living for Diabetes - Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;  Study Objective: To examine the effectiveness of a group‐based lifestyle modification program followed by peer‐led telephone counselling for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease risk reduction. The lifestyle modification program will support daily ambulatory activity and low glycemic index food intake among women with previous GDM. Methods: To achieve the study objective, the HEALD‐GDM lifestyle modification program already proven effective for adults with T2D among women with previous GDM within 12 months postpartum will be evaluated. Women will take part in either the HEALD‐GDM program (intervention) or in usual care (control). To evaluate the effectiveness of HEALD‐GDM, a randomized, two‐arm, before and after study design is proposed. Potentially eligible participants will be recruited from Diabetes in Pregnancy Clinics in Calgary and Edmonton, Alberta. Following identification of eligible participants, the investigators will randomize 100 participants to either the HEALD‐GDM program or to usual care control (i.e., 50 per group). A Canadian Society of Exercise Physiology certified instructor (Exercise Specialist) trained in HEALD‐GDM delivery will lead the program. Group‐based classes will be held at community recreational centres in Calgary and Edmonton (one site each) in months one and four of the 24‐week HEALD‐GDM program. Theory‐guided peer‐led telephone counselling will supplement the program. HEALD‐GDM focuses broadly on T2D prevention through lifestyle modification and will be based on a proven effective pedometer‐based active living behaviour. The primary outcome will be change in objectively measured moderate and vigorous physical activity at assessment appointments (baseline and 24 weeks). Secondary outcomes include: 1) body mass, 2) glycemic control (hemoglobin A1c), 3) musculoskeletal and cardiorespiratory fitness, 4) dietary intake, 5) metabolic biomarkers, 6) health‐related quality of life (HRQL), social‐cognitive mediators and 7) mental health. Significance: Evidence for appropriate lifestyle modification programs for this high‐risk population is lacking. This study will serve to inform best practices for diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk reduction through known modifiable risk reduction targets such as healthy eating and active living.
 Randomized Controlled Trial Intervention With New Nordic DIet in Women With GestatiOnal Diabetes Mellitus: iNDIGO;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with severe adverse outcomes for mother and newborn. Recently introduced Swedish guidelines on GDM diagnosis will at least double the prevalence of diagnosed women. The first line of treatment in GDM is diet and exercise treatment. Even so, there is a recognized knowledge gap as to what diet treatment is optimal. In routine care today, diagnosed women are provided by midwife with the same diet advice as patients with diabetes type 2 and these are broad and general. Only rarely are the diet advice provided by a dietician. In nutrition research, most evidence for health benefits of a diet has been demonstrated for the Mediterranean diet. Further, the New Nordic Diet (NND) was recently developed to mimic the Mediterranean diet yet builds on foods grown in the Nordic climate, thus focusing on gastronomical potential and sustainability. Interestingly, a diet intake in line with NND among Norwegian mothers was associated with lower risk for excessive pregnancy weight gain. In addition, associations have been shown between NND and lower risk for cardiovascular disease, obesity, inflammatory risk markers, serum lipids, colorectal cancer and total mortality. Hence, it seems likely that diet treatment with NND to women with GDM would be superior to routine care, but this has never been investigated. The main aim of the randomized controlled trial Intervention with new Nordic DIet in women with GestatiOnal diabetes mellitus (iNDIGO) is to test if the NND compared with usual care will improve glucose control in women with GDM. The iNDIGO study is a randomized parallel, single‐blinded, controlled trial. In total, 50 women diagnosed with GDM are recruited and randomized to receive either a NND (intervention) or usual care (control) for 14 days. Participants receive a two‐week menu and provided with food bags containing ingredients for dishes and foods to be used. Primary outcome is glycemic control (specifically time in target) measured using continuous glucose monitoring. Compliance to the dietary intervention will be tested using known dietary biomarkers and adherence questionnaires. Maternal socio‐demographic and clinical data, biological samples, dietary intake and physical activity will be collected at enrollment and at the end of intervention (30‐32 weeks' gestation).
 Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) in Pregnant Women;  Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that affects pregnant women and often develops in the middle and later stages of pregnancy. GDM can lead to adverse maternal outcomes such as preeclampsia, and postpartum hemorrhage, and undesirable infant outcomes such as macrosomia and neonatal hypoglycemia. GDM also increases the risk of long‐term consequences such as the development of type 2 diabetes in mothers, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases. Gut microbiota has been shown to play a significant role in the etiology of metabolic illnesses, and recent studies have demonstrated that the gut microbiota of GDM women is altered compared to those of healthy women. This trial aims to identify biomarkers during the first trimester (week 8‐week 12) that can predict the likelihood of developing GDM while also examining potential links between GDM and gut microbiota. To achieve these objectives, the investigators have designed a trial that involves the collection of fecal samples from pregnant women for microbiome analysis at different stages of pregnancy. Although GDM is diagnosed at or after 24 weeks, the investigators will collect samples at the first, second, and third trimesters to determine if any alterations in the microbiome occur prior to symptom onset.
 A Mobile Health-enabled Lifestyle Intervention Among Women With History of Gestational Diabetes(GDM);  A 2‐week observational period, followed by a 8‐week parallel 2‐arm, single‐centre, randomized controlled trial (RCT) study involving 60‐80 multi‐ethnic healthy women (Chinese, Malay, Indian, others) subjects aged between 21 and 45 years who had a previous diagnosis of Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Type 2 diabetes is the most common type of diabetes and if left untreated or is ill‐managed, can lead to detrimental long‐term health problems such as heart disease, kidney disease and stroke. Type 2 diabetes is often related to lifestyle and develops over time; with proper interventions, it could be avoided in some cases. GDM stands for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and can occur in some pregnant women, usually from week 24 of pregnancy. Women with a history of GDM have also been connected to a lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In Singapore, it is estimated that 4 in 10 women with GDM could develop pre‐diabetes or diabetes within five years of their pregnancy. Therefore, postpartum follow‐up is essential in early detection of, preventing or delaying the development of Type 2 diabetes in this group. The study hypothesize that there is an association between glycaemic profile and daily lifestyle (i.e. eating behavior, physical activity sleep and stress) among women with a history of GDM. The study also hypothesize that it is feasible to adopt a holistic approach and introduce a personalized mHealth intervention to promote metabolic and mental health among women with a history of GDM. The study is a parallel 2‐arm, single‐centre randomized controlled trial based on 1:1 allocation ratio. The study arms are; Group 1 (Intervention group) and Group 2 (Control group). The study will begin with baseline data collection (anthropometric measures, body composition, biochemistry tests, questionnaires) and 14‐day observation of interstitial glucose and lifestyle (diet, physical activity, sleep and stress). Every subject, irrespective of their group allocation, will use Oura ring and Oura App throughout the study duration. Every subject randomized to Group 1( Intervention group) will additionally receive HealthifySG App which provides personalized lifestyle interventions that last for 4 weeks. Lifestyle recommendations (targeting diet, physical activity, sleep and stress) will be delivered by study team member through the HealthifySG App on a weekly basis. On the contrary, subjects randomized to Group 2 (Control group) will not receive the HealthifySGApp and lifestyle interventions during this period. Subsequently, both groups will be followed‐up for 4 weeks. The overall aim of the REVERSE DIABETES programme is three pronged: (1) to be more proactive in screening to identify women with a history of GDM in polyclinics and the community, (2) to explore the potential of mobile health (mHealth) strategies to engage these women and deliver holistic and personalized interventions for promoting metabolic health and mental wellbeing, and (3) to engage primary care physicians to use mHealth if proven acceptable and useful in the long term follow up of these GDM women in the polyclinics and communities. We hope to optimize the preventive measures within the community in the long term. Based on the above considerations, conducting a pilot randomized controlled trial would allow the study team to: (1) better understand the women's lifestyle behaviours and preferences, (2) validate the devices used for measuring lifestyle behaviours, (3) examine the feasibility of the proposed mHealth intervention and personalized lifestyle recommendation, (4) evaluate the initial effects and cost‐effectiveness of the intervention, and (5) identify other benefits and potential risk of the proposed idea.
 A Pragmatic Randomized Controlled Trial of Health Impact of Pistachios on Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the hyperglycemia with first onset or recognition during pregnancy, of which prevalence has been sharply increased worldwide in the past decades. Nuts offer numerous health benefits, mainly in relation to cardiovascular diseases as well as other chronic conditions. Pistachios have a balanced nutrition profile with lower fat [polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs)], higher protein, fiber (both soluble and insoluble), potassium, phytosterols, γ‐tocopherol, vitamin K, xanthophyll carotenoids and rich antioxidant phytochemical constituents (stigmasterol, campesterol, resveratrol, catechins, lutein and zeaxanthin). Recent researches have found that nutritional intervention of the Mediterranean diet with an enhanced consumption of extra virgin olive oil and pistachios lowered incidence of GDM and other adverse outcomes (urinary tract infections, emergency C‐sections, perineal trauma, large‐for‐gestational‐age and small‐for gestational age newborns) for pregnant women. Another clinical trial compared the acute metabolic effect of pistachios and isocaloric whole‐wheat bread in women with GDM, finding significantly improved glucose and insulin responses, higher GLP‐1 and lower gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) levels in those consuming pistachios. However, more compelling evidences are still in need to throw light on the long‐term effects of pistachio consumption on maternal and offspring's outcomes for GDM patients. Besides, effects of pistachios on the thorough metabolic profile of GDM patients also need to be elucidated. This study aims to further demonstrate the long‐term health effects of pistachio consumption on glycemic control, lipid profile, gut hormone responses, inflammatory condition and pregnancy outcomes for women with GDM. The clinical study is a randomized, controlled, two‐arm, parallel trial from the diagnosis of gestational diabetes to delivery consisting of six study visits including screening/consent. A total of 80 singleton pregnant women with confirmed diagnosis of GDM will be consecutively recruited, all with the pregestational body mass index (BMI) greater than 24 kg/m2. All subjects will be randomly assigned to intervention group (IG) or stand care control group (CG)), in an allocation ratio of (1:1) in blocks. According to the Chinese nutritional guidelines for GDM women, the energy intake of 1500‐1800 kcal/d will be recommended for the included women with pregestational BMI≥24 kg/m2. Standard care and a balanced diet will be recommended to the women in CG incorporating the total nuts intake of less than 2.5 oz per week). While the women in the IG will be offered the otherwise same diet as their counterparts in the CG, except for the extra intake of pistachios of 1.5 oz thrice per week. All participants will be followed up in 2 weeks initially and then once every 4‐6 weeks until delivery or termination of pregnancy. The effect of different interventions on the glycemic profile (the continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) plus self‐monitoring), lipid profile, gut hormone responses, inflammatory factors and metabolomics profiling (multi‐omics data) will be monitored and compared. The pregnant outcome of the two groups will be also followed up and compared eventually. With all data reviewed and analyzed, this study will add evidence to the long‐term health effect of pistachios on GDM women.
 Metformin for the Treatment of Microvascular Dysfunction After Gestational Diabetes;  Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a 2‐fold greater riskfor the development of overt cardiovascular disease (CVD) following the effectedpregnancy. While subsequent development of type II diabetes elevates this risk, prior GDMis an independent risk factor for CVD morbidity, particularly within the first decadepostpartum. GDM is associated with impaired endothelial function during pregnancy anddecrements in macro‐ and microvascular function persist postpartum, despite the remissionof insulin resistance following delivery. Collectively, while the association between GDMand elevated lifetime CVD risk is clear, and available evidence demonstrates a linkbetween GDM and vascular dysfunction in the decade following pregnancy, the mechanismsmediating this persistent dysfunction remain unexamined.The purpose of this investigation is to examine the mechanisms mediating vasculardysfunction in women who have had gestational diabetes and how metformin may be avaluable treatment tool to improve microvascular function in these women before the onsetof disease. This study will give rise to a new line of research that will center aroundthe goal of improving lifetime cardiovascular outcomes in women with a history of GDM.In this study, the investigators use the blood vessels in the skin as a representativevascular bed for examining mechanisms of microvascular dysfunction in humans. Using aminimally invasive technique (intradermal microdialysis for the local delivery ofpharmaceutical agents) they examine the blood vessels in a dime‐sized area of the skin inwomen who have had GDM. Local heating of the skin at the microdialysis sites is used toexplore differences in mechanisms governing microvascular control. As a compliment tothese measurements, the investigators also draw blood from the subjects and isolate theinflammatory cells.
 Choline Supplementation on Fetal Growth in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;  STUDY OBJECTIVES Specific Aim 1: Determine the effect of MCS during pregnancy on birth weight in GDM. Specific Aim 2: Determine the influence of MCS on macronutrient transport and epigenetic modifications in the placenta and cord blood. HYPOTHESIS Aim 1: The investigators hypothesize that the choline group would have lower birth weight and fewer LGA neonates than the non‐ choline group. Aim 2: The investigators hypothesize that the choline group would reduce placental transport and increase DNA methylation of metabolic genes. STUDY DESIGN Subjects: A convenient sampling methodology will be adopted. The investigators will recruit pregnant women diagnosed with GDM during the second trimester of pregnancy on a rolling basis. Block randomization will be conducted based on treatment methods (i.e. insulin therapy, oral hypoglycemics, or diet only) to randomly assign participants to the intervention and control groups. Recruitment will be conducted using the following methods: (i) study flyers will be posted at the prenatal clinic; (ii) the investigators will identify pregnant women who are potentially eligible by reviewing medical records. Eligibility Criteria: The inclusion criteria include GDM pregnant women before gestational week 28. GDM is diagnosed with the 2‐step process: blood glucose higher than the 140 mg/dL cut‐off value after 50 g non‐fasting 1‐hr and 100 g 3‐hr oral glucose challenges. Pregnant women are qualified to participate if they are English‐ or Spanish‐ speaking, over 18 years of age, having singleton pregnancy, intending to deliver their babies at the institution and are without any of the conditions listed in the exclusion criteria. Exclusion criteria include pre‐existing hyperglycemia, diabetes, cardiovascular conditions and liver disease prior to pregnancy. Patients may choose to participate in the study and not donate a biopsy of their placenta or umbilical cord. Patients who desire stem cell donation or storage will not be able to donate a biopsy of their placenta or umbilical cord. These patients will not be excluded from the primary analysis. Design and Data Collection Procedures: All interaction with participants will occur at the delivering hospital while sample analyses will occur at the College where the co‐investigator's lab is located. The coordinator for the study, employed by the co‐investigators (Brooklyn College), will not access or store data remotely and all data collection and analysis will happen on hospital campus. The investigators will obtain written informed consent from the pregnant women before study entry. Randomization will be done by pharmacy after patient signs consent. It will be block randomization of 6 patients. After randomization, the investigators will provide the participant in the intervention group with choline supplement pills containing 500 mg of choline bitartrate (235 mg choline, Douglas Lab). The participant will consume 2 pills per day to obtain 470 mg choline for 8 weeks. The recommended intake of choline in the form of Adequate Intake (AI) is 450 mg/d for pregnant women and the Tolerable Upper Intake Level (UL) is 3500 mg/d. Since less than 10% pregnant women reach the AI of choline intake and the upper quartile of choline intake is below 900 mg/d. The dosage that the investigators provide plus the habitual intake of choline in these pregnant women will fall between the AI and UL, i.e. sufficient but not exceeding the limit. The participants in the control group will receive a placebo. Both groups will also receive standard prenatal multivitamins. The investigators will provide the participants with 5 weeks supply of supplements and the investigators will verify their compliance during the time with daily check‐off logs of supplement consumption and leftover pill count during their next visit. The participants will come in for a total of 3 visits at times of routine clinical care. The first visit will be between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation when the investigators enroll the participants, the second visit will be between 28 and 32 weeks of gestation, and the third visit will be between 32 and 36 weeks. The investigators will collect a baseline questionnaire at the first visit (approximately 20 minutes), conduct 3‐day dietary recalls after the first visit (approximately 20 minutes, each), and check current weight and collect 20 mL blood samples at all visits. At delivery, the investigators will collect placenta samples and cord blood from the participants. Baseline questionnaire: The questionnaire includes demographic and medical information such as age, due date, ethnicity, parity, marital status, education level, occupation, household income, medical insurance, substance use, medication use, nutrition supplement, family history of chronic diseases, and self‐reported pre‐pregnancy weight. Dietary assessment: Three 24‐hr dietary recalls, 2 on weekdays and 1 on a weekend day, will be obtained from each participant by a trained research assistant (RA) via phone calls following the first visits to quantify dietary choline intakes. The multi‐pass method of Harnack and colleagues will be used. The RA will record food identification, quantity, ingredient specification, preparation method and enter data into the Nutrition Data System for Research (NDSR) software to analyze choline intake. The RA will also ask participants about their physical activity (PA) during the past 24 hours using the PA recall instrument. Anthropometric measurements and blood collection: The investigators will measure the participants' weight and height using a medical weighing scale with mechanical height rods during the visits. To minimize food‐related concentration differences in plasma biomarkers, participants will be instructed not to consume food for at least 4 hours before their blood draw in the morning. This is a standard recommendation for prenatal visits and is considered as safe. About 20 mL of fasting venous blood will be drawn from each participant during the visits by an investigator. Blood samples will be collected into one EDTA blood collection tube and one serum separator tube and centrifuged to obtain plasma, buffy coat, and serum. Samples will be processed and stored at ‐80oC at the lab until being used for analytical measurements. Blood glucose management: The investigators will obtain information about fasting glucose, hemoglobin A1C, medication and insulin therapy from medical charts of the participants. Birth information and sample collection at delivery: The participants will notify the investigators when they are admitted to the birth center by phone. The investigators will also send them reminders as their due dates are approaching. In addition, the birth center medical staff will be given a list of participant names, thus they will also contact the investigators if a participant checks in when none of the study staff is on site. Once the baby is delivered, the investigators will collect two tubes of cord blood to retrieve serum, plasma, and buffy coat. The investigators will measure the size and weight of the placenta and process the placenta using the following method: full‐thickness placental biopsies will be obtained using a 6‐mm Keyes punch and stabilized in RNAlater® (for RNA), or frozen in liquid nitrogen (for other purposes). Samples will be transported to the co‐investigator's lab for long‐term storage at ‐80C before use. Dietary intake assessment: As mentioned above, dietary intake data collected from 3‐day dietary recalls will be analyzed by the NDSR software. Daily intakes of total choline will be calculated by multiplying the frequency of consumption by the sum of choline derivatives including free choline, phosphatidylcholine (PC), glycerophosphocholine (GPC), phosphocholine, and sphingomyelin of each food item. Daily intakes of betaine (the oxidation product of choline) will be calculated by multiplying consumption frequency and betaine content of each food. Average daily intakes will be calculated as the average daily consumption of total choline and betaine over the 3 days of dietary recalls. Measurements of choline metabolites: Free choline, betaine and other choline derivatives [e.g. PC, GPC, lysophosphatidylcholine, dimethylglycine, trimethylamine oxide (TMAO)] will be measured in maternal plasma using liquid chromatography (LC)‐mass spectrometry (MS) /MS as was conducted in previous studies. To ensure the accuracy and reproducibility of data, stable isotope labeled standards will be used in extraction, all samples will be quantified based on a 6‐point standard curve, and each sample will be run in duplicate. Samples with a coefficient of variation (CV) % higher than 5% within run or 10% between run will be rerun. Specific Aim 2: Determine the influence of MCS on macronutrient transport and epigenetic modifications in the placenta and cord blood. To achieve this aim, the investigators will determine expression of fat and glucose transporters, as well as the upstream regulating pathways AKT/mTOR in placental biopsies from the participants. The investigators will measure the site‐specific DNA methylation of key growth and metabolism related genes in the placenta and cord blood. Analyses of macronutrient transport markers in placental biopsies: To analyze how choline metabolism may be related to placental fat and glucose transport, the investigators will use real‐time PCR to quantify mRNA abundance of fat and glucose metabolic genes and transporters, such as glucose transporters GLUT1 and GLUT3, fatty acid metabolism‐related genes lipoprotein lipase (LPL), fatty acid translocase (CD36), FATPs, and amino acid transporters SNAT2 and SNAT4. Abundance of respective proteins, as well as phosphorylation of AKT, and mTOR targets 4EBP1 and S6K (indicative of activation of the pathway) will also be measured by western blotting that is routinely conducted in the co‐investigator's lab, which includes SDS‐PAGE, membrane transfer, incubation with antibodies and visualization with a chemiluminescence imaging system. All primer efficiency and antibody quality will be tested before being used. Both real‐time PCR and western blot will be run in triplicate. Epigenetic regulation of growth and metabolism: the investigators will examine site‐specific DNA methylation of genes that are published by previous studies as susceptible to prenatal exposures and mediating long‐term growth and metabolic programming of the offspring using bi‐sulfite sequencing as was previously conducted. Briefly, genomic DNA will be treated with bisulfite reagent, after which the target genomic region will be amplified by PCR. A MassArray EpiTyper system will be used to quantify methylated sequences. Genes of interest include LEP, SREBP1C, and PPARG which mediates fat metabolism, IGF2 which promotes growth, corticotropin releasing hormone (CRH) which promotes cortisol secretion, and glucocorticoid receptor (GR) which receives cortisol signals.
 SWEET: postpartum Navigation After GDM;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a substantial long‐term health burden to women due to the 7‐fold increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and other cardiovascular disorders. Yet, there are many gaps in the transition period after GDM, which is a particularly critical time due to enhanced motivation and access. Nevertheless, a minority of women receive postpartum screening for dysglycemia or have successful transition to primary care. Although T2DM prevention interventions can be successful, they cannot be deployed without retention and engagement in care. Addressing the unique barriers experienced by postpartum women requires innovative models of health care delivery to promote prevention of T2DM after GDM. One potential intervention with demonstrated successes in other arenas is patient navigation, a barrier‐focused, longitudinal, patient‐centered intervention that offers support for a defined set of health services. This protocol is to perform a pilot assessment of Sustaining Women's Engagement and Enabling Transitions after GDM (SWEET), a GDM‐focused intervention that will apply barrier‐reduction patient navigation strategies to improve health after a pregnancy with GDM. The investigators aim to determine, via a randomized controlled trial of 40 women who have had GDM, whether those who receive the SWEET navigation intervention have improved diabetes‐related health at 1 year after birth compared to those who receive usual care. In order to promote self‐efficacy, enhance access, and sustain long‐term engagement, the SWEET intervention will provide GDM‐specific, individualized navigation services that leverage existing clinical infrastructure, including logistical support, psychosocial support, and health education, through 1‐year postpartum. Aim 1 will evaluate whether clinical (weight, glycemic control, abdominal circumference, and blood pressure), health services (postpartum and primary care visit attendance), and patient‐reported (diabetes self‐efficacy, activation, and T2DM risk perception) outcomes differ in women exposed to SWEET versus usual care. Aim 2 will evaluate feasibility and acceptability. This proposal will generate key data for the conduct of a full‐scale trial of a GDM‐specific postpartum patient navigation program that will address critical questions about long‐term maternal health and T2DM prevention. SWEET bridges the chasm between care during pregnancy ‐ focused on improving the health of the pregnant woman and her offspring ‐ and long‐term women's health care ‐ focused on chronic disease management and preventive health. The long‐term goals are to understand how to optimize long‐term health after GDM in order to prevent or ameliorate the effects of T2DM beyond the perinatal period.
 Study of a Postpartum Diabetes Prevention Program for Hispanic Women;  Specific aims are to evaluate the impact of the intervention on 1) postpartum weight loss, 2) biomarkers associated with insulin resistance (i.e., glucose, insulin, HbA1c, leptin, TNF‐α, HOMA, AUCgluc, adiponectin), 3) other cardiovascular risk factors (i.e., blood lipids, blood pressure, CRP, fetuin‐A, albumin‐to‐creatinine ratio), and 4) the adoption and maintenance of postpartum behaviors associated with weight loss and prevention of diabetes risk (i.e., physical activity, diet). Eligible Hispanic women will be recruited after routine GDM screening and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n=150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) intervention (n=150). The intervention will be based on our efficacious exercise and dietary interventions for Hispanics (R01NR011295; WIC Common Pathways). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in‐person, telephone counseling, and mailed print‐based materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from randomization (29 wks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American College of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific social, cultural, economic, and physical environmental challenges faced by underserved Hispanic women. Measures of adherence will include the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire (PPAQ), accelerometers, and dietary recalls. The project is a Renewal Application of R01 DK064902, a study of lifestyle risk factors for GDM in Hispanic women. The proposed project builds upon the expertise of the investigative team in conducting randomized controlled trials of lifestyle interventions among Hispanic pregnant women (R01 DK074876; S3948 ASPH/CDC) and controlled trials of lifestyle interventions among low‐income Hispanics with type 2 diabetes and pre‐diabetes (R18 DK0658850; R18DK067549) and can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations.
 SMARThealth Pregnancy: feasibility & Acceptability of a Complex Intervention for High-risk Pregnant Women in Rural India;  Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India, and the prevalence of cardiometabolic disorders is rising. Women in rural India (where two‐thirds of the population live), are particularly vulnerable due to limited knowledge and healthcare access. Pregnancy‐related conditions including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carry independent risks for future cardiovascular disease in women. Early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of future cardiometabolic disorders may offer opportunities for prevention. Innovative solutions are required to address the needs of rural women, particularly during the transitions between antenatal and postpartum care and adult health services. Objective: To determine the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention to improve the detection, referral and management of pregnant women at high‐risk of future cardiometabolic disorders in rural India. Study design: This is a pilot study, using an un‐blinded, parallel group, cluster randomised controlled study design. Study Sites: Jhajjar District, Haryana and Guntur District, Andhra Pradesh, India. Primary outcome: The primary objective of this pilot study is to address the uncertainties around feasibility: (i) how many PHCs accepted the invitation to participate in a trial; (ii) whether the intervention is feasible with respect to participant recruitment rates, (iii) retention of pregnant women in the trial to 6 weeks postpartum; (iv) acceptability and feasibility of outcomes measures (to measure the efficacy within a definitive trial); (v) fidelity to the study protocol. Secondary outcomes include: (i) Acceptability of the intervention. (ii) Process evaluation measures including rates of detection, referral and follow‐up of high‐risk pregnant women. (iii) Clinical outcomes of mean haemoglobin and mean systolic and diastolic blood pressures at 6 weeks postpartum. Randomisation: Cluster randomisation will be conducted at the level of the PHC. Staff related to each PHC will be allocated to either intervention or control groups. The study will recruit 200 pregnant women across all 4 PHC clusters; 100 CHWs (known as ASHAs and ANMs) and; up to 8 Primary Care Physicians (affiliated to the PHC clusters). The villages selected under each intervention and control PHC will be non‐contiguous to avoid contamination.
 Is exercise safe or useful for gestational diabetic women?;  The mainstay of management of the gestational diabetic woman is dietary manipulation to achieve and maintain normoglycemia. If normoglycemia cannot be sustained by diet alone, then insulin therapy is initiated. We instituted a series of studies to observe the value and safety of a cardiovascular fitness program to improve glucose tolerance in gestational diabetic women. We first evaluated the safety for pregnant women of five aerobic exercise machines by observing the effect of these different forms of exercise on uterine activity during the third trimester. We found that upper‐extremity exercise produced no uterine contractions, but lower‐extremity exercise tended to produce contractions. Upper‐extremity exercise, in addition to dietary therapy, was then assigned to 10 gestational diabetic women who were matched for amount of glucose intolerance to 10 gestational diabetic women managed by diet alone. The mean fasting plasma glucose +/‐ SD after 6 wk was 4.87 +/‐ 0.34 mM in the diet group versus 3.89 +/‐ 0.37 mM in the diet‐plus‐exercise group. The mean postglucose challenge in the diet group was 10.40 +/‐ 0.16 mM versus 5.9 +/‐ 1.1 mM in the diet‐plus‐exercise group. Thus, upper‐arm exercise may provide a useful treatment option for gestational diabetes and may obviate the need for insulin.
 Impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus;  BACKGROUND: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus and is associated with duration of diabetes and/or an inadequate glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in women with prior gestational diabetes (GD; pre‐type 2 diabetes) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed after delivery in relation to insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty‐eight healthy women with prior GD were consecutively admitted to the study. HRV was analysed by both time, as well as frequency, domain methods using 24‐h Holter monitoring. In addition, 20 women with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy were investigated as control subjects. All women underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) for measurement of insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: Time domain analysis (standard deviation of normal RR intervals; SDNN) showed a reduced HRV in 25 out of the 48 (52%) women with prior GD. Frequency domain analysis revealed that in these 25 subjects both low and high frequency components of power spectral density (reflecting mainly sympathetic respectively parasympathetic activity) were reduced, indicating that sympathetic as well as parasympathetic functional impairment may be assumed. However, a relative predominance of the sympathetic over parasympathetic cardiac function was observed. The impairment of cardiac autonomic function (reduced SDNN) was correlated with HbA1c values and the 2‐h blood glucose concentration (oral glucose tolerance test) but not with insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSION: The present results demonstrate that in 52% of the women examined who had prior GD, an impairment of cardiac sympathetic as well as parasympathetic function was present, which related to glycaemic control, but not to insulin sensitivity. This infers that functional autonomic changes could be an early prognostic indicator in pre‐type 2 diabetes.
 Ginger Tablets effect on gestational diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control groups take placebo tablets in dose 500 milligrams which are made by Dineh company and use 1500 milligrams of these placebos daily for 6 weeks. Intervention 1: Intervention group will take ginger tablets which made by dineh company and contain 500 milligram of ginger, they will use 1500 milligram daily for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: Control groups take placebo tablets in dose 500 milligrams which are made by Dineh company and use 1500 milligrams of these placebos daily for 6 weeks. Intervention group will take ginger tablets which made by dineh company and contain 500 milligram of ginger, they will use 1500 milligram daily for 6 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy Gestational diabetes. ; Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose. Timepoint: Before intervention, Six weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose Tolerance Test. Iin this test fast blood sugar of persons will measure and then 1 hour and 2 hours after using 75 gr glucose blood sugar of them will measure. Resistance to insulin index. Timepoint: Before intervention, Six weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Through measure of fast blood sugar and fasting insulin with formula. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women with one fetus in uterine; The women who their Fasting Blood Sugars are below of 92 in their first visit of prenatal care; The women with gestational diabetes diagnosis in 24‐28 weeks of pregnancy; Lack of using drugs that affects blood sugar; Lack of having underlying disease such as cardiovascular, respiratory or renal diseases; The women who had normal Blood Sugar before pregnancy; Lack of hard exercise; Lack of need to insulin therapy by doctor diagnose; Women who candidate for low sugar diet treatment; exclusion criteria: any reaction of body and sensitivity to tablets
 Weight Change and Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Postpartum Women with History of Gestational Diabetes;  Weight gain after childbirth is a significant risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) development after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The level of weight loss achieved in diabetes prevention programs for women after GDM is often low but its effects on the cardiometabolic risk are not known. In a secondary analysis of a diabetes prevention program in postpartum women with history of gestational diabetes, we evaluated the effect of weight change on the cardiometabolic outcomes at 1‐year follow‐up. Of the 284 women randomized to the intervention arm, 206 with the final outcome measurements were included in the analyses. Participants were categorized into weight loss (>2 kg, n = 74), weight stable (±2 kg, n = 74) or weight gain (>2 kg, n = 58) groups. The weight loss group had significantly greater decrease in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) than the weight gain group (‐0.1 + 0.4% vs. 0 + 0.4%, p = 0.049). The weight loss group had significantly greater decrease in total cholesterol and low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol cholesterol than the other two groups (p < 0.05). The weight gain group had significantly greater increase in triglyceride and triglyceride:high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio compare with the other groups (p < 0.01). Overall, a small amount of weight loss and prevention of further weight gain was beneficial to the cardiometabolic outcomes of postpartum women after GDM.
 Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional;  Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with several maternal complications in pregnancy, including preeclampsia, preterm labor, need for induction of labor, and cesarean delivery as well as increased long‐term risks of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM raises the risk for complications in offspring as well, including stillbirth, macrosomia, and birth trauma, and long‐term risk of metabolic disease. One of the strongest risk factors for GDM is the occurrence of GDM in a prior pregnancy. Preliminary data from epidemiologic and bariatric surgery studies suggest that reducing body weight before pregnancy can prevent the development of GDM, but no adequately powered trial has tested the effects of a maternal lifestyle intervention before pregnancy to reduce body weight and prevent GDM recurrence. Methods: The principal aim of the Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is to determine whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce body weight before pregnancy can reduce GDM recurrence. This two‐site trial targets recruitment of 252 women with overweight and obesity who have previous histories of GDM and who plan to have another pregnancy in the next 1–3 years. Women are randomized within site to a comprehensive pre‐pregnancy lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss with ongoing treatment until conception or an educational control group. Participants are assessed preconceptionally (at study entry, after 4 months, and at brief quarterly visits until conception), during pregnancy (at 26 weeks’ gestation), and at 6 weeks postpartum. The primary outcome is GDM recurrence, and secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease, prenatal and perinatal complications, and changes over time in weight, diet, physical activity, and psychosocial measures. Discussion: The Gestational Diabetes Prevention /Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of a lifestyle intervention delivered before pregnancy to prevent GDM recurrence. If found effective, the proposed lifestyle intervention could lay the groundwork for shifting current treatment practices towards the interconception period and provide evidence‐based preconception counseling to optimize reproductive outcomes and prevent GDM and associated health risks. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02763150. Registered on May 5, 2016
 IRELAnD: investigating the Role of Early Low-dose Aspirin in Diabetes;  Pregestational diabetes represents a high‐risk for evolution of preeclampsia (PET), with rates of PET within this group at approximately 20%. The combination of diabetes and preeclampsia places the pregnancy at heightened risk for hypoxia and stillbirth. Placental dysfunction, due to disordered early placental development, is central to the disease process. Early placental disease is followed months later by clinical manifestations of PET, which reflect widespread endothelial dysfunction resulting in vasoconstriction, ischaemia and increased vascular permeability. While not all adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetes are attributed to placental dysfunction, any therapy that offers the potential to optimise placentation in this group deserves close attention. The dose of aspirin used in randomized trials ranges from 50mg to 150mg. For some women, particularly those with type 2 diabetes‐related obesity, the commonly‐used 60mg dose may be too low to exert a full effect on thromboxane production. Recent work by one of the collaborators for this submission indicates that 20% of patients in Ireland with established coronary artery disease are inadequately 'protected' by aspirin, as evidenced by a thromboxane B2 level of >2.2 (indicating platelet aggregation of greater than 20%). Age, hypertension and weight were identified as risk factors for an inadequate aspirin response. Furthermore, randomized trials of this nature are potentially compromised by an inability to confidently ensure patient compliance. The use of platelet function assays for a sub‐group of the participants in this proposed work offers the potential both to determine whether body mass index and gestational age influence the ability to achieve an optimal biologic drug effect and also to confirm patient compliance. Pre‐pregnancy nephropathy places a woman at particularly high risk for superimposed preeclampsia and for fetal growth restriction. Microalbuminuria is known to be the forerunner for diabetic nephropathy. Indeed, microalbuminuria is considered to be a marker of generalized endothelial dysfunction. Whether sub‐threshold degrees of microvascular disease, as evidenced by microalbuminuria in early gestation, may confer a heightened risk of preeclampsia, is unclear. Furthermore, whether aspirin therapy may benefit this subgroup with microalbuminuria has not been studied. The largest study to date to investigate the prevalence of microalbuminuria was conducted in Denmark, on a cohort of 1,200 pregnant women with type I diabetes and documented a fourfold increase in risk of developing preeclampsia among microalbuminuric women compared to normoalbuminuric diabetic women. A secondary analysis of the MFMU aspirin study documented no increased risk of preeclampsia among women with diabetes who had proteinuria <499mg/24h in early pregnancy. A randomized trial of aspirin therapy for the prevention of placental dysfunction in the setting of pregestational diabetes may clarify whether aspirin therapy confers particular benefit among microalbuminuric women. Routine prescription of aspirin therapy for women with pre‐existing diabetes does not represent standard care in Ireland. The Mother and Baby CTN is well placed to answer the clinical question here, centred on whether low‐dose antiplatelet therapy in pregnancy may carry the potential to optimise pregnancy outcome in this high‐risk group. Importantly, although NICE has issued guidance on the prevention of hypertension in pregnancy that includes a recommendation that women deemed to be at high risk for hypertension in pregnancy be considered for low‐dose aspirin after 12 weeks' gestational age, and pregestational diabetes is listed as an example of 'high risk', this recommendation is not supported by randomized‐trial evidence demonstrating a benefit to aspirin therapy in women with diabetes. Furthermore, this guidance is at variance with international guidelines on the management of diabetes in pregnancy, none of which includes a recommendation that aspirin is prescribed to this group. This reflects the dearth of studies that have been done on this high‐risk subgroup and the paucity of evidence gleaned from meta analyses in favour of aspirin therapy in this group. 9.2 Preclinical data Aspirin is a non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and antipyretic effects. Aspirin also inhibits cyclo‐oxygenase isoforms 1 and 2 (COX1/COX2) by irreversible acetylation, thus inhibiting the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and thromboxanes from arachadonic acid. Aspirin's antiplatelet effects relate to its inhibition of the production of platelet thromboxane A2, a prothrombotic vasoconstrictor. This inhibitory effect is cumulative on repeat dosing, with complete suppression of platelet thromboxane synthesis estimated to occur within a few days after daily dosing of 20 to 50mg and more rapid suppression occurring with larger doses of 150‐300mg. Much higher doses are required for anti‐inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic effects (3.6‐4g daily). Animal studies showed that at very large dose levels, aspirin is teratogenic in rodents, with cranial defects, neural tube defects, and cardiac defects among the most consistent findings. Offspring of food‐restricted rats that also received aspirin 250 mg/kg/day had more than twice the incidence of malformations as those that received aspirin without food restriction. The most notable malformations were rib and limb defects and umbilical hernias. At higher dose levels, aspirin produced similar embryotoxicity in rhesus monkeys. The anomalies observed included neural tube defects, skeletal malformations, and facial clefts. A 2003 review of the experimental animal literature noted diaphragmatic hernia, ventricular septal defect, or midline defects associated with aspirin or other NSAIDs. This analysis noted that the general quality of available reports was poor, but work in rats, with bolus administration of the maximum tolerable dose of aspirin, as well as some reversible COX‐1 inhibitors, consistently produced midline and cardiac defects. In rabbits, because of maternal toxicity, aspirin cannot be administered at high enough dose levels to produce developmental defects. 9.3 Clinical data Low‐dose aspirin has been investigated for the prevention of preeclampsia owing to its negative effect on thromboxane production. An imbalance between prostacyclin and thromboxane plays a key role in the development of PET and is believed to result from shallow placental invasion and ischaemia that occur shortly after implantation, very early in the first trimester of pregnancy. Studies on the role of aspirin in the prevention of preeclampsia in high‐risk women have yielded conflicting results. Initial studies suggested a protective effect. Subsequently, some larger studies failed to identify a benefit to aspirin therapy although CLASP did demonstrate a benefit in women affected by early‐onset severe preeclampsia in a prior pregnancy. A metaanalysis, based on 27 trials on 31,678 women, concluded that aspirin is effective in preventing preeclampsia, although the effect, a 10% reduction in PET incidence, was too modest to warrant routine use in all women. The authors concluded that 'Despite a very large dataset, the evidence base for particular groups of high risk women remains limited '. Pre‐existing diabetes was identified in 905 randomized women in this metaanalysis and the authors calculated a relative risk for PET of 0.76 (CI 0.56 to 1.04), thus failing to demonstrate a statistically significant effect. No information is provided on gestational age at recruitment for this subanalysis, but very few studies were included that recruited women <16 weeks. Two thirds of the overall dataset were recruited after 20 weeks' gestational age. However, if started early in pregnancy the treatment may be effective, although studies are few and results are inconsistent, demonstrated a 17% reduction in the incidence of PET when combining studies of different design. These authors stratified patients according to risk‐status for PET and concluded that aspirin may confer a 25% reduction in preeclampsia for women deemed to be at high risk for developing the disease. Pre‐pregnancy diabetes constituted a high risk factor in this analysis. However, any benefit of aspirin therapy in reducing the incidence of PET in this group was not demonstrated by the Askie metaanalysis. Few studies investigate the role of aspirin in preventing preeclampsia specifically in women with diabetes. Only two randomized trials have recruited women with pregestational diabetes without chronic hypertension or established renal disease. A large multicenter MFMU Network study investigated the role of aspirin in prevention of PET for high‐risk women, which included a subgroup of 471 women with pregestational diabetes. Although this study did not demonstrate a difference in the incidence of PET between aspirin and placebo groups, women were recruited in the 2nd trimester (mean GA at recruitment 18 weeks +/‐ 4 weeks). It is plausible that any effect of aspirin on placentation may only be observed if therapy is initiated in the first trimester. Indeed, a recent metaanalysis investigating the role of aspirin in prevention of perinatal death concludes that low‐dose aspirin has potential to reduce perinatal mortality when initiated prior to 16 weeks compared to later treatment. Therefore, if aspirin is to be used for the prevention of placental dysfunction, it must be initiated before the second active phase of trophoblast invasion, which takes place from 14 weeks' gestation onwards. No randomized trials investigating the role of aspirin in prevention of preeclampsia have initiated treatment in the first trimester, the gestational period at which it is most likely to exert an effect on placentation. 9.4 Rationale and risks/benefits The investigational medicinal product to be used in this trial: Tromalyt® 150mg prolong release capsule for oral ingestion. The gelatine capsule contains 150mg of anti‐platelet agent acetylsalicylic acid, maize starch and Sucrose 20:80. . Tromalyt® is trademark of Meda Pharma SL (Reg 59.210). Placebo hard gelatin capsules (Sanitatis®) will be used for patients randomized to the placebo arm. These capsules are externally identical to Tromalyt capsule. The capsules contain 198mg microcrystalline cellulose and 2mg of magnesium stearate (Sanitatis®) . The antiplatelet properties of aspirin may confer a beneficial effect on placental function, owing to the putative imbalance between thromboxane and prostacyclin that are thought to result in shallow placental invasion in the first trimester. The ability of antiplatelet therapy such as aspirin to potentially optimize placental architecture early in pregnancy may lead to a greater prospect of a low‐resistance placental circulation being established early in pregnancy in this cohort of women with microangiopathic disease relating to pre‐pregnancy diabetes. Therefore, the study hypothesis is that initiation of low‐dose aspirin in the first trimester of pregnancy may lead to a reduction in placental dysfunction‐mediated adverse perinatal outcome (namely, pre‐eclampsia, fetal growth restriction, preterm birth or perinatal death).
 Pregnancies After the Diagnosis of Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Cardiometabolic Disorders;  OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of subsequent pregnancy with subsequent metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes mellitus after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We conducted a prospective observational follow‐up study of women with mild GDM randomized from 2002 to 2007 to usual care or dietary intervention and glucose self‐monitoring. Women were evaluated 5‐10 years after the parent study. Participants were grouped according to the number of subsequent pregnancies (group A, none [reference]; group B, one; group C, two or greater). Serum triglycerides, glucose tolerance, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure, and waist circumference were assessed. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed by American Heart Association and National Heart Lung and Blood Institute criteria. Multivariable regression was used to estimate adjusted relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Of 905 eligible women from the original trial, 483 agreed to participate, 426 of whom were included in this analysis. Groups A, B, and C consisted of 212, 143, and 71 women, respectively. Of women with subsequent pregnancies, 32% (69/214) had another pregnancy complicated with GDM. No difference between groups was observed for metabolic syndrome (group A, 34%; group B, 33%; group C, 30%). Subsequent pregnancies were associated with diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy (group A, 5.2%; group B, 10.5%, RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.16‐5.91; group C, 11.3%, RR 2.83, 95% CI 1.06‐7.59), and if complicated with GDM (no subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 1.99, 95% CI 0.82‐4.84; subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 3.75, 95% CI 1.60‐8.82). CONCLUSION: In women with prior mild GDM, subsequent pregnancies did not increase the frequency of metabolic syndrome, but subsequent pregnancies with GDM increased the risk of diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy.
 Pregnancies After the Diagnosis of Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Cardiometabolic Disorders;  OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of subsequent pregnancy with subsequent metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes mellitus after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We conducted a prospective observational follow‐up study of women with mild GDM randomized from 2002 to 2007 to usual care or dietary intervention and glucose self‐monitoring. Women were evaluated 5‐10 years after the parent study. Participants were grouped according to the number of subsequent pregnancies (group A, none [reference]; group B, one; group C, two or greater). Serum triglycerides, glucose tolerance, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure, and waist circumference were assessed. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed by American Heart Association and National Heart Lung and Blood Institute criteria. Multivariable regression was used to estimate adjusted relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Of 905 eligible women from the original trial, 483 agreed to participate, 426 of whom were included in this analysis. Groups A, B, and C consisted of 212, 143, and 71 women, respectively. Of women with subsequent pregnancies, 32% (69/214) had another pregnancy complicated with GDM. No difference between groups was observed for metabolic syndrome (group A, 34%; group B, 33%; group C, 30%). Subsequent pregnancies were associated with diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy (group A, 5.2%; group B, 10.5%, RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.16‐5.91; group C, 11.3%, RR 2.83, 95% CI 1.06‐7.59), and if complicated with GDM (no subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 1.99, 95% CI 0.82‐4.84; subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 3.75, 95% CI 1.60‐8.82). CONCLUSION: In women with prior mild GDM, subsequent pregnancies did not increase the frequency of metabolic syndrome, but subsequent pregnancies with GDM increased the risk of diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy.
 Windows of Opportunity for Lifestyle Interventions to Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with several acute maternal health risks and long‐term development of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM similarly increases offspring risk of early‐life health complications and later disease. GDM recurrence is common, affecting 40 to 73% of women, and augments associated maternal/fetal/child health risks. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include maternal excessive gestational weight gain and prepregnancy overweight and obesity. Lifestyle interventions that target diet, activity, and behavioral strategies can effectively modify body weight. Randomized clinical trials testing the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to reduce excessive gestational weight gain have generally shown mixed effects on reducing GDM incidence. Trials testing the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions among women with a history of GDM have shown reduced incidence of diabetes and improved cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, the long‐term effects of interpregnancy or prepregnancy lifestyle interventions on subsequent GDM remain unknown. Future adequately powered and well‐controlled clinical trials are needed to determine the effects of lifestyle interventions to prevent GDM and identify pathways to effectively reach reproductive‐aged women across all levels of society, before, during, and after pregnancy.
 Metformin versus insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes;  BACKGROUND: Metformin is a logical treatment for women with gestational diabetes mellitus, but randomized trials to assess the efficacy and safety of its use for this condition are lacking. METHODS: We randomly assigned 751 women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 20 to 33 weeks of gestation to open treatment with metformin (with supplemental insulin if required) or insulin. The primary outcome was a composite of neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress, need for phototherapy, birth trauma, 5‐minute Apgar score less than 7, or prematurity. The trial was designed to rule out a 33% increase (from 30% to 40%) in this composite outcome in infants of women treated with metformin as compared with those treated with insulin. Secondary outcomes included neonatal anthropometric measurements, maternal glycemic control, maternal hypertensive complications, postpartum glucose tolerance, and acceptability of treatment. RESULTS: Of the 363 women assigned to metformin, 92.6% continued to receive metformin until delivery and 46.3% received supplemental insulin. The rate of the primary composite outcome was 32.0% in the group assigned to metformin and 32.2% in the insulin group (relative risk, 0.99 [corrected]; 95% confidence interval, 0.80 [corrected] to 1.23 [corrected]). More women in the metformin group than in the insulin group stated that they would choose to receive their assigned treatment again (76.6% vs. 27.2%, P<0.001). The rates of other secondary outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. There were no serious adverse events associated with the use of metformin. CONCLUSIONS: In women with gestational diabetes mellitus, metformin (alone or with supplemental insulin) is not associated with increased perinatal complications as compared with insulin. The women preferred metformin to insulin treatment. (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number, 12605000311651.).
 A randomized trial of dapagliflozin and metformin, alone and combined, in overweight women after gestational diabetes mellitus;  BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus are at a substantially increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus recurrence and type 2 diabetes. Weight gain, particularly increased central adiposity after delivery, is strongly associated with deterioration of pancreatic beta cell compensation for insulin resistance. Weight management after gestational diabetes mellitus could have a significant benefit in these women who are at a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the treatment efficacy of dapagliflozin and metformin, alone and in combination, on body weight and anthropometric, cardiovascular, and metabolic parameters in overweight women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective, single‐blind, randomized, outpatient clinical trial with 3 parallel treatment groups. Overweight or obese (body mass index>25) females (n=66; ≥18‐45 years) with gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy in the past 12 months were randomized in a single‐blind manner to dapagliflozin, metformin, or dapagliflozin‐metformin for 24 weeks. Body weight, height, body mass index, waist circumference, waist‐to‐height ratio, and blood pressure were determined at baseline and trial completion. Oral glucose tolerance tests were performed at baseline and 24 weeks to assess glycemia and mean blood glucose and calculate insulin sensitivity and secretion measures. Plasma lipid fractions, thyroid‐stimulating hormone, and liver enzymes were also assessed in the fasting sample at the beginning and completion of the study trial. RESULTS: The study was completed by 49 participants (74%). Significant reduction of weight, waist circumference, and waist‐to‐height ratio and improved glycemia and insulin sensitivity index derived from oral glucose tolerance test were found with dapagliflozin‐metformin vs metformin monotherapy. Both dapagliflozin and dapagliflozin‐metformin therapy were superior to metformin in increasing high‐density lipoprotein levels, reducing triglyceride concentrations, lowering the triglyceride‐to‐high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and improving glucose excursion after an oral glucose tolerance test. The early insulin response to a glucose challenge significantly improved with only dapagliflozin‐metformin compared with single‐drug treatments. CONCLUSION: This is the first report comparing the efficacy of a sodium‐glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor alone and in combination with metformin in this patient population. We found that combination dapagliflozin‐metformin treatment over a 24‐week period had a greater positive effect on body weight, waist circumference, and glycemic, cardiovascular, and metabolic parameters than metformin monotherapy in overweight or obese at‐risk women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
 Metformin in the management of gestational diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: In the control group, insulin 0.5 IU / kg as subcutaneous injection was started and titrated based on plasma glucose values from gestational age of 20 to 34 weeks and continue throughout of pregnancy. In the intervention group, metformin 500 mg tablet was given twice a day to a maximum of 2500 mg/day based on glycemic profile that begins from 20 to 34 weeks gestational age and continue throughout of pregnancy. Intervention 1: In the intervention group, metformin 500 mg tablet was given twice a day to a maximum of 2500 mg/day based on glycemic profile that begins from 20 to 34 weeks gestational age and continue throughout of pregnancy. Intervention 2: In the control group, insulin 0.5 IU / kg as subcutaneous injection was started and titrated based on plasma glucose values from gestational age of 20 to 34 weeks and continue throughout of pregnancy. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. ; Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Plasma glucose. Timepoint: twice a week. Method of measurement: laboratory (mg/dl). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cesarean section. Timepoint: tim of delivery. Method of measurement: mode of delivery. Hypoglycemia. Timepoint: 1st 24hr after birth. Method of measurement: laboratory (mg/dl). Macrosomia. Timepoint: birth time. Method of measurement: birth weight(kg). NICU admission. Timepoint: neonatal period. Method of measurement: day. Perinatal mortality. Timepoint: antenatal,neonatal period. Method of measurement: IUFD,Still birth,neonatal death. Preeclampsia. Timepoint: Antenatal and postpartum. Method of measurement: blood pressure (mmhg),proteinuria (mg/dl). Preterm delivery. Timepoint: postnatal. Method of measurement: gestational age (week). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 ‐ 18 to 40 years old pregnant women 2 ‐ Singleton Pregnancy 3 ‐ gestational age between 20 to 34 weeks (based on reliable LMP or ultrasound before 20 weeks of gestation) 3 ‐ Diagnosis of GDM based on 2 or more abnormal values in GTT as per Carpenter and Coustan's criterion. Exclusion criteria: 1 ‐ Systemic underlying disease (cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal , liver and autoimmune) 2 ‐ Substance Abuse 3‐ Overt diabetes mellitus (except previous history of GDM)
 Dietary intervention in gestational diabetes;  INTERVENTION: This study design is a randomised controlled double‐blind trial of a nutritional intervention. Overweight or obese women with gestational diabetes will be randomly allocated to receive either a standard‐calorie or reduced‐calorie dietbox every week from diagnosis of gestational diabetes until delivery. The study is double‐blind as women and their research and clinical teams will not know which dietbox they will be receiving. This is a new way of running a nutritional study. Recruitment: At the time of referral for glucose (sugar) testing in pregnancy, obese and overweight women will receive an introductory flyer about the study. If gestational diabetes is diagnosed, women will be given a participant information leaflet and an opportunity to discuss study participation with their friends, family and the research team. Women who wish to participate in the study will give written informed consent and will be randomised before 30+6 weeks of pregnancy. Study visits: This study requires 4 study visits. Study visits will occur at enrolment (28‐30 weeks) at 32 weeks and 36 weeks during pregnancy and at 6 weeks postpartum. The timeline for each participant is as follows: Study visit 1: (approximately 2 hours) The participant will have a further detailed explanation of the study, and the opportunity to ask any further questions about the study design or the dietboxes. Patients who agree to participate will then give written informed consent and will be enrolled into the study. At visit 1, the following procedures will be performed: â€¢ Consent form signed â€¢ Baseline weight, height and anthropometry ‐ i.e. measuring the size of the body CONDITION: Gestational diabetes ; Pregnancy and Childbirth ; Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Neonatal primary outcome measure:; Standardised birth weight (standardised for infant gender and gestational age at delivery); Timepoint(s): birth/36 weeks gestation ‐ from hospital data at V3 and birth; ; Maternal primary outcome measure:; Maternal weight change (28‐36 weeks), measured using Seca scales at V1 and V3; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Neonatal secondary outcome measures:; 1. Large for gestational age (using local, national and international centiles and customised centiles) at birth; 2. Small for gestational age (using local, national and international centiles and customised centiles) at birth; 3. Cord blood C‐peptide measured using Diasorin liaison method at birth; 4. Cord blood glucose measured using Hexokinase method on Siemen's analyser at birth; 5. Amniotic fluid glucose measured using Hexokinase method on Siemen's analyser at birth; 6. Neonatal anthropometry (length, weight, abdominal circumference, head circumference, skinfold thickness, mid upper arm circumference) measured using tape measure, Seca scales, Holtain calipers at birth and V4; 7. Neonatal body composition measured using Peapod device at birth/V4; 8. Neonatal hypoglycaemia (defined as a low blood glucose requiring intravenous dextrose) from hospital data at V4; 9. Neonatal admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) from hospital data at V4; 10. Neonatal feeding type on discharge from hospital, from hospital data, maternal questionnaire at V4; 11. Neonatal nasogastric feeding from hospital data at V4; 12. Duration of neonatal admission from hospital data at V4; 13. Neonatal jaundice requiring phototherapy from hospital data at V4; 14. Preterm delivery from hospital data at birth; 15. Estimated gestational age at birth from hospital data, dataset calculation at birth; 16. Apgar scores from hospital data at birth; ; Maternal secondary outcome measures:; 1. Maternal weight and related measurements at 32 and 36 weeks and postpartum measured using Seca scales, Harpenden calipers, tape measure at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 2. Maternal weight measured using Seca scales at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 3. Maternal weight change (baseline to 32 weeks and 32 to 36 weeks) using dataset formula calculation at V3; 4. Maternal BMI from dataset formula calculation at V1, V3 and V4; 5. Maternal weight change (grams per week) from dataset formula calculation at V4; 6. Velocity of maternal weight change (baseline to 32, 36 weeks and postpartum, and between each timepoint) from dataset formula calculation at V1, V2, V3, and V4; 7. Maternal body composition at 6 weeks postpartum measured using DXA machine, Harpenden calipers, tape measure at V4; 8. Maternal glycaemia on biochemical measurement (HbA1c and other biochemical measures of glycaemia) at 32 and 36 weeks and postpartum; 9. Maternal glycaemia on continuous glucose monitoring at 32 and 36 weeks measured using Dexcom G6 CGM at V2 and V3:; 9.1. Time in target (4.0 ‐ 7.8 mmol/l) from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.2. Time below target (<4.0 mmol/l) from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.3. Time above target (>7.8 mmol/l) from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.4. Area under the curve for blood sugars >7.8 mmol/l from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.5. Area under the curve for blood sugars >6.7 mmol/l from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.6. Area under the curve for blood sugars <3.5 mmol/L from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.7. Area under the curve for blood sugars <2.8 mmol/L from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.8. Incidence of hypoglycaemic events from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.9. Mild‐moderate episodes of hypoglycaemia <3.5mmol/l (mild) and <2.8 mmol/l (moderate) from data for area under the curve <3.5 mmol/l (mild) and <2.8 mmol/l (moderate) and duration of 20 minutes, from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.10. Nocturnal hypoglycaemia: glucose <3.5 mmol/l (mild) and <2.8 mmol/l (moderate) between 23.00‐07.00 hours, from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.11. Time in hypoglycaemic range (<4 mmol/l; <2.5 mmol/l) from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.12. Peak and nadir blood glucose from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.13. Mean blood glucose from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.14. Mean nocturnal blood glucose from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.15. Mean postprandial blood glucose for 1, 2 & 4 hours after breakfast, lunch and dinner, from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.16. Standard deviation of blood glucose from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.17. Coefficient of variation of glucose measurements from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 9.18. Mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE) from Dexcom Clarity dataset at V1, V2, V3 and V4; 10. Ultrasound measurements at baseline, 32 and 36 weeks, measured in absolute values and as a percentile and where relevant, as a categorical variable (<2.5th, <10th, >90th and >97.5th percentile):; 10.1. Abdominal circumference (AC) from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 10.2. Estimated fetal weight (EFW) from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 10.3. Head circumference (HC) from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 10.4. HC/AC ratio from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 10.5. Umbilical artery flow studies from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 10.6. Velocity of change of AC, HC, HC/AC and EFW from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 10.7. Amniotic fluid index from hospital data at V1, V2 and V3; 11. Cardiovascular variables at 32 and 36 weeks, and postpartum:; 11.1. Blood pressure from Dinamap at V2, V3 and V4; 11.2. Mean arterial pressure from Dinamap at V2, V3 and V4; 11.3. Heart rate from Dinamap at V2, V3 and V4; 11.4. Cardiac output from database formula calculation at V2, V3 and V4; 12. Biochemical analysis of maternal blood at 32 and 36 weeks and 6 weeks postpartum:; 12.1. Lipids including triglycerides measured using Siemens dimension methods; 12.2. Insulin measured using Diasorin liaison method; 12.3. Glucose measured using Siemens dimension hexokinase method; 12.4. C‐peptide measured using Diasorin liaison method; 12.5. Liver function tests measured using Siemens dimension methods; 12.6. Bile acids measured using Siemens dimension methods; 12.7. C‐reactive protein (including highly sensitive analyses) measured using Siemens dimension methods; 12.8. Metabolomics using Metabolon Ltd or in house method using core facilities; 12.9. Nutritional markers ‐ Metabolon Ltd or in house method using core facilities; 13. Indices of insulin production or beta‐cell function ‐ based on mathematical formulae in literature ‐ for example Stumvoll index and Matsuda index, HOMA‐B and HOMA‐IR:; 13.1. HOMA‐IR and HOMA‐B scores at 32 and 36 weeks and postpartum as per formulae in the literature; 13.2. Matsuda scores (postpartum) ‐ formula described in literature; 13.3. Stumvoll index ‐ formula described in literature; 14. Maternal complications INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women with GDM diagnosed at 20 to 30+6 weeksâ€™ gestation using a standard clinical 75g OGTT in accordance with the guidelines of the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence (NICE) 2. The NICE criteria state that the diagnosis of gestational diabetes will be made with one or more glucose concentrations during the OGTT of: 2.1. >5.6 mmol/l in the fasting state 2.2 >7.8 mmol/l 2 hours after 75g glucose 3. Pre‐pregnancy overweight or obesity (BMI >25 kg/m2) 4. A ultrasound‐confirmed viable singleton pregnancy 5. Planned antenatal care at the same centre or a different study centre throughout their pregnancy (ie: not planning to move away from the region before delivery)
 Assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: mySweetHeart Cohort study protocol, Switzerland;  INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. GDM carries prenatal and perinatal risks as well as long‐term risks for the mother and her child. GDM may be involved in the foetal programming of long‐term cardiovascular health. However, evidence is sparse and the effect of GDM on cardiovascular health is unknown. To address these issues, we will conduct MySweetHeart Cohort study. The objectives are to assess the effect of GDM on offspring's cardiovascular health early in life by using surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a cohort study of 100 offspring of women with GDM and 100 offspring of women without GDM. At inclusion, a baseline assessment of the mothers will be conducted through means of self‐report questionnaires, a researcher‐administrated interview, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a maternal blood sampling. Between the 30th and 34th weeks of gestation, a foetal echography will be performed to assess the foetal cardiac structure and function, the fetomaternal circulation and the hepatic volume. At birth, maternal and neonatal characteristics will be assessed. An echocardiography will be performed to assess cardiac structure and function 2‐7 days after birth; carotid intima‐media thickness will be also measured to assess vascular structure. MySweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02890693), a randomised controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardiometabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. A long‐term follow‐up of children is planned. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval has been obtained through the state Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud (study number 2016‐00745). We aim to disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer‐reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974).
 Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): a Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program;  Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group‐based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. Methods and Findings: In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention‐to‐treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: −0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI −0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference −0.95 kg, 95% CI −1.87, −0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); −2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI −3.01, −1.42) compared with −1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI −2.52, −0.96) (change difference −0.50 cm, 95% CI −1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and +0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with +0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference −0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI −0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow‐up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. Conclusions: Although a 1‐kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention. Trial Registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000338066
 Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): a Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program;  BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group‐based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention‐to‐treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: ‐0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI ‐0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference ‐0.95 kg, 95% CI ‐1.87, ‐0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); ‐2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI ‐3.01, ‐1.42) compared with ‐1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI ‐2.52, ‐0.96) (change difference ‐0.50 cm, 95% CI ‐1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and +0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with +0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference ‐0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI ‐0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow‐up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Although a 1‐kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000338066.
 Investigate the Efficacy and Safety of Low-Glu in Patients Newly Diagnosed With Type II Diabetes Mellitus;  Diabetes Mellitus (DM), commonly referred to as Diabetes is defined by World Health Organization (WHO) as a group of metabolic disorders characterized by chronic Hyperglycemia resulting from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action or both. Long‐term organ damage, organ dysfunction and organ failure are associated with the chronic Hyperglycemia of Diabetes. Possible Diabetes complications can be classified into two major categories; macrovascular and microvascular including Ischemic Heart Disease (IHD), Peripheral Vascular Disease (PVD), and Cerebrovascular Disease (CVD) "macrovascular", and Nephropathy, Retinopathy, and Neuropathy "microvascular" resulting in organ and tissue damage in almost one third to one half of population with diabetes. According to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), the three main types of Diabetes are Type 1 Diabetes, Type 2 Diabetes and Gestational Diabetes. Type 1 DM, formerly described as "Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus" (IDDM) results from β‐cells destruction, usually leading to absolute deficiency of insulin. Type 2 DM formerly described as "Non‐Insulin‐Dependent Diabetes Mellitus" (NIDDM) results from a progressive insulin secretory defect on the background of insulin resistance. Gestational Diabetes, which appears during pregnancy, is associated with increasing the risk of developing type 2 Diabetes in both mother and child later in life. Diabetes is a rapidly growing health concern in both developed and developing nations and its prevalence is continuously increasing worldwide. Globally, in 2014, approximately 422 million adults were having diabetes, with type 2 making up about 91%of the cases. In 2015, according to IDF, an estimated 415 million adults were having diabetes along with an estimated 318 million adults with impaired glucose tolerance. Both WHO and IDF predict that by 2030, this number will be doubled. In 2016 the WHO global report on Diabetes stated that the prevalence of Diabetes has increased faster in low‐ and middle‐income countries than in high‐income countries. Type 2 Diabetes is characterized by insulin resistance and/or abnormal insulin secretion, either of which may predominate. It is associated with several metabolic defects such as obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, which contribute to the very high rate of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Medicinal herbs were used to treat a wide range of diseases long time before the birth of conventional medicine systems. The World Health Organization (WHO) has listed 21,000 plant names, which are used for medicinal purposes around the world, so despite the fact that medicinal herbs are at times misconceived as being unscientific, their continual existence proves they are able to be alternatives or complementary to conventional drugs at some point. Specifically, Ficus deltoidea leaves, Cinnamomum cassia L. powdered Extract and Black seed powdered extract have been used for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus and other medical conditions for over 2000 years. Ficus deltoidea is an evergreen shrub reaching to 2 meters of height, with whitish grey bark, broadly spoon‐shaped to obovate leaves and spherical or round figs. Over the years, it has been used to treat many diseases such as; Diabetes Mellitus, Hypertension, Hyperlipidemia and Gout. Numerous studies were conducted over the past years to assess the safety of Ficus deltoidea, Cinnamomum cassia L. powdered extract and Black seed powdered extract and their efficacy in treating type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. As the available data on NW Low‐Glu efficacy, safety and dosing regimen is not enough, this study will be conducted to compare the hypoglycemic effect of two doses of a herbal medicinal product of ficus and Cinnamomum cassia L. powdered Extract + Black seed powdered extract (NW Low‐Glu) to that of Metformin as measured by the mean change in HbA1c levels in patients newly diagnosed with type II diabetes mellitus.
 Fit After Baby: a Health Intervention to Increase Postpartum Weight Loss in Women at Increased Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease;  This study plans to learn more about how to increase postpartum weight loss and how to decrease risk factors for postpartum women at increased risk for diabetes and heart disease. The program is delivered using a mobile application (app) and a lifestyle coach. This mobile application is developed for women who are at higher risk for diabetes and heart disease. Women who have gestational diabetes, (diabetes during pregnancy, or GDM), gestational hypertension (high blood pressure), and/or preeclampsia (high blood pressure and protein in the urine), and/or small‐for gestational‐age, and/or preterm (early) delivery during their pregnancies have a higher risk for diabetes and heart disease. This mobile application was developed using the latest research studies and using the evidence‐based Diabetes Prevention and Colorado Weigh programs. The goal of the program is to help women lose weight and participate in physical activity after delivery.
 Prevention of diabetes in women with a history of gestational diabetes: effects of metformin and lifestyle interventions;  CONTEXT: A past history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) confers a very high risk of postpartum development of diabetes, particularly type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) sought to identify individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and intervene in an effort to prevent or delay their progression to diabetes. This analysis examined the differences between women enrolled in DPP with and without a reported history of GDM. DESIGN: The DPP was a randomized, controlled clinical trial. SETTING: The study was a multicenter, National Institutes of Health‐sponsored trial carried out at 27 centers including academic and Indian Health Services sites. Patients: A total of 2190 women were randomized into the DPP and provided information for past history of GDM. This analysis addressed the differences between those 350 women providing a past history of GDM and those 1416 women with a previous live birth but no history of GDM. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were randomized to either standard lifestyle and placebo or metformin therapy or to an intensive lifestyle intervention. MAIN OUTCOMES: The primary outcome was the time to development of diabetes ascertained by semiannual fasting plasma glucose and annual oral glucose tolerance testing. Assessments of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity were also performed. RESULTS: Whereas entering the study with similar glucose levels, women with a history of GDM randomized to placebo had a crude incidence rate of diabetes 71% higher than that of women without such a history. Among women reporting a history of GDM, both intensive lifestyle and metformin therapy reduced the incidence of diabetes by approximately 50% compared with the placebo group, whereas this reduction was 49 and 14%, respectively in parous women without GDM. These data suggest that metformin may be more effective in women with a GDM history as compared with those without. CONCLUSIONS: Progression to diabetes is more common in women with a history of GDM compared with those without GDM history despite equivalent degrees of IGT at baseline. Both intensive lifestyle and metformin are highly effective in delaying or preventing diabetes in women with IGT and a history of GDM.
 Fetomaternal adrenomedullin levels in diabetic pregnancy;  We investigated whether maternal and fetoplacental adrenomedullin, a newly discovered hypotensive peptide involved in the insulin regulatory system, is modified in diabetic pregnancy. We studied its correlation with pregnancy complications associated with this disease. Thirty‐six pregnant women with diabetes (13 with type I and 23 with gestational diabetes mellitus) and in 40 uncomplicated pregnancies were included. 10 out of 36 diabetic pregnancies were complicated by gestational hypertension. In each woman, adrenomedullin concentration in maternal and fetal plasma and in amniotic fluid was assessed by specific radioimmunoassay. We found that overall mean amniotic fluid adrenomedullin concentration was higher (p < 0.05) in diabetic (14.7 +/‐ 1.6 fmol/ml) than in uncomplicated pregnancies (10.8 +/‐ 0.9 fmol/ml), whereas no differences were present in maternal and fetal plasma adrenomedullin levels between diabetic and uncomplicated pregnant women. High levels of amniotic fluid adrenomedullin were found in both type I and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (13.7 +/‐ 1.4 and 15.6 +/‐ 2.2 fmol/ml, respectively). Diabetic pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension showed lower (p < 0.05) amniotic fluid adrenomedullin concentrations than normotensive diabetic patients. These findings suggest that placental adrenomedullin production is upregulated in diabetic pregnancy, and it may be important to prevent excessive vasoconstriction of placental vessels.
 Maternal diabetes and intrapartum fetal electrocardiogram;  OBJECTIVE:  Fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) ST changes are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Our objective was to evaluate ST changes by maternal diabetic status and stage of labor. METHODS:  This was a secondary analysis of a multicentered randomized‐controlled trial in which laboring patients with singleton gestations underwent fetal ECG scalp electrode placement and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST‐segment readings. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes by the stage of labor. ECG tracings were categorized into mutually exclusive groups (ST depression, ST elevation without ST depression, or no ST changes). We compared participants with DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and no DM. RESULTS:  Of the 5,436 eligible individuals in the first stage of labor (95 with pregestational DM and 370 with GDM), 4,427 progressed to the second stage. ST depression occurred more frequently in the first stage of labor in participants with pregestational DM (15%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14‐4.24) and with GDM (9.5%, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02‐2.25) as compared with participants without DM (5.7%). The frequency of ST elevation was similar in participants with pregestational DM (33%, aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48‐1.30) and GDM (33.2%, aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71‐1.17) as compared with those without DM (34.2%). In the second stage, ST depression did not occur in participants with pregestational DM (0%) and occurred more frequently in participants with GDM (3.5%, aOR 2.01, 95% CI 1.02‐3.98) as compared with those without DM (2.0%). ST elevation occurred more frequently in participants with pregestational DM (30%, aOR 1.81, 95% CI 1.02‐3.22) but not with GDM (19.0%, aOR 1.06, 95% CI 0.77‐1.47) as compared with those without DM (17.8%). CONCLUSION:  ST changes in fetal ECG occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers during labor. CLINICALTRIALS: gov number, NCT01131260. PRECIS:  ST changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic parturients. KEY POINTS: · Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction occur frequently among fetuses of diabetic patients.. · Fetal ECG changes such as ST elevation and depression reflect cardiac hypoxia.. · Fetuses of diabetic patients demonstrate a higher prevalence of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes..
 Rationale and design of a type 2 diabetes prevention intervention for at-risk mothers and children at a Federally Qualified Healthcare Center: EPIC El Rio Families Study Protocol;  BACKGROUND: Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in mothers, and poor cardiovascular health among offspring. Identifying effective methods to mitigate T2DM risk has the potential to improve health outcomes for mothers with a history of GDM and their children. The goal of the EPIC El Rio Families Study is to implement and evaluate the effects of a 13‐week behavioral lifestyle intervention on T2DM risk factors in at‐risk mothers and their 8‐ to 12‐year‐old children. We describe herein the rationale for our specific approach, the adaption of the DPP‐based curriculum for delivery to patients of a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC), and the study design and methodology. METHODS: The effects of the intervention on reduction in excess body weight (primary outcome), hemoglobin A1c, blood pressure, and changes in lifestyle behaviors associated with weight trajectory and T2DM risk in mother‐child dyads will be evaluated during a 13‐week, group randomized trial wherein 60 mothers and their children will be recruited to the intervention or wait‐listed control conditions at one of two FQHC locations. Intervention participants (n = 30) will begin the group program immediately, whereas the wait‐listed controls (n = 30) will receive a booklet describing self‐guided strategies for behavior change. Associated program delivery costs, acceptability of the program to participants and FQHC staff, and potential for long‐term sustainability will also be evaluated. DISCUSSION: Successful completion in our aims will produce a scalable program with high potential for replication and dissemination, and estimated intervention effects to inform T2DM prevention efforts on families who use the FQHC system. The results from this study will be critical in developing a T2DM prevention model that can be implemented and scaled across FQHCs serving populations disproportionately burdened by T2DM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03781102 ; Date of registration: 19 December 2018.
 A novel smartphone app to change risk behaviors of women after gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled trial;  Aims Women after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are a risk group for cardiometabolic diseases but are hard to reach by conventional lifestyle programs. Therefore, we tested whether a novel, smartphone‐delivered intervention, TRIANGLE, is accepted by women after GDM and alters cardiometabolic risk behaviors and outcomes. TRIANGLE targets gradual habit change of mind and emotion, physical activity, nutrition, and sleep. Methods We conducted a 6‐month multicenter, randomized‐controlled trial of TRIANGLE versus standard care with 66 women 3–18 months after GDM in Germany. The primary outcome was the proportion of women achieving ≥3 out of 5 Diabetes Prevention Program goals, i.e. physical activity ≥150 min/week (moderate to high intensity), fiber intake ≥15 g/1,000 kcal, fat intake <30% of total energy intake, saturated fat intake <10% of total energy intake, and weight reduction ≥5% if BMI ≥23 kg/m2 or weight maintenance if BMI <23 kg/m2. Intervention participants also rated the TRIANGLE app in the Mobile Application Rating Scale (uMARS). Results In the predefined, modified intention‐to‐treat analysis including 64 women, 6 out of 27 women in the intervention group [22%(10–40)] and 3 out of 27 women in the control group [11%(3–27)] reached the primary outcome (p = 0.47). In the predefined per‐protocol intervention subgroup, the proportion was 4 out of 14 women [29%(11–55); p = 0.20 vs. control]. TRIANGLE app users were active on 42% of days and rated the app’s quality and perceived impact with 4.3±0.8 out of 5 uMARS points. Conclusions This first trial did not show the efficacy of the TRIANGLE intervention. However, the app was well accepted and considered helpful by most users. Therefore, this trial supports further development and testing of TRIANGLE and other app interventions for women after GDM. Additionally, it identifies necessary adaptations in trial design to better accommodate non‐intensive lifestyle interventions for this target group. Trial registration Trial registration at drks.de (DRKS00012996).
 A Pilot Randomised Controlled Trial of a Text Messaging Intervention with Customisation Using Linked Data from Wireless Wearable Activity Monitors to Improve Risk Factors Following Gestational Diabetes;  Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a highly prevalent disorder of pregnancy which portends a high risk for future type 2 diabetes. Limited evidence indicates lifestyle intervention prevents the development of diabetes, but most previously studied interventions are resource‐intensive. Intervention programs that utilise newer technologies may be scalable at lower cost. This 6‐month pilot randomized controlled trial tested the delivery of text messages linked to an activity monitor, adaptive physical activity goal setting, and limited face‐to‐face counseling, as an intervention to improve rates of post‐partum glucose tolerance testing and lifestyle behaviours amongst women following a GDM pregnancy. Sixty subjects were randomised 2:1 intervention vs. control. Compared to control subjects, there were trends for intervention subjects to improve diet, increase physical activity, and lose weight. There was no difference between the groups in the rate of glucose tolerance testing. Only 46 (77%) subjects completed some, and 19 subjects completed all the elements of the final evaluation. Feedback regarding the text messages and activity monitor was highly positive. Overall, results suggest that a text message and activity monitor intervention is feasible for a larger study or even as a potentially scalable population health intervention. However, low completion rates necessitate carefully considered modification of the protocol.
 Randomized trial of diet versus diet plus cardiovascular conditioning on glucose levels in gestational diabetes;  We studied the impact of a training program on glucose tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (N = 19) were randomized into either group I, a 6‐week diet alone group (24 to 30 kcal/kg/24 hours; 20% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 40% fat), or group II, which followed the same diet plus exercise (20 minutes three times a week for 6 weeks). An arm ergometer was used to maintain heart rate in the training range. Glycemic response was monitored by glycosylated hemoglobin, a 50 gm oral glucose challenge with a fasting and 1‐hour plasma glucose, and blood glucose self‐monitoring, fasting and 1 hour after meals. Week 1 glycemic parameters were the same for both groups. Week 6 data (mean +/‐ SD) were as follows: group I glycosylated hemoglobin, 4.7% + 0.2% versus group II, 4.2% +/‐ 0.2%; p less than 0.001. The group I glucose challenge fasting value was 87.6 +/‐ 6.2 versus 70.1 +/‐ 6.6 mg/dl, p less than 0.001 for group II. The group I 1‐hour plasma glucose challenge result was 187.5 +/‐ 12.9 mg/dl versus 105.9 +/‐ 18.9 mg/dl for group II, p less than 0.001. The glycemic levels diverged between the groups at week 4. We conclude that arm ergometer training is feasible in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and results in lower glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting, and 1‐hour plasma glucose concentrations than diet alone. Arm ergometer training may provide a useful treatment option for women with gestational diabetes mellitus and may obviate insulin treatment.
 A Randomized Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial Investigating the Effect of Fish Oil Supplementation on Gene Expression Related to Insulin Action, Blood Lipids, and Inflammation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Fish Oil Supplementation and Gestational Diabetes;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega‐3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18‐40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT‐PCR) method. Results of RT‐PCR indicated that omega‐3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor gamma (PPAR‐γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low‐density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin‐1 (IL‐1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega‐3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega‐3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL‐8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR‐γ, IL‐1, and TNF‐α, but not gene expression of IL‐8.
 Fish Oil Supplementation in Women With Gestational Diabetes;  Gestational diabetes is the development of diabetes during pregnancy. According to the National Institutes of Health, gestational diabetes occurs in about 5 percent of all pregnancies in the United States, resulting in about 200,000 cases a year. Treatment involves dietary measures, exercise and, in some cases, insulin injections. All pregnant women should be taking a prescribed pre‐natal vitamin, and should also supplement with fish oil or another source of omega‐3 fatty acids to help support the nervous system of their developing child. Left untreated, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia can lead to serious ‐‐ or even fatal ‐‐ complications for both mother and child. In diabetic pregnancies there is an increased risk of birth defects. Some evidence suggesting omega‐3 fatty acids might help protect women from two serious pregnancy complications ‐‐ gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Omega‐3 fatty acids, in particular Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), help a pregnant woman give her developing baby every advantage in life starting in‐utero. In general the omega‐3 fatty acids found in fish help the cardiovascular system, the brain (including moods), and even the brain and eyes of a developing baby. The risk of pre‐term delivery and low birth weight is three and a half times higher when mothers are deficient in DHA. Recent studies suggested that the biologic processes underlying the observed associations may involve epigenetic changes, specifically DNA methylation. In this study the investigators aimed to examine the effect of fish oil supplementation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus on newborn outcomes and insulin like growth factor 1 DNA methylation.
 Gestational diabetes: a condition of early diastolic abnormalities in young women;  BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and atherosclerotic disease. We examined the effect of GDM on cardiac diastolic function. METHODS: Diastolic function was evaluated by serial Doppler echocardiography with pulsed tissue Doppler imaging in 13 patients with GDM and 13 healthy pregnant women (control group) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after 8 weeks postpartum. Diagnostic criteria for GDM were those as recommended by the American Diabetes Association. Exclusion criteria were any disease or condition that could interfere with diastolic function. Measurements at both times in each group were compared by paired t tests and changes of patients with diabetes were compared with those in control patients by unpaired t tests. RESULTS: There were no differences in age, left ventricular mass, or systolic function between groups. The Doppler parameters that showed significant difference between groups were higher atrial contraction wave (A wave) (P = .008) and lower rapid filling wave (E)/A ratio (P = .006) in diabetic group, on both occasions. Tissue Doppler parameters showed a significant decrease in Em (P = .002) and early mitral annulus velocity (Em)/late mitral annulus velocity (Am) (P = .008) in diabetic group on both occasions, and the Am wave remained increased only in the diabetic group at postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with GDM showed a different diastolic function profile, suggesting a mild degree of diastolic abnormality. The persistence of some abnormalities postpartum corroborates our hypothesis of an early cardiovascular involvement in this group, enhancing the need of a close cardiovascular follow‐up of these patients.
 Lowering dietary glycaemic index through nutrition education among Malaysian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus;  Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risks for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Low glycaemic index (GI) diets improve cardio‐metabolic outcomes in insulin‐resistant individuals. We examined the feasibility of lowering GI through GI‐based‐education among Asian post‐GDM women. Methods: A 3‐month investigation was carried out on 60 Malaysian women with a mean age of 31.0+4.5 years and a history of GDM. Subjects were randomised into two groups: LGIE and CHDR. The CHDR group received conventional healthy dietary recommendations only. The LGIE group received GI based‐education in addition to conventional healthy dietary recommendations. At baseline and after 3‐months, dietary intake of energy and macronutrient intakes including GI diet and glycaemic load was assessed using 3‐day food records. Diabetes‐Diet and GI‐concept scores and physical activity levels were assessed using a questionnaire. Adherence to dietary instructions was measured at the end of 3 months. Results: At the end of 3 months, the LGIE group had significant reductions in energy intake (241.7+522.4Kcal, P=0.037, ES=0.463), total carbohydrate (48.7+83.5g, P=0.010, ES=0.583), GI (3.9+7.1, P=0.017, ES=0.549) and GL (39.0+55.3, P=0.003, ES=0.705) and significant increases in protein (3.7+5.4g, 0.003, ES=0.685) and diet fibre (4.6+7.3g, P=0.06). The CHDR group had a significant reduction in fat only (5.7+9.4g, P=0.006, ES=0.606). There was a 30% increase in GI‐concept scores in the LGIE group (p< 0.001). Changes in GI‐concept scores correlated significantly to the reduction in dietary GI (r = ‐0.642, P=0.045). Dietary adherence was comparable in both groups. Conclusion: GI‐education improves GI‐concept knowledge and helps lower dietary glycaemic index among women with a history of GDM.
 Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post‐GDM women have a life‐time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high‐risk individuals. METHODS/DESIGN: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA‐DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post‐GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12‐month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two‐week intervals, and two follow‐up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self‐reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. DISCUSSION: This study aims to show whether MAGDA‐DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post‐GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN 12610000338066.
 Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post‐GDM women have a life‐time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high‐risk individuals. METHODS/DESIGN: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA‐DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post‐GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12‐month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two‐week intervals, and two follow‐up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self‐reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. DISCUSSION: This study aims to show whether MAGDA‐DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post‐GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN 12610000338066.
 A randomised placebo-controlled trial of the effectiveness of early metformin in addition to usual care in the reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus effects (EMERGE): study protocol;  Background: Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. Current treatments for GDM involve initial medical nutritional therapy (MNT) and exercise and pharmacotherapy in those with persistent hyperglycaemia. Insulin is considered first‐line pharmacotherapy but is associated with hypoglycaemia, excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and an increased caesarean delivery rate. Metformin is safe in selected groups of women with GDM but is not first‐line therapy in many guidelines due to a lack of long‐term data on efficacy. The EMERGE trial will evaluate the effectiveness of early initiation of metformin in GDM. Methods: EMERGE is a phase III, superiority, parallel, 1:1 randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of metformin versus placebo initiated by 28 weeks (+6 days) plus usual care. Women aged 18–50 years will be recruited. Women with established diabetes, multiple pregnancies, known major congenital malformation or small for gestational age (<10th centile), intolerance or contraindication to the use of metformin, shock or sepsis, current gestational hypertension or pre‐eclampsia, significant gastrointestinal problems, congestive heart failure, severe mental illness or galactose intolerance are excluded. Intervention: Immediate introduction of metformin or placebo in addition to MNT and usual care. Metformin is initiated at 500mg/day and titrated to a maximum dose of 2500mg over 10 days. Women are followed up at 4 and 12 weeks post‐partum to assess maternal and neonatal outcomes. The composite primary outcome measure is initiation of insulin or fasting blood glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/L at gestational weeks 32 or 38. The secondary outcomes are the time to insulin initiation and insulin dose required; maternal morbidity at delivery; mode and time of delivery; postpartum glucose status; insulin resistance; postpartum body mass index (BMI); gestational weight gain; infant birth weight; neonatal height and head circumference at delivery; neonatal morbidities (neonatal care unit admission, respiratory distress, jaundice, congenital anomalies, Apgar score); neonatal hypoglycaemia; cost‐effectiveness; treatment acceptability and quality of life determined by the EQ5D‐5L scale. Discussion: The EMERGE trial will determine the effectiveness and safety of early and routine use of metformin in GDM. Trial registration: EudraCT Number 2016‐001644‐19l; NCT NCT02980276. Registered on 6 June 2017.
 Investigation and management of diabetes during pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Yoga: Yoga module for cardiovascular risks Total duration of yoga sessions‐ 12 weeks Supervised session will be conducted once a month when they come for regular antenatal checkup, rest of the days they are advised to practice at home two times a day Control Intervention1: No intervention: GDM without yoga CONDITION: Health Condition 1: O244‐ Gestational diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the effect of supplementing yoga on cardiometabolic risks among pregnant women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. ; To assess the effect of supplementing yoga on fetomaternal outcomes among pregnant women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus ; Timepoint: 2 time points. ; Initially as soon as the subjects are recruited and 2nd time assessment will be done at 36th weeks of gestation SECONDARY OUTCOME: To identify the association of cardiometabolic risks with fetomaternal outcomes among pregnant women with GDMTimepoint: 24‐36 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: Newly diagnosed GDM cases The upper limit of gestational age of GDM cases is 28th completed week of gestation Women with GDM receiving insulin and/or oral anti‐diabetic drugs (cases and controls) Women with GDM willing to practice yoga (only for cases)
 Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for MySweetHeart Trial, a randomised controlled trial;  INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries prenatal and perinatal risk for the mother and her offspring as well as longer‐term risks for both the mother (obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease) and her child (obesity, type 2 diabetes). Compared with women without GDM, women with GDM are twice as likely to develop perinatal or postpartum depression. Lifestyle interventions for GDM are generally limited to physical activity and/or nutrition, often focus separately on the mother or the child and take place either during or after pregnancy, while their results are inconsistent. To increase efficacy of intervention, the multifactorial origins of GDM and the tight link between mental and metabolic as well as maternal and child health need to be heeded. This calls for an interdisciplinary transgenerational approach starting in, but continuing beyond pregnancy. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This randomised controlled trial will assess the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention aimed at improving the metabolic and mental health of 200 women with GDM and their offspring. Women with GDM at 24‐32 weeks gestational age who understand French or English, and their offspring and partners can participate. The intervention components will be delivered on top of usual care during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. Metabolic and mental health outcomes will be measured at 24‐32 weeks of pregnancy, shortly after birth and at 6‐8 weeks and 1 year after childbirth. Data will be analysed using intention‐to‐treat analyses. The MySweetHeart Trial is linked to the MySweetHeart Cohort (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974). ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: We will disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer‐reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02890693; Pre‐results.
 Randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the before the BEGINNING trial;  Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods and analysis This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18‐39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate‐based app and corresponds to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time‐restricted eating (≤ 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6‐8 weeks post partum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the € intention to treat' principle using linear mixed models. Ethics and dissemination The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results. Trial registration number Clinical trial gov NCT04585581.
 Effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring's myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age;  Purpose Scientific evidence on the long‐term impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring’s myocardial relaxation is scarce. Studies have linked GDM with transient ventricular hypertrophy in newborns resulting in diastolic dysfunction, but long‐term assessment is lacking. The main objective of this study was to evaluate myocardial relaxation in 3‐year‐old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. Methods We prospectively assessed myocardial relaxation by echocardiography imaging on 106 children at 3 years of age. Subjects were divided into 3 groups [GDM, insulin resistance (IR) and normoglycemic (CTRL)], based on their mother’s 75g‐OGTT and HOMA‐IR results at second trimester screening. We collected information on children adiposity and body size, maternal characteristics and maternal and cord blood measurement of C‐peptide and insulin. Results The study population comprised 29 children from GDM mothers, 36 children from IR mothers and 41 CTRL children. Compared to the CTRL group, we found that a higher proportion of children in the IR group and the GDM group met the criteria for impaired myocardial relaxation, but this did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio adjusted for heart rate and body surface area of 1.4 [0.2–9.5] and 3.5 [0.6–20.6], respectively). Conclusion We did not detect an increased risk of impaired myocardial relaxation at three years of age in children exposed in‐utero to IR and GDM, compared to children from normoglycemic mothers.
 Comparison of metformin and insulin in treatment of gestational diabetes;  INTERVENTION: for insulin group : NPH and regular Insulin , 0.5 U/kg daily in 2/3morning and1/3 night,sc,untill end of pregnancy for metformin group:tablet metformin 500mg,1‐5daily,oral,untill end of pregnancy Intervention 1: for metformin group:tablet metformin 500mg,1‐5daily,oral,untill end of pregnancy. Intervention 2: for insulin group : NPH and regular Insulin , 0.5 U/kg daily in 2/3morning and1/3 night,sc,untill end of pregnancy. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, unspecified Gestational diabetes mellitus. ; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Macrosomia. Timepoint: post partum. Method of measurement: Weighting of newborn ,gram with SECA scale. Post partum hypoglycemia. Timepoint: 3 first post partum houre. Method of measurement: Newborn blood sampling of Bs mg/dl. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Admitting to neonatal unit. Timepoint: untill 1 week after delivery. Method of measurement: admition in neonatal unit. Fetal anomaly. Timepoint: post partum. Method of measurement: Observe and physical exam of newborn. Neonatal icter. Timepoint: until 1 week after delivery. Method of measurement: Newborn bilirubin blood sampling mg/dl. Respiratory distress. Timepoint: until 24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Observe and physical exam of newborn. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Gestational diabet in Iranian women, the age of 18‐45 years, singleton pregnancy , gestational age of 24‐34 weeks ,no history of previous diabetes mellitus. Exclusion criteria: Previous diabetes mellitus before pregnancy, liver dysfunction, renal dysfunction, intra uterine growth restriction, fetal anomaly, premature rupture of membrane, acute respiratory failure and congestive heart failure in mother
 Prevention of gestational diabetes: design of a cluster-randomized controlled trial and one-year follow-up;  BACKGROUND: Annual prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is 12.5% among Finnish pregnant women. The prevalence is expected to rise with the increasing overweight among women before pregnancy. Physical activity and diet are both known to have favourable effects on insulin resistance and possibly on the risk of GDM. We aimed to investigate, whether GDM can be prevented by counseling on diet, physical activity and gestational weight gain during pregnancy. METHODS/DESIGN: A cluster‐randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in the southern part of Finland. Pairwise randomization was performed in order to take into account socioeconomic differences. Recruited women were at 8‐12 weeks' gestation and fulfilled at least one of the following criteria: body mass index>or=25 kg/m2, history of earlier gestational glucose intolerance or macrosomic newborn (>4500 g), age>or=40 years, first or second degree relative with history of type 1 or 2 diabetes. Main exclusion criterion was pathological oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 8‐12 weeks' gestation. The trial included one counseling session on physical activity at 8‐12 weeks' gestation and one for diet at 16‐18 weeks' gestation, and three to four booster sessions during other routine visits. In the control clinics women received usual care. Information on height, weight gain and other gestational factors was obtained from maternity cards. Physical activity, dietary intake and quality of life were followed by questionnaires during pregnancy and at 1‐year postpartum. Blood samples for lipid status, hormones, insulin and OGTT were taken at 8‐12 and 26‐28 weeks' gestation and 1 year postpartum. Workability and return to work were elicited by a questionnaire at 1‐ year postpartum. Linkage to the national birth register of years 2007‐2009 will provide information on perinatal complications and GDM incidence among the non‐participants of the study. Cost‐effectiveness evaluation will be based on quality‐adjusted life years. This study has received ethical approval from the Ethical board of Pirkanmaa Hospital District. DISCUSSION: The study will provide information on the effectiveness and cost‐effectiveness of gestational physical activity and dietary counseling on prevention of GDM in a risk group of women. Also information on the prevalence of GDM and postpartum metabolic syndrome will be gained. Results on maintaining the possible health behaviour changes are important in order to prevent chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered ISRCTN 33885819.
 Prediction of uncomplicated pregnancies in obese women: a prospective multicentre study;  BACKGROUND: All obese pregnant women are considered at equal high risk with respect to complications in pregnancy and birth, and are commonly managed through resource‐intensive care pathways. However, the identification of maternal characteristics associated with normal pregnancy outcomes could assist in the management of these pregnancies. The present study aims to identify the factors associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth in obese women, and to assess their predictive performance. METHODS: Data form obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) with singleton pregnancies included in the UPBEAT trial were used in this analysis. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify sociodemographic, clinical and biochemical factors at 15+0 to 18+6 weeks' gestation associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth, defined as delivery of a term live‐born infant without antenatal or labour complications. Predictive performance was assessed using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC). Internal validation and calibration were also performed. Women were divided into fifths of risk and pregnancy outcomes were compared between groups. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated using the upper fifth as the positive screening group. RESULTS: Amongst 1409 participants (BMI 36.4, SD 4.8 kg/m2), the prevalence of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth was 36% (505/1409). Multiparity and increased plasma adiponectin, maternal age, systolic blood pressure and HbA1c were independently associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. These factors achieved an AUROC of 0.72 (0.68‐0.76) and the model was well calibrated. Prevalence of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, and postpartum haemorrhage decreased whereas spontaneous vaginal delivery increased across the fifths of increasing predicted risk of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were 38%, 89%, 63% and 74%, respectively. A simpler model including clinical factors only (no biomarkers) achieved an AUROC of 0.68 (0.65‐0.71), with sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of 31%, 86%, 56% and 69%, respectively. CONCLUSION: Clinical factors and biomarkers can be used to help stratify pregnancy and delivery risk amongst obese pregnant women. Further studies are needed to explore alternative pathways of care for obese women demonstrating different risk profiles for uncomplicated pregnancy and birth.
 Metformin improved lipid profiles in women with gestational diabetes in the first six weeks postpartum;  OBJECTIVE: Although gestational diabetes (GDM) resolves postpartum, women with retained gestational weight and obesity are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Pregnancy is associated with a total increase in cholesterol and lipoproteins (HDL and LDL). Postpartum, LDL increases and HDL decreases. Reduced levels of gherlin are associated with obesity and reduced leptin with weight change. Oxidized LDL (ox‐LDL) is a marker of oxidative stress‐related inflammation and the risk of development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Cardiovascular protection and weight loss are known benefits from metformin, especially in women with diabetes. The objective of this study was to compare changes in lipid profiles and biomarkers for obesity and weight change in the first 6 weeks postpartum among women with GDM treated with metformin or placebo. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial of metformin versus placebo in women with GDM. Blood samples were collected within 24 hours of delivery and at 6 weeks postpartum. A change in the median plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL, oxidized LDL, glucose, insulin, leptin, and ghrelin were compared between groups using Mann Whitney U. RESULTS: A total of 77 women were included, 35 in the metformin group and 42 in the placebo. In the primary study, there was no difference in weight change between groups. The reduction in HDL was significantly less in the metformin group compared to placebo. In contrast, the reduction in ox‐LDL was significantly increased in metformin versus placebo. There was no difference in total cholesterol, glucose, insulin, gherlin and leptin between groups. Table 1. CONCLUSION: In the first six weeks postpartum, lipid alterations from pregnancy are restored in GDM women who received metformin compared to placebo. However, metformin had no effect on gherlin and leptin levels. (Table Presented).
 Estudio Parto: postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol;  BACKGROUND: Diabetes and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the U.S. with rates consistently higher among Hispanics as compared to non‐Hispanic whites. Among Hispanic women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 50% will go on to develop type 2 diabetes within 5 years of the index pregnancy. Although randomised controlled trials among adults with impaired glucose tolerance have shown that diet and physical activity reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes, such programs have not been tested in high‐risk postpartum women. The overall goal of this randomised controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually‐tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among postpartum Hispanic women with a history of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. METHODS/DESIGN: Hispanic pregnant women who screen positive for GDM will be recruited and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Health & Wellness (control) Intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in‐person, telephone, and mailed materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from late pregnancy (29 weeks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific cultural and environmental challenges faced by low‐income Hispanic women. Assessments will be conducted at enrollment, and at 6‐weeks, 6‐months, and 12‐months postpartum by trained bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy will be assessed via postpartum weight loss and biomarkers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Changes in physical activity and diet will be measured via 7‐day actigraph data and three unannounced 24‐hour dietary recalls at each assessment time period. DISCUSSION: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and have the highest rates of sedentary behavior and postpartum diabetes after a diagnosis of GDM. This randomised trial uses a high‐reach, low‐cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01679210.
 Prehypertension prior to or during early pregnancy is associated with increased risk for hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and gestational diabetes;  Objective: To examine whether and to what extent pre/ early‐pregnancy blood pressure (BP) in the prehypertensive range contributes to the development of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The cohort consisted of women who had their prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at the Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center during 2005‐2010. Women with prepregnancy hypertension (HTN) were excluded from the analysis. Among the remaining women, pre/early‐pregnancy prehypertension (preHTN) was defined as two consecutive elevated BPs (SBP≥120 or DBP≥80) at separate ambulatory visits in the period from 1 year prior to pregnancy through the first trimester. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, including pre‐eclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E), were identified by ICD‐9 diagnoses. Mid‐pregnancy 75‐g oral glucose tolerance tests were used to identify GDM. Multivariable logistic and robust Poisson regression was used to test the association between preHTN and each outcome, adjusted for potential confounders. Results: Among 7802 women with at least two BP measures prior to or early in pregnancy, 2156 (27.6%) had preHTN. Overall, 653 (8.4%) developed a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, 373 (4.8%) had PE/E, and 1877 (24.1%) developed GDM. After covariate adjustment, women with preHTN were 2.65 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.22‐3.16], 2.17 (95% CI 1.72‐2.73), and 1.20 (95% CI 1.09‐1.33) times as likely to develop any hypertensive disorder, PE/E, and GDM, respectively, compared to normotensive women. Conclusion: Prospective studies aimed at evaluating whether women with preHTN detected prior to or early in pregnancy may benefit from more intensive screening and/ or interventions to prevent hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and GDM are needed.
 Fetal heart rate and umbilical artery velocity variability in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus;  OBJECTIVES: To examine the variability in fetal heart rate and absolute flow velocity, which are possible hemodynamic markers of cardiovascular homeostasis in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Doppler studies of umbilical artery velocity waveforms were performed at 12‐21 weeks of gestation in 16 women with well‐controlled type I (insulin‐dependent) diabetes mellitus. From umbilical artery velocity waveforms of at least 13 s in duration, we determined absolute values and beat‐to‐beat variability for fetal heart rate and umbilical artery flow velocities and compared these findings with normal controls matched for gestational age. RESULTS: Fetuses of diabetic women displayed increased fetal heart rate variability and umbilical artery peak systolic velocity. Fetal heart rate, umbilical artery time‐averaged velocity and variability in umbilical artery flow velocity were not essentially different between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Fetal heart rate variability and umbilical artery peak systolic velocity may be markers for fetal cardiovascular homeostasis in pregnancies complicated by insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus.
 Therapeutic exercise for insulin-requiring gestational diabetics: effects on the fetus--results of a randomized prospective longitudinal study;  Regular physical activity is an established therapeutic adjunct in diabetes, but has not been offered to pregnant diabetics in the past; for sports might induce significant cardiovascular and hormonal changes that are able to reduce blood flow to the uterus and thus limit oxygen transfer to the fetus. Studying the impact of a medically supervised exercise program on gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM) in a randomised prospective longitudinal study, this paper aims to assess the effects of maternal moderate and strenuous exercise on the fetus. By evaluating shortterm fetal responses as reflected in heart rate patterns (FHR) and longterm‐pregnancy complications and neonatal outcome, our results suggest that‐‐in absence of ominous FHR changes or significant changes in uterine activity following the exercise sessions or increased diabetes‐related peri‐ and neonatal morbidity‐‐regular physical activity seems to be a safe therapeutic option for the fetus of GDM mothers.
 Feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease;  Objectives: To evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of a postpartum lifestyle intervention after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction (FGR) and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to improve maternal risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease. Methods: Women following a complicated pregnancy were included six months postpartum in this specific pre‐post controlled designed study. It has been conducted in one tertiary and three secondary care hospitals (intervention group) and one secondary care hospital (control group). The program consisted of a computer‐tailored health education program combined with three individual counselling sessions during seven months. Primary outcome measures were the proportion of eligible women and weight change during the intervention. Results: Two hundred and six women were willing to participate. The proportion of eligible women who complied with the intervention was 23%. Major barrier was lack of time. Adjusted weight change attributed to lifestyle intervention was −1.9 kg (95%‐CI −4.3 to −0.3). Further changes were BMI (‐0.9 kg/m2 (95%‐CI −1.4 to −0.3)), waist‐to‐hip ratio (−0.04 cm/cm (95%‐CI −0.06 to −0.03)), blood pressure medication use (19% (95%‐CI 9% to 28%)), HOMA2‐score (59 %S (95%‐CI 18 to 99)) and total fat intake (−2.9 gr (95%‐CI −4.6 to −1.2)). Conclusions: The results support feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve maternal cardiometabolic risk factors. Further randomized controlled studies are needed with longer follow‐up to evaluate durability. In the meantime, we suggest health care professionals to offer lifestyle interventions to women after complicated pregnancies.
 Impact of clinical pharmacists intervention on management of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in Jordan;  Background and objective Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and postpartum (PP) diabetes. This study aimed to assess the impact of the clinical pharmacist‐assisted program (CPAP) of optimizing drug therapy and intensive education on main management outcome measures of patient knowledge about diabetes, Quality of life (QoL) as measured by SF‐36 including maternal complications, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) control, and HbA1c. Method This is a randomized controlled study. Pregnant (20‐28 weeks) patients with hyperglycemia received CPAP (n = 51) as compared with conventional management (n = 34). Patients were then followed up for 6 weeks pp. Results A significant change was shown in the intervention group for diabetes knowledge (3.47% vs. control 2.03%, P < 0.05) and three aspects of health‐related QoL. The need for caesarian delivery (58.8% vs. control 35.3%) and severe episodes of hypoglycemia (0% vs. control 8.8%) were significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the intervention group. Six weeks PP reduction in HbA1c values was greater in the intervention group (‐ 0.54% vs. control ‐ 0.08%, P = 0.04) with more FPG‐controlled patients during pregnancy (94% vs. control 64.7%). Conclusion Clinical pharmacist assisted services in the management of pregnancy hyperglycemia fundamentally and significantly improve knowledge and disease control.
 Effects of structured exercise on HbA1c level in gestational diabetes mellitus-- a pilot study;  Objectives: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Singapore is on the rise, according to a local cohort (GUSTO) study. Most of the current literature of Type 2 diabetes mellitus demonstrate that lifestyle interventions such as exercise sufficiently control hyperglycemia. Exercise improves the uptake of glucose in working muscles. This small‐scale, preliminary study aims to compare the effects of structured exercise with conventional management of GDM on HbA1c levels in women with GDM. Method: Ten women with newly diagnosed GDM in KKH were randomised to exercise group (n=5) or non‐exercise group (n=5). Participants in the exercise group received patient education on the role of exercise in glycaemic control and attended structured exercise group class once weekly for 8 weeks. All participants received conventional GDM management in KKH (including dietary advice and education on the use of bedside capillary blood sugar test). A pedometer was given to both groups to track their daily physical activity levels. Hba1c levels were measured at baseline and after 8 weeks of structured exercises. Results: HbA1c levels of the exercise (intervention) group (4.80% to 4.90%; p=0.72) did not increase significantly after 8 weeks. But HbA1c levels of the non‐exercise group increase significantly from 5.10% to 5.38%; p=0.048. There is also a significant difference of HbA1c levels between the non‐exercise group and exercise group after 8 weeks of exercise (5.38% vs 4.90%; p=0.04). BMI, average daily steps and average daily blood glucose for both before and after meal did not differ significantly between both groups. Conclusions: The preliminary result shows that when women with GDM undergo 8 weeks of structured exercises, they demonstrated better glycaemic control, hence no significant increase in Hba1c level after 8 weeks. Better control of GDM during pregnancy may result in lower maternal and fetal complications. Long‐term benefits of improved GDM control may include decreased risk of cardiovascular disease, GDM in subsequent pregnancy, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and childhood obesity.
 The impact of liraglutide on glucose tolerance and the risk of type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Victoza Pharmaceutical Form: Suspension for injection in pre‐filled pen INN or Proposed INN: LIRAGLUTIDE CAS Number: 204656‐20‐2 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 1.8‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Suspension for injection in pre‐filled pen Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use CONDITION: Gestational diabetes mellitus Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10018210 Term: Gestational diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 100000004868 ; MedDRA version: 20.1 Level: PT Classification code 10029530 Term: Non‐alcoholic fatty liver System Organ Class: 10019805 ‐ Hepatobiliary disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nutritional and Metabolic Diseases [C18] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate the effect of the glucagon‐like peptide‐1 receptor agonist liraglutide on patophysiological characteristics and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Primary end point(s): Primary endpoint is the change in glucose tolerance from baseline to week 52 as measured by area under the curve (AUC) for the PG excursion following a 4‐hour 75 g‐oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Additional endpoints regarding glucose tolerance includes changes from baseline to week 53 (after trial medication wash‐out) and at end of the study (260 weeks and 261 weeks (liraglutide‐treated). Secondary Objective: To investigate if liraglutide has an effect on appetite which is different during OGTT and IIGI, if liraglutide improves the subjects' quality of life and bone mineral density. ; To investigate if the quality of life in women with prior GDM and non‐alcoholic fatty liver (NAFLD) is better or worse than women with prior GDM without NAFLD, women without prior GDM and without NAFLD and women with NAFLD who attend an outpatient clinic due to their liver disease. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 52, 53, 260, and 261 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1) Percentage of subjects in each treatment arm with normal glucose tolerance (NGT: FPG = 6.0 mM and 2h PG < 7.8 mM) at inclusion who develop prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose (IFG): (6.1 mM = fasting PG (FPG) < 7.0 mM and 2h PG after 75 g‐OGTT < 7.8 mM) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT): (FPG < 6.1 mM and 7.8 mM = 2h PG after 75 g‐OGTT = 11.0 mM) or T2DM (FPG= 7mM or 2h PG = 11.1 mM) ; 2) Improvement in glycaemic status, as percentage of patients in each treatment arm going from:; • IFG to normal glucose tolerance (FPG = 6.0 mM and 2h PG < 7.8 mM); • IGT to NGT; • Combined IFG and IGT to IFG, IGT, or NGT; 3) Progression of isolated IFG or isolated IGT (at inclusion) to combined IFG/IGT or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and progression of combined IFG/IGT (at inclusion) to T2DM; 4) Changes in glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) as percentage of patients who progress from:; • Normoglycaemic to prediabetic (HbA1c <6.0 ? 6.0‐6.4); • Normoglycaemic to T2DM (HbA1c <6.0 ? = 6.5) ; • Prediabetic to T2DM (HbA1c 6.0‐6.4 ? = 6.5); or improves from:; • Prediabetic to normoglycaemic (HbA1c 6.0‐6.4 ? <6.0); 5) Changes in anthropometric measurements (BMI, absolute body weight (kg) and waist:hip ratio); 6) Changes in beta cell secretory responses (AUC for insulin and C‐peptide) during OGTT and IIGI, the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) and pro‐insulin to insulin ratio) ; 7) Changes in insulin sensitivity (assessment of insulin resistance (HOMAIR ) and Matsuda insulin sensitivity index); 8) Changes in incretin hormone secretion (fasting plasma concentrations and plasma responses of GLP‐1, GLP‐2 and GIP) and plasma glucagon during OGTT; 9) Changes in incretin effect (insulin and C‐peptide responses after OGTT vs. IIGI); 10) Changes in gamma‐glutamyltransferase (GGT), intra‐hepatic fat, whole body and visceral fat mass/fat‐free mass, circulating lipids and cardiovascular biomarkers (e.g.highly sensitive C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), N‐terminal prohormone of brain natriuretic peptide (NT‐proBNP), tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐a), adiponectin and plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1) and RNA‐oxidation); 11) Changes in gut microbiota (optional to the main protocol); 12) Changes in subjective appetite (measured by visual analogue scale (VAS)); 13) Safety and tolerability ; 14) Evaluation of QoL will be judged by validated questionnaires; 15) Evaluation of alcohol consumption will be judged by validated questionnaires; 16) Evaluation of the predictive value of biomarkers for detection of microalbuminuria ; 17) Evaluation of blindedness of participant and investigators by questionnaire and the end of the blinded part of the trial; 18) Changes in bone markers; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: All secondary endpoints will be assessed as changes from baseline until 52 weeks, and until end of the study (260 weeks). In addition, some endpoints (including 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12 and 18 ‐ above) will also be assessed as changes from baseline until week 53 and week 261 (after trial medication wash‐out). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women with previous GDM: • Informed oral and written consent • Previous diagnosis of GDM according to current Danish guidelines (plasma glucose concentration at 120 min after 75 g oral glucose tolerance test =9.0 mM) during pregnancy within the last 10 years • Age >18 years • 25 kg/m2 < body mass index < 45 kg/m2 • Normal glucose tolerance (NGT), impaired fasting glycaemia (IFG), or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) • Safe contraception and negative pregnancy test Women without previous GDM • Informed oral and written consent • Normal glucose tolerance (fasting PG = 6.0 mM and PG concentration at 120 min after 75 g‐OGTT < 7.8 mM) • Age >18 years • 25 kg/m2 < BMI < 45 kg/m2 • Pregnancy within the last ten years without GDM Women without previous GDM and without NAFLD • Informed oral and written consent • Normal glucose tolerance (fasting PG < 6.1 mM and HbA1c < 43 mmol/mol) • Age >18 years • 25 kg/m2 < BMI
 Administrative intervention to support testing after gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: The intervention consists of personalised administrative assistance to attend the recommended postpartum 6‐week GP review and undergo recommended postpartum testing after gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) in keeping with current recommendations. This will include: 1. Booking the appointment with the participants GP at a day and time of their choosing 2. Provision of pathology forms for oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (if GDM); and for 24 hour blood pressure monitor, urinary protein:creatinine ratio and blood tests for fasting lipids and glucose (if HDP). 4. Booking of OGTT (if GDM) at pathology centre of participants choice at 12 weeks postpartum. The participant will be provided with a single page summary of the appointments. The personalised administrative assistance is provided by the PhD student investigator on the study team. This is provided either at or after 36 weeks for those recruited antenatally, and within one week postpartum for those recruited postpartum. Fidelity to the intervention will be assessed primarily at the four month survey for all participants. A subset will also undergo validation by correspondence with the participants GP, for those who provide consent to do so during the participant recruitment and consent process. Validation involves the following: no active participation from participants. Contact with consenting participants' primary care practitioner will be performed for this subset, and data on a. whether a si Xweek visit was performed; b. whether an OGTT or other diabetes screening test has been performed postpartum, and when (for those with GDM); and c. whether additional testing after hypertensive disorder in pregnancy has been performed, and whic CONDITION: Cardiovascular ‐ Hypertension Gestational diabetes mellitus;Hypertensive disorder in pregnancy; ; Gestational diabetes mellitus ; Hypertensive disorder in pregnancy Metabolic and Endocrine ‐ Diabetes Reproductive Health and Childbirth ‐ Fetal medicine and complications of pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Uptake of recommended postpartum testing (OGTT, recommended testing for HDP)[Postpartum survey at four months postpartum, with self‐reporting of uptake of recommended testing by participants. A subgroup will also undergo further validation through correspondence with their GP.; ; This survey has been designed specifically for this study. 4 months post‐delivery.] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Planning to receive all antenatal care at site of study recruitment Diagnosed with HDP or GDM at any point during pregnancy SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Attendance at si Xweek check[Postpartum survey at four months postpartum, with self‐reporting of uptake of recommended testing by participants. A subgroup will also undergo further validation through correspondence with their GP. ; ; This survey has been designed specifically for this survey. 4 months post‐delivery] 2. Comparison of uptake of postpartum care between groups with GDP and HDP[Postpartum survey at four months postpartum, with self‐reporting of uptake of recommended testing by participants. A subgroup will also undergo further validation through correspondence with their GP. ; ; This survey has been designed specifically for this survey. Four months post‐delivery] 3. Attitudes towards intervention among participants in intervention arm[Short survey designed specifically for this study Four months post‐delivery] 4. Recollection of being asked about mental health during postpartum visit[Survey question designed specifically for this study Four months post‐delivery]
 Maternal and neonatal circulating markers of metabolic and cardiovascular risk in the metformin in gestational diabetes (MiG) trial: responses to maternal metformin versus insulin treatment;  OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to compare glucose, lipids, and C‐reactive protein (CRP) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin or insulin and in cord plasma of their offspring and to examine how these markers relate to infant size at birth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus were randomly assigned to metformin or insulin in the Metformin in Gestational Diabetes trial. Fasting maternal plasma glucose, lipids, and CRP were measured at randomization, 36 weeks' gestation, and 6‐8 weeks postpartum as well as in cord plasma. Women with available cord blood samples (metformin n = 236, insulin n = 242) were included. RESULTS: Maternal plasma triglycerides increased more from randomization to 36 weeks' gestation in women treated with metformin (21.93%) versus insulin (9.69%, P < 0.001). Maternal and cord plasma lipids, CRP, and neonatal anthropometry did not differ between treatments. In logistic regression analyses adjusted for confounders, the strongest associations with birth weight >90th centile were maternal triglycerides and measures of glucose control at 36 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: There were few differences in circulating maternal and neonatal markers of metabolic status and no differences in measures of anthropometry between the offspring of women treated with metformin and the offspring of women treated with insulin. There may be subtle effects of metformin on maternal lipid function, but the findings suggest that treating gestational diabetes mellitus with metformin does not adversely affect lipids or CRP in cord plasma or neonatal anthropometric measures.
 Maternal and neonatal circulating markers of metabolic and cardiovascular risk in the metformin in gestational diabetes (MiG) trial: responses to maternal metformin versus insulin treatment;  OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to compare glucose, lipids, and C‐reactive protein (CRP) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin or insulin and in cord plasma of their offspring and to examine how these markers relate to infant size at birth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus were randomly assigned to metformin or insulin in the Metformin in Gestational Diabetes trial. Fasting maternal plasma glucose, lipids, and CRP were measured at randomization, 36 weeks' gestation, and 6‐8 weeks postpartum as well as in cord plasma. Women with available cord blood samples (metformin n = 236, insulin n = 242) were included. RESULTS: Maternal plasma triglycerides increased more from randomization to 36 weeks' gestation in women treated with metformin (21.93%) versus insulin (9.69%, P < 0.001). Maternal and cord plasma lipids, CRP, and neonatal anthropometry did not differ between treatments. In logistic regression analyses adjusted for confounders, the strongest associations with birth weight >90th centile were maternal triglycerides and measures of glucose control at 36 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: There were few differences in circulating maternal and neonatal markers of metabolic status and no differences in measures of anthropometry between the offspring of women treated with metformin and the offspring of women treated with insulin. There may be subtle effects of metformin on maternal lipid function, but the findings suggest that treating gestational diabetes mellitus with metformin does not adversely affect lipids or CRP in cord plasma or neonatal anthropometric measures.
 Effectiveness and acceptability of myo-inositol nutritional supplement in the prevention of gestational diabetes (EMmY): a protocol for a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind pilot trial;  INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes increases maternal and offspring complications in pregnancy and cardiovascular complications in the long term. The nutritional supplement myo‐inositol may prevent gestational diabetes; however, further evaluation is required, especially in multiethnic high‐risk mothers. Our pilot trial on myo‐inositol to prevent gestational diabetes will evaluate trial processes, assess acceptability to mothers and obtain preliminary estimates of effect and cost data prior to a large full‐scale trial. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: EMmY is a multicentre, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind, pilot, randomised trial, with qualitative evaluation. We will recruit pregnant women at 12‐15+6 weeks' gestation, with gestational diabetes risk factors, from five maternity units in England between 2018 and 2019. We will randomise 200 women to take either 2 g of myo‐inositol powder (intervention) or placebo, twice daily until delivery. We will assess rates of recruitment, randomisation, adherence to intervention and follow‐up. Gestational diabetes will be diagnosed at 24‐28 weeks as per the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) criteria (fasting plasma glucose: ≥5.6 mmol/L and 2‐hour plasma glucose: ≥7.8 mmol/L). We will assess the effects of myo‐inositol on glycaemic indices at 28 weeks and on other maternal, fetal and neonatal outcomes at postnatal discharge. Qualitative evaluation will explore the acceptability of the trial and the intervention among women and healthcare professionals. Cost data and health‐related quality of life measures will be captured. We will summarise feasibility outcomes using standard methods for proportions and other descriptive statistics, and where appropriate, report point estimates of effect sizes (eg, mean differences and relative risks) and associated 95% CIs. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval was obtained through the London Queen Square Research Ethics Committee (17/LO/1741). Study findings will be submitted for publication in peer‐reviewed journals. Newsletters will be made available to participants, healthcare professionals and members of Katie's Team (a patient and public advisory group) to disseminate. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN48872100. PROTOCOL VERSION AND DATE: Version 4.0, 15 January 2018.
 The effect of treatment of obstructive sleep apnoea on the development of gestational diabetes in pregnancy (POSA);  INTERVENTION: Participants with obstructive sleep apnoea will be allocated in randomly permuted blocks 1:1:1 to one of three groups ‐ Intervention 1 (CPAP) and usual care ‐ Intervention 2 (Positional therapy) and usual care ‐ Usual care alone Participants will be allocated to use either CPAP or positional therapy after the results of their first diagnostic sleep study is known. In the CPAP group, initially participants will be commenced on auto‐titrating CPAP (an auto‐set) until a suitable fixed pressure is determined between 3‐7 days after they start. The sleep technician will then change them to an appropriate fixed pressure, which will be the 90th percentile pressure derived from the auto‐set machine. The fixed pressure range will be from 6‐20cm water pressure. The positional therpy device to be used is the "Nightshift" Positional Device. The device is a sensor attached to a silicone neck strap. The NightShift device uses vibrotactile feedback to discourage supine sleep. Downloaded data will provide compliance information associated with changes in sleep position and snoring. The treatment will be administered an experienced CPAP therapist. Participants will be encouraged to use the treatment CPAP or positional therapy every night from when they are commenced on it, until when they deliver the baby. Adherence will be monitored through data downloads (device analytics) for both the CPAP and positional therapy groups when the participants are reviewed in the antenatal clinic. The participants will be commenced on the treatment in the hospital clinic, but will use it at home . CONDITION: Cardiovascular ‐ Hypertension Metabolic and Endocrine ‐ Diabetes Obstructive sleep apnoea; ; Obstructive sleep apnoea Reproductive Health and Childbirth ‐ Fetal medicine and complications of pregnancy Respiratory ‐ Sleep apnoea PRIMARY OUTCOME: Gestational diabetes on oral glucose tolerance test[Oral glucose tolerance test at 28 weeks] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Birthweight (kilograms and percentile). ; ; Digital scales (Wedderburn) will be used to obtain this weight[Birth] Circulating biomarkers (e.g. sFlt‐1, PlGF, IL‐6, TNFa, HIF1a) ; ; The biomarkers are exploratory outcomes. sFL‐1 gives us biochemical information about the degree of placental ischemia. PlGF relates to placental reserve and IL‐6, TNFa relates to systemic inflammation potentially relates to systemic inflammation, HIF1a is peripheral marker of evolving placental hypoxia as a precursor to ischaemia.[1. 12‐16 weeks gestation ; 2. two to six weeks later (average four weeks ‐ 16‐20 weeks gestation) ; 3. 28 weeks gestation] Composite outcome of neonatal complications defined as outlined below ; neonatal death, neonatal admission to ICU, length of admission into ICU, apgars <7 after 5 mins, arterial Ph<7, neonatal hypoglycaemia, infant respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal sepsis, neonatal meconium aspiration, neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia, neonatal persistent pulmonary hypertension, neonatal asphyxia, neonatal inguinal hernias ; ; These outcomes will be measured as outlined below ; neonatal death ‐ dead or alive at the time of discharge ; neonatal admission to ICU ‐ admitted to NICU based on medical records. ; length of admission into ICU ‐ medical records and the babies discharge summary from the NICU ; apgars <7 after 5 mins ‐ assessed at birth by treating midwife or obstetrician usually, based on medical records ; ; arterial pH<7 â€“ foetal scalp blood gas if clinically indicated and if less than 7 very severe acideamia ; neonatal hypoglycaemia ‐ BSLs measures by foot prick in babies with mothers with gestational diabetes ; infant respiratory distress syndrome, as defined by the NICU on the discharge summary ; neonatal sepsis, as defined by ICU‐ sepsis with increased lactate ; neonatal meconium aspiration ‐ defined as respiratory distress in the newborn period due to the presence of meconium in the trachea based on medical records ; neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia neonates that are jaundiced with an elevated total serum bilirubin adjusted for gestation as per SLHD jaundice guidelines that need any extra treatment like phototherapy ( see link to attached document) (https://www.slhd.nsw.gov.au/rpa/neonatal/content/pdf/guidelines/jaundice.pdf) ; neonatal persistent pulmonary hypertension, defined as the failure of transition from foetal to neonatal circulation based on medical records ; neonatal asphyxia defined as "an event or condition during the perinatal period that is likely to severely reduce oxygen delivery and lead to acidosis; and a failure of function of at least two organs (may include lung, heart, liver, brain, kidneys and hematological) consistent with the effects of acute asphyxia." based on medical records ; neonatal inguinal hernias as diagnosed on baby check on discharge ; ; [The neonatal period is defined as one month post birth] Estimated foetal weight (grams) and percentile, calculated based on foetal ultrasound[1. 12‐16 weeks gestation ; 2. two to six weeks later (average four weeks ‐ 16‐20 weeks gestation) ; 3. 36 weeks gestation] Glycaemic control during pregnancy for participants who develop gestational diabetes based on the HbA1C[HbA1C checked ; 1. 28 weeks gestation ; 2. 36 weeks gestation] Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy ‐ this will be diagnosed based on clinical measurement in antenatal clinic with systolic blood pressure greater than 140 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure of greater than 90 mm Hg. This will measured at least monthly, and more frequently if there are any concerns ; ; If gestational hypertension is noted after 20 weeks, then all participants will be assessed for preeclampsia ; ; ; ; [Assessed for duration of pregnancy ] Incident pre‐eclampsia which wiil be assess based on the Society of Obstetric Medicine of Australia and New Zealand (SOMANZ) 2014 definition of preeclampsia, based on clinical, and haematological, and biochemical assessment â€“ see list below ; ; The definition of preeclampsia is based on the ; Diagnosis of hypertension with SBP>140 or DBP>90 in conjunction with evidence of end organ damage as exemplified by one of the following. ; ; Significant proteinuria (a spot urine protein/creatinine ratio greater than or equal to 30mg/mmol) ; Increased PCR measured by spot urine test ; Serum or plasma creatinine greater than 90 Âµmol/L ‐ measured by blood test at any time ; ; Thrombocytopenia less than 100,000 /ÂµL ‐ measured by blood test ; Haemolysis (schistocytes or red cell fragments on blood film, raised bilirubin, raised lactate dehydrogenase greater than 600mIU/L, decreased haptoglobin) ‐ measured by blood test ; Disseminated intravascular coagulation ‐ increased d‐dimer and reduced fibrinogen measured by blood test ; Uric acid ‐ measured by blood test ; ; Raised serum transaminases (Raised Ast, AlT) ‐ measured by blood test ; ; Neurological involvement ; Convulsions (eclampsia) â€“ based on clinical assessment and noted in medical record ; ; Hyperreflexia with sustained clonus â€“ based on clinical assessment and noted in medical record ‐ more than two beats sustained clonus on repeated testing ; Persistent new headache â€“ based on clinical assessment and noted in medical record after all other clinical diagnoses have been excluded ; ; ; Stroke â€“ based on CT scan ; ; Pulmonary oedema â€“ based on clinical examination (bibasal crepitations) and/or chest x‐ray ; Severe epigastric and/or right upper quadrant pain â€“ based on clinical assessment and noted in medical record with other causes of right upper quadrant pain excluded eg with abdominal ultrasound and foetal ultrasound to exclude an abruption ; Persistent visual disturbances (photopsia, scotomata, cortical blindness, posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome, retinal vasospasm) â€“ based on clinical assessment and noted in medical record after all other clinical diagnoses have been excluded ; Fetal growth restriction (FGR) ‐ based on foetal ultrasound measurements as measured by the estimated foetal weight adjusted for weeks of gestation. Defined as less than the 10th centile of weight. ; ; sPlt‐1/PLGF ratio â€“ based on blood tests gestation specific cut offs ‐ if less than 32 weeks if the ratio is more than 85 and if more than 32 weeks the ratio must be more 110 but canâ€™t be the only clinical finding ; [at the time it occurs during the pregnancy] Maternal weight gain ; ; Digital scales (Wedderburn) will be used to obtain this weight[For the duration of pregnancy, measured at antenatal visits which will occur monthly unless otherwise clinically inidcated] Uterine artery blood flow (pulsatility index measurements) [1. 12‐16 weeks gestation ; 2. two to six weeks later (average four weeks ‐ 16‐20 weeks gestation) ; 3. 36 weeks gestation] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Early pregnancy (less than 14 weeks from last menstrual period) 2. Increased risk defined as ONE OR MORE of: a. Body mass index greater than or equal to 35 kg/m2 b. Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) c. Previous personal history of pre‐eclampsia (or in mother or sister) d. Underlying renal disease e. Maternal type 2 diabetes (pre‐gestational) f. Symptoms of sleep‐disordered breathing including snoring, witnessed apnoeas, mild excessive daytime sleepiness (which does not meet the criteria for severe excessive daytime sleepiness) or tiredness. AND g. Obstructive sleep apnoea diagnosed on in‐lab polysomnography, based on the respiratory disturbance index (RDI) of greater than or equal to 5.
 10-year follow-up of diabetes incidence and weight loss in the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study;  BACKGROUND: In the 2.8 years of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) randomised clinical trial, diabetes incidence in high‐risk adults was reduced by 58% with intensive lifestyle intervention and by 31% with metformin, compared with placebo. We investigated the persistence of these effects in the long term. METHODS: All active DPP participants were eligible for continued follow‐up. 2766 of 3150 (88%) enrolled for a median additional follow‐up of 5.7 years (IQR 5.5‐5.8). 910 participants were from the lifestyle, 924 from the metformin, and 932 were from the original placebo groups. On the basis of the benefits from the intensive lifestyle intervention in the DPP, all three groups were offered group‐implemented lifestyle intervention. Metformin treatment was continued in the original metformin group (850 mg twice daily as tolerated), with participants unmasked to assignment, and the original lifestyle intervention group was offered additional lifestyle support. The primary outcome was development of diabetes according to American Diabetes Association criteria. Analysis was by intention‐to‐treat. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00038727. FINDINGS: During the 10.0‐year (IQR 9.0‐10.5) follow‐up since randomisation to DPP, the original lifestyle group lost, then partly regained weight. The modest weight loss with metformin was maintained. Diabetes incidence rates during the DPP were 4.8 cases per 100 person‐years (95% CI 4.1‐5.7) in the intensive lifestyle intervention group, 7.8 (6.8‐8.8) in the metformin group, and 11.0 (9.8‐12.3) in the placebo group. Diabetes incidence rates in this follow‐up study were similar between treatment groups: 5.9 per 100 person‐years (5.1‐6.8) for lifestyle, 4.9 (4.2‐5.7) for metformin, and 5.6 (4.8‐6.5) for placebo. Diabetes incidence in the 10 years since DPP randomisation was reduced by 34% (24‐42) in the lifestyle group and 18% (7‐28) in the metformin group compared with placebo. INTERPRETATION: During follow‐up after DPP, incidences in the former placebo and metformin groups fell to equal those in the former lifestyle group, but the cumulative incidence of diabetes remained lowest in the lifestyle group. Prevention or delay of diabetes with lifestyle intervention or metformin can persist for at least 10 years. FUNDING: National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK).
 Effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial;  It has previously been reported that the influence of vitamin D on the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer and other systemic diseases, and is considered an important indicator of general health. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism, lipid concentrations, inflammation and the levels of oxidative stress of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present randomized, double‐blind placebo‐controlled clinical trial was conducted on 133 pregnant women with GDM during weeks 24‐28 of pregnancy. The patients were randomly divided into four groups. The control group (n=20) received a placebo (sucrose; one granule/day), the low dosage group (n=38) received the daily recommended intake of 200 IU vitamin D (calciferol) daily, the medium dosage group (n=38) received 50,000 IU monthly (2,000 IU daily for 25 days) and the high dosage group (n=37) received 50,000 IU every 2 weeks (4,000 IU daily for 12.5 days). The general characteristics and dietary intakes of the patients with GDM were similar between each group. Using ELISA kits, it was determined that insulin, homeostatic model assessment‐insulin resistance and total cholesterol were significantly reduced by high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.05). Total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione levels were significantly elevated as a result of high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.01). In conclusion, high‐dose vitamin D supplementation (50,000 IU every 2 weeks) significantly improved insulin resistance in pregnant women with GDM.
 Gestational diabetic patients with adequate management have normal cardiovascular autonomic regulation during the third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery;  OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation at rest and their responses to head‐up tilt (HUT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 79 pregnant women (51 with GDM, 28 without GDM) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after parturition. The maternal electrocardiogram and arterial blood pressure were noninvasively measured. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured in the supine position and in the upright position. Stroke volume was assessed from noninvasive blood pressure signals, heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed in frequency domain, and baroreflex sensitivity by the cross‐spectral and sequence methods. RESULTS: Between the GDM group and control pregnant women there were no significant differences in hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation throughout the protocol. Increased normalized low‐frequency component and low‐frequency to high‐frequency ratio suggested a change in sympathovagal balance towards sympathetic predominance during pregnancy in both groups. The response to head‐up tilt (HUT) was similar in both GDM and control pregnant women. The pregnancy modulated the response to HUT in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac index, peripheral resistance, total power of HRV, and its low‐ and high‐frequency components. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that pregnancy modulates cardiovascular autonomic regulation and hemodynamics equally in subjects with GDM and without GDM, suggesting that metabolic disorder during pregnancy does not result in cardiovascular dysfunction when GDM is in good balance.
 Studies to improve perinatal health through diet and lifestyle among south asian women living in canada: a brief history and future research directions;  South Asians (i.e., people who originate from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bang‐ladesh) have higher cardiovascular disease rates than other populations, and these differences per‐sist in their offspring. Nutrition is a critical lifestyle‐related factor that influences fetal development, and infant and child health in early life. In high‐income countries such as Canada, nutrition‐related health risks arise primarily from overnutrition, most strikingly for obesity and associated non‐com‐municable diseases. Evidence for developmental programming during fetal life underscores the critical influence of maternal diet on fetal growth and development, backed by several birth cohort studies including the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, the South Asian Birth Cohort Study, and the Born in Bradford Study. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes, future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in the mother and increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in her offspring. Non‐pharmacological trials to prevent gestational diabetes are few, often not randomized, and are heterogeneous with respect to design, and outcomes have not converged upon a single optimal prevention strategy. The aim of this review is to provide an understanding of the current knowledge around perinatal nutrition and gestational diabetes among the high‐risk South Asian population as well as summarize our research activities investigating the role of cul‐turally‐tailored nutrition advice to South Asian women living in high‐income settings such as Can‐ada. In this paper, we describe these qualitative and quantitative studies, both completed and un‐derway. We conclude with a description of the design of a randomized trial of a culturally tailored personalized nutrition intervention to reduce gestational glycaemia in South Asian women living in Canada and its implications.
 The effect of the Individualized Education Program on the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnants by In Vitro Fertilization;  INTERVENTION: ?Education about Nutrition , weight control, physical activity during the sixth session since the arrival of up to 34 weeks of gestation for 15 to 20 minutes per session, coinciding with the visit of prenatal in intervention group Intervention 1: ?Education about Nutrition , weight control, physical activity during the sixth session since the arrival of up to 34 weeks of gestation for 15 to 20 minutes per session, coinciding with the visit of prenatal in intervention group. Intervention 2: routine care Of Clinics in control group. Lifestyle routine care Of Clinics in control group CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy Gestational Diabetes. ; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Gestational Diabetes. Timepoint: In 24‐28 weeks and again in 34 week. Method of measurement: Screening test for gestational diabetes and GTT test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pre‐pregnancy body mass index of 19 to 25; gestational age 12 to 16 weeks with LMP or ultrasound in the first trimester; In Vitro Fertiliaztion is not due to PCOs factor; no history of diabetes in first‐degree relatives (father, mother, sister, brother); no history of previous neonatal mortality in pregnancy; no history of previous pregnancy with malformed infant or fetus; lack of macrosomia (birth weight more than 4000 grams); no history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in a previous pregnancy; No more than three times repeated abortions; the absence of chronic diseases (hypertension, cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, anemia, autoimmune); Lack of mental disease; Lack of education in the Department of Medical Sciences (Nursing, Nursing, Medical, Nutritional Science); normal FBS (less than 126) in the first quarter (of the case) Exclusion criteria: smoking and drug abuse
 A maternal diet enriched in extra virgin olive oil prevents alterations in placental morphology and overactivity of matrix metalloproteinases in maternal blood in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies;  Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent disease that increases the risks of maternal, fetal and placental complications and leads to the programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. The placenta is relevant in fetal programming and changes in its morphology are associated to an adverse programming in different maternal diseases. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are proteolytic enzymes highly relevant in development, but markers of a pro‐inflammatory state when produced in excess. GDM is associated to an intrauterine proinflammatory environment. At term, GDM pregnancies show increased MMPs activity in the placenta, an alteration that may also occur in maternal blood. Our recent studies have shown that a dietary supplementation with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) is capable of preventing increased maternal weight gain and circulating triglycerides, as well as modulating MMPs overactivity in the placenta. In this work, we hypothesized that a maternal diet enriched in EVOO modulates placental macroscopic morphology, circulating total and HDL‐cholesterol levels and maternal blood MMPs activity in women with GDM. Métodos/Methods: Fifty heathy (Control) and GDM patients were enrolled after signing an informed consent (protocol approved by the Ethics Committee of Hospital General de Agudos Dr. Ignacio Pirovano, Buenos Aires), and all of them were advised to follow the WHO diet for pregnancy. GDM patients were randomized to receive or not a daily dietary supplementation of EVOO (three tablespoons) from diagnosis (week 24‐28 of gestation) until delivery. Blood from the mothers was obtained at diagnosis and at term (weeks 37 of gestation). Cholesterol levels (colorimetric assay) were evaluated at term, and the gelatinolytic activity of MMPs was evaluated both at enrollment and at term (zymography analysis). At delivery, placental morphology was evaluated. Resultados/Results: Although the placenta diameter and perimeter were similar in the three evaluated groups (Control, GDM and GDMEVOO groups), the placentas from the GDM group were thicker compared to the Control group (15%, p<0.05), an alteration prevented by the EVOO‐enriched diet (p<0.05, GDM‐EVOO vs. GDM). Total cholesterol and HDL‐cholesterol in maternal blood showed no changes in the three experimental groups evaluated. The activity of MMP‐2 showed no changes in the three experimental groups evaluated both at GDM diagnosis and at term. MMP‐9 activity was unchanged at enrollment but increased in maternal blood of the GDM group at term (81%, p<0.01 vs. Control group), an alteration prevented by the diet enriched in EVOO (p<0.05 vs. GDM). Conclusões/Conclusions: Maternal GDM led to increased placental thickness, an alteration that may impair the placenta transport function and may cause programming effects. The maternal dietary treatment enriched in EVOO was able to prevent this placental alteration in GDM patients. The increase in MMPs activity observed in maternal blood in GDM pregnancies is similar to that previously observed in GDM placentas. The capacity of EVOO dietary treatment to prevent MMP overactivity in maternal blood evidences its beneficial effects in the mother, and identifies MMP activity as a putative biomarker of EVOO maternal consumption.
 Low-dose aspirin to prevent preeclampsia in women at high risk. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Network of Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units;  BACKGROUND: Whether low‐dose aspirin prevents preeclampsia is unclear. It is not recommended as prophylaxis in women at low risk for preeclampsia but may reduce the incidence of the disease in women at high risk. METHODS: We conducted a double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial in four groups of pregnant women at high risk for preeclampsia, including 471 women with pregestational insulin‐treated diabetes mellitus, 774 women with chronic hypertension, 688 women with multifetal gestations, and 606 women who had had preeclampsia during a previous pregnancy. The women were enrolled between gestational weeks 13 and 26 and received either 60 mg of aspirin or placebo daily. RESULTS: Outcome data were obtained on all but 36 of the 2539 women who entered the study. The incidence of preeclampsia was similar in the 1254 women in the aspirin group and the 1249 women in the placebo group (aspirin, 18 percent; placebo, 20 percent; P=0.23). The incidences in the aspirin and placebo groups for each of the four high‐risk categories were also similar: for women with pregestational diabetes mellitus, the incidence was 18 percent in the aspirin group and 22 percent in the placebo group (P=0.38); for women with chronic hypertension, 26 percent and 25 percent (P= 0.66); for those with multifetal gestations, 12 percent and 16 percent (P=0.10); and for those with preeclampsia during a previous pregnancy, 17 percent and 19 percent (P=0.47). In addition, the incidences of perinatal death, preterm birth, and infants small for gestational age were similar in the aspirin and placebo groups. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, low‐dose aspirin did not reduce the incidence of preeclampsia significantly or improve perinatal outcomes in pregnant women at high risk for preeclampsia.
 Recognition by women's health care providers of long-term cardiovascular disease risk after preeclampsia;  Objective: To assess health care providers' knowledge regarding pregnancy outcome as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and evaluate the variables associated with their responses to questions about routine surveillance for cardiovascular disease. Methods: A voluntary, anonymous survey of internal medicine and obstetric and gynecologic health care providers at an academic institution. Responses to a case‐based and direct inquiry questionnaire were evaluated. Results: The overall response rate was 65% (173/265). When assessing cardiovascular risk, gynecologists compared with internists significantly more often requested a pregnancy history (44/49 [90%] compared with 56/75 [75%], P.039) and more often attached importance to a history of preeclampsia (35/48 [73%] compared with 41/75 [55%], P.028). When a history of preeclampsia was obtained, internists more often obtained a fasting glucose test (25/52 [48%] compared with 9/43 [20.9%], P.009). A minority of health care providers recognized the importance of fetal growth restriction. Both health care provider groups demonstrated similar knowledge of general cardiovascular risk factors, screening tools, and interventions. Higher general cardiovascular knowledge was significantly associated with identification of pregnancy complications as cardiovascular risk factors (P.001). Conclusion: When assessing cardiovascular risk, internists were less likely than gynecologists to include a pregnancy history. However, once identified as at risk for cardiovascular disease, gynecologists were less likely than internists to obtain appropriate testing. Education concerning the link between certain pregnancy complications and future cardiovascular disease is needed. Areas of opportunity for education in both medical specialties are identified.
 The Impact of a Lifestyle Intervention on Postpartum Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Hispanic Women With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance During Pregnancy: secondary Analysis of a Randomized Trial;  BACKGROUND: Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with higher rates among Hispanics. However, studies on the impact of lifestyle interventions on postpartum CVD profiles are sparse. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a controlled trial among a subsample of Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance participating in Estudió PARTO (Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes; mean age = 28.2 y, SD: 5.8) who were randomized to a culturally modified Lifestyle intervention (n = 45) or a comparison Health and Wellness intervention (n = 55). Primary endpoints were biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (lipids, C‐reactive protein, fetuin‐A, and albumin‐to‐creatinine ratio) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, leptin, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, and adiponectin) measured at baseline (6‐wk postpartum) and 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: In intent‐to‐treat analyses, there were no significant differences in changes in biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance over the postpartum year. In prespecified sensitivity analyses, women adherent with the Lifestyle Intervention had more favorable improvements in insulin (intervention effect = ‐4.87, SE: 1.93, P = .01) and HOMA‐IR (intervention effect = ‐1.15, SE: 0.53, P = .03) compared with the Health and Wellness arm. In pooled analyses, regardless of intervention arm, women with higher postpartum sports/exercise had greater increase in HDL‐cholesterol (intervention effect = 6.99, SE: 1.72, P = .0001). CONCLUSIONS: In this randomized controlled trial among Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance, we did not observe a significant effect on postpartum biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance. Women adherent to the intervention had more favorable changes in insulin and HOMA‐IR.
 Association Between Changes in Postpartum Weight and Waist Circumference and Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes;  INTRODUCTION: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 30% to 70% risk for developing type 2 diabetes and are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about how anthropometric changes in the first postpartum year modify cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: We randomly assigned women in the Balance After Baby study to an intervention group consisting of participation in a web‐based lifestyle program or to a control group in which no program was offered. We measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, insulin, adiponectin, interleukin‐6, and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein, and we conducted 2‐hour oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. We evaluated whether women assigned to the intervention had improved cardiometabolic risk markers compared with the control group. We then conducted a post‐hoc analysis, pooling the 2 groups to compare changes in weight and waist circumference with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS: Women in the intervention group did not significantly improve cardiometabolic risk markers compared with women in the control group. We noted a large overlap of weight change and change in waist circumference between groups. In our post‐hoc analysis pooling groups, changes in diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were significantly correlated with changes in weight and waist circumference. The strongest associations were observed for fasting insulin, HOMA, and fasting glucose. CONCLUSION: Anthropometric changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent GDM may affect cardiometabolic risk factors, even in the first postpartum year. Our study demonstrates the importance of the postpartum year as an opportunity to decrease future risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with a history of GDM.
 The STOP-NIDDM Trial: an international study on the efficacy of an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor to prevent type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance: rationale, design, and preliminary screening data. Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus;  OBJECTIVE: To describe the rationale and design, and to discuss the preliminary screening data, of the Study to Prevent NIDDM (STOP‐NIDDM Trial), an international study on the efficacy of the alpha‐glucosidase inhibitor acarbose in preventing or delaying the development of type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,418 subjects diagnosed with IGT according to the World Health Organization's criteria and having a fasting plasma glucose concentration > or =5.6 mmol/L were randomized in a double‐blind fashion to receive either acarbose (100 mg t.i.d.) or placebo for a predictive median follow‐up period of 3.9 years. The primary outcome is the development of type 2 diabetes diagnosed using a 75‐g oral glucose tolerance test according to the new criteria. The secondary outcomes are changes in blood pressure, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, cardiovascular events, and morphometric profile. RESULTS: Screening was performed in a high‐risk population. As of 1 March 1997, 4,424 subjects had been screened, and data were available for 3,919 (88.5%) subjects. Of these subjects, 1,200 (30.6%) had glucose intolerance. Of the subjects with glucose intolerance, 521 (13.3%) had previously undetected type 2 diabetes, and 679 (17.3%) had IGT. Of the IGT population, 412 (60.7%) subjects were eligible for the study This population had the following characteristics: the mean age was 54.8 years, 52% of the subjects were female, 53% had more than one risk factor for type 2 diabetes, >90% had a family history of diabetes, 78.2% had a BMI > or =27 kg/m2, 47.5% had high blood pressure, 51.2% had dyslipidemia, and 22.8% of the women had a history of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Screening of a high‐risk population yields one eligible subject per every 10 volunteers screened. This study should definitely answer the question of whether acarbose can prevent or delay the progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
 Application of the RCOG risk assessment model for evaluating postpartum venous thromboembolism in chinese women: a case-control study;  BACKGROUND Since China has not yet constructed its own risk assessment model (RAM) for pregnancy‐related venous thromboembolism (VTE), more and more hospitals use the RCOG RAM for VTE risk prediction. However, the RCOG RAM was established based on Western populations, and its applicability in China is still uncertain. Thus, we aimed to evaluate the validity of the RCOG RAM in predicting postpartum VTE in Chinese maternity. MATERIAL AND METHODS This retrospective case‐control study was conducted at the International Peace Maternity and Child Health Hospital (IPMCHH) from June 2016 to June 2020. The VTE group consisted of 38 women with postpartum VTE. For each VTE patient, 4 women without VTE who gave birth on the same day were randomly selected as the control group (n=152). The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration curve, and decision curve analysis (DCA) were used to evaluate the discrimination, accuracy, and validity of the RCOG RAM. Univariable analysis and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used to identify other related factors for postpartum VTE. RESULTS Compared with the low‐risk group, the risk of VTE was 9.75‐fold greater in the intermediate‐risk group, and 90.00‐fold greater in the high‐risk group. The area under curve (AUC) of the model was 0.828 (95% CI: 0.762‐0.894), with a score of 2 as its best cut‐off value, which exactly matched the criterion recommended by the RCOG guidelines for pharmacological thromboprophylaxis. The calibration curves and DCA of the model also showed good accuracy. In addition to the factors included in the RCOG RAM, glucocorticoid therapy during pregnancy (adjusted OR=6.72, 95% CI: 1.56‐28.91) and previous use of IUD (adjusted OR=7.11, 95% CI: 1.45‐34.93) were associated with increased risk of postpartum VTE. CONCLUSIONS The RCOG RAM was found to be effective in predicting postpartum VTE, and has certain guiding significance for postpartum thromboprophylaxis in China.
 A randomized, parallel-group, open-label, multinational trial comparing the efficacy and safety of insulin detemir with NPH insulin in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes: baseline characteristics disclose frequent use of basal insulin analogs in early pregnancy;  Results: The majority of evidence to support basal insulin analog use in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes is retrospective and uncontrolled. As basal insulin analogs are being used off‐label there is a need to evaluate their safety (maternal hypoglycemia, fetal and perinatal outcomes) and efficacy (A1C, fasting plasma glucose, maternal weight gain). To provide insight into current basal analog use in pregnancy we present data from an ongoing randomized, controlled, open‐labelled, multinational, parallel‐group trial in women with type 1 diabetes either planning a pregnancy (n=306) or already pregnant (n=164). Inclusion criteria include: type 1 diabetes >12 months duration; screening A1C≤9.0% (women recruited pre‐pregnancy), or pregnant with gestational age 8‐12 weeks and A1C≤8.0% at randomization. At confirmation of pregnancy all subjects must have A1C≤8.0%. Exclusion criteria include: impaired hepatic function, cardiac problems and uncontrolled hypertension. Subjects are randomized to either insulin detemir or NPH insulin, both with prandial insulin aspart. Within one year, 127 (42%) non‐pregnant randomized women have become pregnant, giving a total of 291 pregnant women in the study. The results are expected in January 2011. Baseline characteristics (Table) show that basal insulin analogs are already frequently used in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. This study will hopefully elucidate the safety and efficacy of the basal insulin analog detemir in diabetic pregnancy. (Table Presented).
 Change in cardiometabolic risk factors with postpartum changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent gestational diabetes;  BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well as high risk for repeat GDM. Although studies in older women suggest that weight loss may improve cardiometabolic risk factors, little is known about how weight changes modify these risk factors in the postpartum period. Some cohort studies suggest that women with GDM, despite their increased risk, do not lose weight and may even gain weight in the postpartum period. Given that cardiovascular disease and diabetes are the second and eighth leading causes of death, respectively, among women 45‐54, the first decade following the childbearing decades, earlier weight changes may be important. METHODS: In the Balance after Baby (BAB) trial of 75 women with recent GDM, women randomly allocated to a web‐based year‐long lifestyle intervention program lost significantly more weight than the control group. There was no significant impact of the intervention to decrease cardiometabolic risk factors. However, there was a large range of weight change in both groups (‐16 kg to +10 kg). For this analysis, we sought to determine if weight changes in the postpartum year were associated with changes in risk factors for T2DM and CVD, regardless of group assignment. In the BAB trial, we measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting lipids, hsCRP, IL‐ 6, fasting insulin, adiponectin, and conducted 75 g 2‐h oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. For this analysis, we include 59 women providing fasting blood samples at both 6 weeks and 12months postpartum. We used JMP 11 Pro to conduct Spearman's correlations to determine the relationship between weight change and change in markers of cardiometabolic risk. RESULTS: Among 59 participants, the mean age was 33±5 years; 6 week postpartum BMI was 31±6 kg/m2; and 58 % were White, 31 % African‐American, 12 % Asian; with 20 % Hispanic. Median weight change from 6 weeks to 12 months postpartum was +0.4 kg (IQR ‐4.8 kg, +2.7 kg) and median change in waist circumference was ‐1.4 cm (IQR ‐7 cm, +2 cm). Changes in weight from 6 weeks to 12 months postpartum significantly correlated with changes in several T2DM risk factors: HbA1c (Spearman's r=0.45, p<.001), fasting glucose (r=0.41, p<.005), fasting insulin (r=0.49, p<.001), homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity (HOMA) (r=0.5, p<.001), and adiponectin (r=‐0.38, p<.005). Among CVD risk factors, weight changes were significantly correlated with changes in fasting triglycerides (Spearman's r=0.28, p<.05), but not with other CVD risk factors including blood pressure, LDL, or HDL, nor with the inflammatory markers hsCRP and IL‐6. Changes in waist circumference significantly correlated with changes in HbA1c (r=0.36, p<.01), fasting insulin (r=0.38, p<.005), HOMA (r=0.38, p<.005), HDL (r=‐0.31, p<.05), and hsCRP (r=0.28, p<.05). CONCLUSIONS: Weight changes and changes in waist circumference in the postpartum period were significantly correlated with changes in certain cardiometabolic risk factors among women with recent GDM. Given the high risk for T2DM, CVD, and repeat GDM in this population, weight gain or loss, even in the first year postpartum, may have substantial impact on the development of future disease. Longer studies are needed to determine how postpartum weight changes affect the rate of development of T2DM, CVD, and repeat GDM.
 Effects of exercise therapy combined with metformin in pregnant women with gestational diabetes;  Objectives: Gestational diabetes is a unique disease of pregnant women during pregnancy. Clinical studies have shown that metformin can better control blood glucose in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, with less adverse reactions, and can protect the cardiovascular system. Exercise therapy is a kind of physical therapy, which can keep the blood glucose stable. Here, we aimed to explore the clinical effects of exercise therapy combined with metformin in patients with gestational diabetes. Methods: A total of 96 patients with gestational diabetes from May 2018 to January 2020 were selected as subjects. According to the random number table methods, the patients were divided into control group (n = 48 cases) and observation group (n = 48 cases). The control group was treated with metformin. The observation group was combined with exercise therapy on the basis of the control group. After the treatment for 3 months, the patients were followed up until the fetus was delivered. The levels of blood glucose (FBG, PBG, HbAlc), HOMA‐β, HOMA‐IR IR, cellular inflammatory factors, Hcy and leptin were measured, and the pregnancy outcomes (polyhydramnios, giant infants, premature delivery, pregnancy‐induced hypertension and neonatal jaundice) were evaluated as well. Results: The levels of FBG, 2 h FBG, HbAlc, HOMA‐IR in the observation group were lower than the control group (P < 0.05), while the level of HOMA‐β was higher than the control group after treatment (P < 0.05). Moreover, the levels of IL‐6, TNF‐α, Hcy and leptin in observation group were lower than the control group (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the incidence of polyhydramnios, giant infants, premature delivery, pregnancy‐induced hypertension and neonatal jaundice in the observation group after treatment were lower than the control group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Exercise therapy combined with metformin treatment for gestational diabetes patients can improve the levels of the blood glucose, HOMA‐β and HOMA‐IR, reduce the inflammatory cytokines and Hcy, improve pregnancy outcomes, which is worthy of popularization and application.
 Haptoglobin phenotype, pre-eclampsia, and response to supplementation with vitamins C and E in pregnant women with type-1 diabetes;  OBJECTIVE: The phenotype of the antioxidant and pro‐angiogenic protein haptoglobin (Hp) predicts cardiovascular disease risk and treatment response to antioxidant vitamins in individuals with diabetes. Our objective was to determine whether Hp phenotype influences pre‐eclampsia risk, or the efficacy of vitamins C and E in preventing pre‐eclampsia, in women with type‐1 diabetes. DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial in which women with diabetes received daily vitamins C and E, or placebo, from 8 to 22 weeks of gestation until delivery. SETTING: Twenty‐five antenatal metabolic clinics across the UK (in north‐west England, Scotland, and Northern Ireland). POPULATION: Pregnant women with type‐1 diabetes. METHODS: Hp phenotype was determined in white women who completed the study and had plasma samples available (n = 685). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Pre‐eclampsia. RESULTS: Compared with Hp 2‐1, Hp 1‐1 (OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.30‐1.16) and Hp 2‐2 (OR 0.93, 95% CI 0.60‐1.45) were not associated with significantly decreased pre‐eclampsia risk after adjusting for treatment group and HbA1c at randomisation. Our study was not powered to detect an interaction between Hp phenotype and treatment response; however, our preliminary analysis suggests that vitamins C and E did not prevent pre‐eclampsia in women of any Hp phenotype (Hp 1‐1, OR 0.77, 95% CI 0.22‐2.71; Hp 2‐1, OR 0.81, 95% CI 0.46‐1.43; Hp 2‐2, 0.67, 95% CI 0.34‐1.33), after adjusting for HbA1c at randomisation. CONCLUSIONS: The Hp phenotype did not significantly affect pre‐eclampsia risk in women with type‐1 diabetes.
 Basal insulin analogues in diabetic pregnancy: a literature review and baseline results of a randomised, controlled trial in type 1 diabetes;  As basal insulin analogues are being used off‐label, there is a need to evaluate their safety (maternal hypoglycaemia and fetal and perinatal outcomes) and efficacy [haemoglobin A1c(HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose, and maternal weight gain]. The aim of this review is to provide an overview of the current literature concerning basal insulin analogue use in diabetic pregnancy, and to present the design and preliminary, non‐validated baseline characteristics of a currently ongoing randomized, controlled, open‐label, multicentre, multinational trial comparing insulin detemir with neutral protamine hagedorn insulin, both with insulin aspart, in women with type 1 diabetes planning a pregnancy (n = 306) or are already pregnant (n = 164). Inclusion criteria include type 1 diabetes > 12 months' duration; screening HbA1c ≤ 9.0% (women recruited prepregnancy), or pregnant with gestational age 8‐12 weeks and HbA1c ≤ 8.0% at randomization. At confirmation of pregnancy all subjects must have HbA1c ≤ 8.0%. Exclusion criteria include impaired hepatic function, cardiac problems, and uncontrolled hypertension. Subjects are randomized to either insulin detemir or neutral protamine hagedorn insulin, both with prandial insulin aspart. The results are expected mid‐2011 with full publications expected later this year. Baseline characteristics show that basal insulin analogues are already frequently used in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. This study will hopefully elucidate the safety and efficacy of the basal insulin analogue detemir in diabetic pregnancy.
 Preterm delivery in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus or chronic hypertension relative to women with uncomplicated pregnancies. The National institute of Child health and Human Development Maternal- Fetal Medicine Units Network;  OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare the rates of indicated and spontaneous preterm delivery among women with chronic hypertension or pregestational diabetes mellitus with the rates among healthy women. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of data from healthy women with singleton gestations enrolled in a prospective observational study for prediction of preterm delivery (control group, n = 2738), women with pregestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin therapy (n = 461), and women with chronic hypertension (n = 761). The two latter groups were enrolled in a randomized multicenter trial for prevention of preeclampsia. The main outcome measures were rates of preterm delivery, either spontaneous (preterm labor or rupture of membranes) or indicated (for maternal or fetal reasons), and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: The overall rates of preterm delivery were significantly higher among women with diabetes mellitus (38%) and hypertension (33.1%) than among control women (13.9%). Rates were also significantly higher for delivery at <35 weeks' gestation. Women with diabetes mellitus had significantly higher rates of both indicated preterm delivery (21.9% vs 3.4%; odds ratio, 8.1; 95% confidence interval, 6.0‐10.9) and spontaneous preterm delivery (16.1% vs 10.5%; odds ratio, 1.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.2‐2.2) than did women in the control group. In addition, they had significantly higher rates of both indicated preterm delivery (odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 3.0‐7.5) and spontaneous preterm delivery (odds ratio, 2.1; 95% confidence interval, 1.4‐3.0) at <35 weeks' gestation than did control women. Compared with control women those with chronic hypertension had higher rates of indicated preterm delivery at both <37 weeks' gestation (21.9% vs 3.4%; odds ratio, 8.1; 95% confidence interval, 6.2‐10.6) and at <35 weeks' gestation (12.1% vs 1.6%; odds ratio, 8.2; 95% confidence interval, 5.7‐11.9), but there were no differences in rates of spontaneous preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: The increased rate of preterm delivery among women with chronic hypertension relative to control women was primarily an increase in indicated preterm delivery, whereas the rates of both spontaneous and indicated preterm delivery were increased among women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.
 The Impact of Myo- inositol supplementation to gestational diabetes in overweight pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: : Placebo (folic acid powder 400 mcg + wheat flour total 2 grams) Once a day (one hour a sachet is dissolved in a glass of water) from the gestational age 14 weeks to 24 weeks for a total of 10 weeks . Control group: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Myoinositol supplementation powder the ino fulic commercial name containing 2000 mg of myoinositol and 200 µg of folic acid (manufactured by the company Lo.Li Pharma ) once a day(one sachet per night in a glass of water is dissolved). Intervention 2: : Placebo (folic acid powder 400 mcg + wheat flour total 2 grams) Once a day (one hour a sachet is dissolved in a glass of water) from the gestational age 14 weeks to 24 weeks for a total of 10 weeks . Control group:. Intervention group: Myoinositol supplementation powder the ino fulic commercial name containing 2000 mg of myoinositol and 200 µg of folic acid (manufactured by the company Lo.Li Pharma ) once a day(one sachet per night in a glass of water is dissolved) Placebo Prevention CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy. ; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, unspecified Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). Fasting insulin. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). Glucose tolerance test of 1 and 2 hours with 75 g of oral glucose. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). HDL. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). Insulin sensitivity. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). LDL. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). Total cholesterol. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). Triglyceride. Timepoint: In the second trimester of the week( 24‐28 ). Method of measurement: Testes based on laboratorial rutine( Detailed description in the proposal). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Neonatal and pregnancy outcomes. Timepoint: The end of pregnancy for the outcome of pregnancy and infancy. Method of measurement: Questionnaire and complete the checklist using patient file. Side effect of drug. Timepoint: In the second trimester of pregnancy (week 24‐28) and the third trimester of pregnancy (week 37_38). Method of measurement: Drug side effect Checklist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Conscious written consent Pregnant women with singleton pregnancy Age above 18 years old Gestational age 14 weeks Pr‐pregnancy BMI>= 25 and less than 30 kg / m 2 Fasting glucose less than 92 mg / dL or Random glucose less than 200 mg / dL No chronic diseases such as diabetes, high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease Non‐smoking and alcohol
 Influence of exercise mode on pregnancy outcomes: ENHANCED by Mom project;  Background: The extent of the benefits of exercise training during pregnancy on maternal, fetal, and neonatal health outcomes has not been sufficiently addressed. While aerobic exercise training has been determined as safe and efficacious throughout pregnancy, the effects of other training modes on fetal health and development as well as any continued benefits for the neonate, especially with regards to cardiovascular development and function, is largely unknown. In the ENHANCED by Mom study we aim to determine the effects of different modes of exercise training (aerobic, circuit, and resistance) throughout pregnancy on childhood health by controlling individual exercise programs and assessing the effects of each on fetal and neonatal health adaptations. Methods/Design: ENHANCED by mom is a cross sectional comparison study utilizing 3 intervention groups in comparison to a control group. Participants will complete three 5 min warmup + 45 min sessions weekly from 16 weeks to 36 weeks gestation of aerobic, resistance, or circuit training, in comparison to non‐exercising controls. Maternal physical measurements will occur every 4 weeks throughout the intervention period. Fetal morphometric and heart measurements will occur at 34 weeks gestation. Neonatal measurements will be acquired at birth and at 1 month, 6 months, and 12 months. Discussion: A better understanding on the effects of exercise training during pregnancy on fetal and neonatal health could have a profound impact on the prevention and development of chronic diseases such as obesity, hypertension, and diabetes.
 Trial design and methodology for a non-restricted sequential multiple assignment randomized trial to evaluate combinations of perinatal interventions to optimize women's health;  Pre‐pregnancy overweight/obesity and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) independently predict negative maternal and child health outcomes. To date, however, interventions that target GWG have not produced lasting improvements in maternal weight or health at 12‐months postpartum. Given that interventions solely aimed at addressing GWG may not equip women with the skills needed for postpartum weight management, interventions that address health behaviors over the perinatal period might maximize maternal health in the first postpartum year. Thus, the current study leveraged a sequential multiple assignment randomized trial (SMART) design to evaluate sequences of prenatal (i.e., during pregnancy) and postpartum lifestyle interventions that optimize maternal weight, cardiometabolic health, and psychosocial outcomes at 12‐months postpartum. Pregnant women (N = 300; ≤16 weeks pregnant) with overweight/obesity (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2) are being recruited. Women are randomized to intervention or treatment as usual on two occasions: (1) early in pregnancy, and (2) prior to delivery, resulting in four intervention sequences. Intervention during pregnancy is designed to moderate GWG and introduce skills for management of weight as a chronic condition, while intervention in the postpartum period addresses weight loss. The primary outcome is weight at 12‐months postpartum and secondary outcomes include variables of cardiometabolic health and psychosocial well‐being. Analyses will evaluate the combination of prenatal and postpartum lifestyle interventions that optimizes maternal weight and secondary outcomes at 12‐months postpartum. Optimizing the sequence of behavioral interventions to address specific needs during pregnancy and the first postpartum year can maximize intervention potency and mitigate longer‐term cardiometabolic health risks for women.
 A randomized double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating the effect of fish oil supplementation on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus-fish oil supplementation and gestational diabetes;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega‐3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18–40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT‐PCR) method. Results of RT‐PCR indicated that omega‐3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor gamma (PPAR‐γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low‐density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin‐1 (IL‐1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega‐3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega‐3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL‐8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR‐γ, IL‐1, and TNF‐α, but not gene expression of IL‐8.
 A randomized double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating the effect of fish oil supplementation on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus-fish oil supplementation and gestational diabetes;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega‐3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18–40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT‐PCR) method. Results of RT‐PCR indicated that omega‐3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor gamma (PPAR‐γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low‐density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin‐1 (IL‐1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF‐α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega‐3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega‐3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL‐8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR‐γ, IL‐1, and TNF‐α, but not gene expression of IL‐8.
 Examining the Effectiveness of solution-focused brief consolation on mothers with gestational diabetes under insulin treatment;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: prenatal care + intervention ,Intervention consist of 6session: In the first session, introduction, After that, mothers were provided with the content of Principles of solution‐focused brief consultation , the mothers were provided with information about diabetes and help them , identification of the problem, clearly , How does gestational diabetes affect mother and her child?2‐ In the second session setting the goals of consultation in gdm In this session participants were Helped understand their abilities, participants were educated to understand each other's perspectives, motivating each other, who is at risk for pregnancy complications , creation of alternative solutions, the participants were taught about the effect of the diabet on pregnancy and self‐care (nutrition, physical activity, prevention of infection, vaccination, drug, etc.). 3 In the third session,‐‐Change viewpoint and highlight self‐efficacy In this session, the participants were taught about the effect of the diabet on pregnancy and self‐care (nutrition, physical activity prevention of infection, vaccination, drug, etc assessment of consequences, selection of the solution , how to treat gestational diabetes, diet and exercise in gestational diabetes and self care, daydreaming.). Principles of self‐care‐ 4In the forth session‐ use of Practical Techniques in problem solving and the Nutritionist's Guide and exercise and treatment In Gestational Diabetes were taught, the interventionist emphasized understanding oneâ€™s own thoughts and feelings and modifying self‐dialogue towards more positive messaging. Therefore, the patients were taught to reflect on their thinking and respond to situations, solved the problems, and used their thoughts to help follow thr CONDITION: O24.41 stress,anexity,depression, in mothers with gdm. ; Gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anexity score in dass21 scale. Timepoint: Before intervention,6 week and 16 week after intervention. Method of measurement: dass21 scale. Behavioral sterategies for coping with steress. Timepoint: Before intervention,6 week and 16 week after intervention. Method of measurement: ciss scale. Depression score in dass21 scale. Timepoint: Before intervention,6 week and 16 week after intervention. Method of measurement: dass21 scale. Stress score in dass21 scale. Timepoint: Before intervention, 6 week and 16 week after intervention. Method of measurement: dass21 scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Self efficacy. Timepoint: Before intervention,6 week ,16 week after intervention. Method of measurement: Dmses scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Mothers at10‐38 week gestational age Mothers Have at least a fifth grade(primary) education non‐smoking and no addiction to psychological drug or alcohol,... no history of medical illnesses, such as, cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, epilepsy, migraine, thyroid disease, connective tissue disease, asthma, respiratory disorders, kidney failure, anemia, and stroke, no histotry of hospitalization due to mental illnesses or abuse of psychological drugs under insulin treatment singleton pregnancy
 Glibenclamide effect on maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes;  INTERVENTION: In insulin group, treated will be start with 0.2 U/kg insulin twice daily injections subcutaneously. If needed, it will increase every 3 days to achieve normal levels of blood sugar. The patient's blood sugar will be measured 4 times daily (fasting, 2 hours after breakfast, two hours after lunch and 2 hours after dinner). In the glibenclamide group, patients will take 1.25 mg oral tablet glibenclamid, once daily and If need, it will increase three days to reach the maximum daily 20 mg.If glibenclamide reach to maximum dose and after 2 weeks, the blood sugar level was not normal, the patient will be treated with insulin. Intervention 1: In the glibenclamide group, patients will take 1.25 mg oral tablet glibenclamid, once daily and If need, it will increase three days to reach the maximum daily 20 mg.If glibenclamide reach to maximum dose and after 2 weeks, the blood sugar level was not normal, the patient will be treated with insulin. Intervention 2: In insulin group, treated will be start with 0.2 U/kg insulin twice daily injections subcutaneously. If needed, it will increase every 3 days to achieve normal levels of blood sugar. The patient's blood sugar will be measured 4 times daily (fasting, 2 hours after breakfast, two hours after lunch and 2 hours after dinner). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, unspecified Gestational diabet. ; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: APGAR score. Timepoint: APGAR score 1and 5 minute after birth. Method of measurement: Observation and examination. Birth Mother Trauma. Timepoint: During and after childbirth. Method of measurement: Observation. Birth Mother Trauma. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: Observation. Birthweight and birthweight percentiles. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: Scales and calculate percentile. Blood calcium. Timepoint: One week after birth. Method of measurement: Blood test. Blood Sugar. Timepoint: From one half hour up to 3 hours. Method of measurement: Blood test. Fetal anomaly. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: Observation. Maternal hypoglycemia. Timepoint: Once every three days until it becomes normal and then 4 times a day every week until delivery. Method of measurement: Blood glucose testing in the Shabih Khani hospital laboratory. Method of delivery. Timepoint: Date of Birth. Method of measurement: Observation. Neonatal icterus. Timepoint: One week after birth. Method of measurement: Blood sugar. Perinatal death. Timepoint: ?From the second half of gestation to 28 days after birth. Method of measurement: Follow the samples and study their documents. Preeclapsia. Timepoint: ?From the second half of pregnancy up to 24 hours after birth. Method of measurement: Blood pressure measurement, urinalysis, and clinical symptoms examination. Respiratory distress. Timepoint: Immediately to 4 hours after birth. Method of measurement: Observation and examination of newborn. Shoulder dystocia. Timepoint: In the delivery room. Method of measurement: Observation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Need to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit. Timepoint: From birth until one week after delivery. Method of measurement: Follow up with the call and physical exam in infants hospitalized. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: female age between 18 to 45 years; singleton pregnancy; no history of diabetes before pregnancy; gestational age between 11‐33 weeks Exclusion criteria: premature rupture of membrane; severe infectious diseases; cardiovascular diseases; acute respiratory failure; hematological disease; renal disease; liver disease
 Lactate, rather than ketones, may provide alternative cerebral fuel in hypoglycaemic newborns;  OBJECTIVE: Alternative cerebral fuels are reputed to provide neuroprotection during hypoglycaemia, particularly in breastfed babies. We measured concentrations of alternative cerebral fuels in hypoglycaemic babies in the first 48 h. PATIENT AND METHODS: Babies were ≥35 weeks, ≤48 h old and at risk of hypoglycaemia (infant of diabetic, preterm, small or large). Plasma glucose, β‐hydroxybutyrate, lactate and insulin concentrations were measured in babies who had been hypoglycaemic (<2.6 mM) for >1 h. RESULTS: Samples were taken from 35 hypoglycaemic babies at 3.7; 1.8‐39.6 (median; range) hours after birth. Concentrations of glucose and β‐hydroxybutyrate were low (2.03; 0.19‐3.39 mM and 0.06; 0.00‐1.20 mM), but lactate concentrations varied widely (3.06; 0.02‐7.96 mM). Infants of diabetics had lower β‐hydroxybutyrate and higher insulin concentrations, but mode of feeding did not influence plasma concentrations of alternative cerebral fuels. CONCLUSIONS: Hypoglycaemic babies within the first 48 h after birth are unlikely to receive neuroprotection from ketones. However, lactate may provide an alternative cerebral fuel for many. Lactate, rather than ketones, may provide alternative cerebral fuel in hypoglycaemic newborns. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12608000623392.
 Haptoglobin phenotype, preeclampsia risk and response to vitamin c and e supplementation in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes;  Objective: Haptoglobin is a powerful antioxidant and proangiogenic factor, however the proangiogenic and antioxidant capacities of haptolgobin differ between the 1‐1, 2‐1 and 2‐2 phenotypes. Haptoglobin phenotype predicts cardiovascular risk and responsiveness to vitamin E, or vitamin C and E, supplementation in non‐pregnant individuals with diabetes. This study determines whether haptoglobin phenotype influences preeclampsia risk, or the effectiveness of Vitamin C and E in preventing preeclampsia, in women with Type 1 diabetes. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial in which 762 women with Type 1 diabetes received daily vitamins C and E, or placebo, from 8‐22 weeks gestation until delivery. Haptoglobin phenotype was determined in white women who completed the study, and had samples available (n=685). Results: Compared to haptoglobin 2‐2, haptoglobin 1‐1 (odds ratio: 0.67 (95% confidence interval: 0.34‐1.34)) and 2‐1 (1.07 (0.69‐1.65)) were not associated with significantly decreased preeclampsia risk. Vitamins C and E did not prevent preeclampsia in women of any haptoglobin phenotype. Conclusions: Haptoglobin phenotype did not significantly affect preeclampsia risk, or modify the effectiveness of Vitamins C and E in preventing preeclampsia, in women with Type 1 diabetes. (Table Presented).
 Outpatient cervical ripening by nitric oxide donors for prolonged pregnancy: a randomized controlled trial;  OBJECTIVE: To assess whether outpatient cervical ripening at 41 0/7 weeks of gestation with the nitric oxide donor isosorbide mononitrate reduces cesarean delivery rates in nulliparous women with an unfavorable cervix. METHODS: We recruited nulliparous pregnant women with a Bishop score less than 6 in a randomized, multicenter, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Women received 40 mg vaginal isosorbide mononitrate or a placebo at 41 0/7, 41 2/7, and 41 4/7 weeks of gestation. They returned home between visits. At 41 5/7 weeks of gestation, for women who had not yet given birth, labor was induced with oxytocin or prostaglandins, depending on cervical status. We needed 685 women per group to detect a 25% reduction in the cesarean delivery rate, the primary outcome measure, from 25% in the placebo group to 18.75% in the isosorbide mononitrate group (1‐β=0.8, α=0.05, two‐sided). RESULTS: The NOCETER (NO donors for reduction of CEsareans at TERm) trial was a negative study. The cesarean delivery rate was 27.3% (185/678) in the isosorbide mononitrate group and 27.2% (186/684) in the placebo group (relative risk 1.00, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.84‐1.19). None of the maternal secondary efficacy outcomes differed between groups. Side effects were more common among women receiving isosorbide mononitrate than in the placebo group (78.8% [534/678] compared with 27.9% [191/684], relative risk 2.82, 95% CI 2.49‐3.20). Composite perinatal morbidity did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: Outpatient cervical ripening with vaginal isosorbide mononitrate for prolonged pregnancy in nulliparous women does not reduce cesarean delivery rate. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00930618.
 Effect of physical activity group counseling on blood glucose and pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: based on the theory of planned behavior;  INTERVENTION: According to the Protocol of our country, before insulin therapy in women with gestational diabetes advice regimen and physical activity is recommended for 2 weeks after diagnosing of diseases. In this study, the intervention will be done at this stage of the disease. Physical activity group counseling will be done at 6 meeting within two weeks. The content of counseling will be related to activities in four areas, activity in the house, the walk, exercised and business activities and based on theory of planned behavior (behavioral intention, attitude, subjective norm and perceived control) will be implemented. In counseling, participants better know their disease and self‐care behaviors such as physical activity through conversations with advisers in an environment full of compromise. They learn how to make decisions, and finally find the solution to their problem. The combination of counseling with theories of health education can provide a clear framework for the guidance of the c Intervention 1: The control group will receive only routine care including nutritional counseling and expert advice to regulate blood sugar. Intervention 2: According to the Protocol of our country, before insulin therapy in women with gestational diabetes advice regimen and physical activity is recommended for 2 weeks after diagnosing of diseases. In this study, the intervention will be done at this stage of the disease. Physical activity group counseling will be done at 6 meeting within two weeks. The content of counseling will be related to activities in four areas, activity in the house, the walk, exercised and business activities and based on theory of planned behavior (behavioral intention, attitude, subjective norm and perceived control) will be implemented. In counseling, participants better know their disease and self‐care behaviors such as physical activity through conversations with advisers in an environment full of compromise. They learn how to make decisions, and finally find the solution to their problem. The combination of counseling with theories of health education can provide a clear framework for the guidance of the consultant's advice. Lifestyle The control group will receive only routine care including nutritional counseling and expert advice to regulate blood sugar. CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy Gestational Diabetes. ; Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2 hours post prandial blood sugar. Timepoint: Before and 6 weeks after intervention/ daily. Method of measurement: Glucometer. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: Before and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic glucose oxidase. Hb A1c. Timepoint: Before and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Kali Metric. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Maternal outcome. Timepoint: 24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Check list. Neonatal Outcome. Timepoint: 24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Check list. Physical activity. Timepoint: Before and 2, 4 and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Standard questionnaire of physical activity in pregnancy. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: healthy pregnant women with gestational diabetes at 26 to 30 weeks of pregnancy; consent to participate in the study; be resident in Zanjan city; no history or risk of premature labor, threatened abortion, incompetent cervix, multiple pregnancy, intrauterine growth retardation in recent pregnancy, chronic disease before and during pregnancy (known as pulmonary heart disease, seizures, and thrombophilia, pulmonary embolism, chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hemoglobin less than 10 mg per deciliter ml). Exclusion criteria: if participants have restrictions or prohibition of physical activity or exercise side effects, and the loss of any of the criteria will be excluded.
 The Society for Obstetric Anesthesia and Perinatology Coronavirus Disease 2019 Registry: an Analysis of Outcomes Among Pregnant Women Delivering During the Initial Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2 Outbreak in the United States;  BACKGROUND: Early reports associating severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus‐2 (SARS‐CoV‐2) infection with adverse pregnancy outcomes were biased by including only women with severe disease without controls. The Society for Obstetric Anesthesia and Perinatology (SOAP) coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID‐19) registry was created to compare peripartum outcomes and anesthetic utilization in women with and without SARS‐CoV‐2 infection delivering at institutions with widespread testing. METHODS: Deliveries from 14 US medical centers, from March 19 to May 31, 2020, were included. Peripartum infection was defined as a positive SARS‐CoV‐2 polymerase chain reaction test within 14 days of delivery. Consecutive SARS‐CoV‐2‐infected patients with randomly selected control patients were sampled (1:2 ratio) with controls delivering during the same day without a positive test. Outcomes were obstetric (eg, delivery mode, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and delivery <37 weeks), an adverse neonatal outcome composite measure (primary), and anesthetic utilization (eg, neuraxial labor analgesia and anesthesia). Outcomes were analyzed using generalized estimating equations to account for clustering within centers. Sensitivity analyses compared symptomatic and asymptomatic patients to controls. RESULTS: One thousand four hundred fifty four peripartum women were included: 490 with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection (176 [35.9%] symptomatic) and 964 were controls. SARS‐CoV‐2 patients were slightly younger, more likely nonnulliparous, nonwhite, and Hispanic than controls. They were more likely to have diabetes, obesity, or cardiac disease and less likely to have autoimmune disease. After adjustment for confounders, individuals experiencing SARS‐CoV‐2 infection exhibited an increased risk for delivery <37 weeks of gestation compared to controls, 73 (14.8%) vs 98 (10.2%) (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.47; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.03‐2.09). Effect estimates for other obstetric outcomes and the neonatal composite outcome measure were not meaningfully different between SARS‐CoV‐2 patients versus controls. In sensitivity analyses, compared to controls, symptomatic SARS‐CoV‐2 patients exhibited increases in cesarean delivery (aOR, 1.57; 95% CI, 1.09‐2.27), postpartum length of stay (aOR, 1.89; 95% CI, 1.18‐2.60), and delivery <37 weeks of gestation (aOR, 2.08; 95% CI, 1.29‐3.36). These adverse outcomes were not found in asymptomatic women versus controls. SARS‐CoV‐2 patients (asymptomatic and symptomatic) were less likely to receive neuraxial labor analgesia (aOR, 0.52; 95% CI, 0.35‐0.75) and more likely to receive general anesthesia for cesarean delivery (aOR, 3.69; 95% CI, 1.40‐9.74) due to maternal respiratory failure. CONCLUSIONS: In this large, multicenter US cohort study of women with and without peripartum SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, differences in obstetric and neonatal outcomes seem to be mostly driven by symptomatic patients. Lower utilization of neuraxial analgesia in laboring patients with asymptomatic or symptomatic infection compared to patients without infection requires further investigation.
 BRAzil magnesium (BRAMAG) trial: a double-masked randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy;  BACKGROUND: There is conflicting evidence about the role of oral magnesium supplementation in the prevention of preterm birth and related adverse outcomes. The objective of this study was to compare magnesium citrate with placebo in the prevention of adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes among women at higher risk. METHODS: This multicenter, double‐masked, placebo‐controlled randomized superiority clinical trial compared oral magnesium citrate 300 mg to matched placebo, from 12 to 20 weeks' gestation until delivery. This trial was completed in three centers in northeastern Brazil. Eligible women were those with a singleton pregnancy and ≥ 1 risk factor, such as prior preterm birth or preeclampsia, or current chronic hypertension or pre‐pregnancy diabetes mellitus, age > 35 years or elevated body mass index. The primary perinatal composite outcome comprised preterm birth < 37 weeks' gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks, neonatal death or NICU admission < 28 days after birth, or small for gestational age birthweight < 3rd percentile. The co‐primary maternal composite outcome comprised preeclampsia or eclampsia < 37 weeks, severe gestational hypertension < 37 weeks, placental abruption, or maternal stroke or death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery. RESULTS: Analyses comprised 407 women who received magnesium citrate and 422 who received placebo. The perinatal composite outcome occurred among 75 (18.4%) in the magnesium arm and 76 (18.0%) in the placebo group ‐ an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 1.10 (95% CI 0.72‐1.68). The maternal composite outcome occurred among 49 (12.0%) women in the magnesium arm and 41 women (9.7%) in the placebo group ‐ an aOR of 1.29 (95% CI 0.83‐2.00). CONCLUSIONS: Oral magnesium citrate supplementation did not appear to reduce adverse perinatal or maternal outcomes in high‐risk singleton pregnancies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02032186, registered January 9, 2014.
 The impact of time of delivery on gestations complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes: daytime versus nighttime;  Background: Perinatal death, in particular intrapartum stillbirth and short‐term neonatal death, as well as neonatal short‐term and long‐term morbidity have been associated with the time of day that the birth occurs. Indeed, evening and nighttime deliveries were associated with an increased risk of an adverse perinatal outcome when compared to similar daytime deliveries. Impact of shift change, as well as time of day delivery have been extensively studied in the context of maternal and neonatal complications of cesarean delivery, however, no studies were previously performed on timing of delivery and its effect on the outcome of pregnancies complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes. Objective: Our objective was to compare obstetric, neonatal as well as long‐term outcomes between women delivered in the daytime versus nighttime, in singleton gestations whose pregnancies were complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes. Study design: This was a secondary analysis of a trial of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Maternal‐Fetal Medicine Units Network “A Randomized Clinical Trial of the Beneficial Effects of Antenatal Magnesium Sulfate for the Prevention of Cerebral Palsy.” For this analysis, the time of delivery was divided into the daytime, from 07:01 to 19:00, and the nighttime, from 19:01 to 07:00. Epidemiological, obstetric characteristics as well as neonatal and long‐term outcomes were compared between deliveries occurring during the daytime versus the nighttime periods. Inclusion criteria consisted of singleton gestations diagnosed with preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). Multifetal gestations and pregnancies with preterm labor without preterm premature rupture of membranes were excluded. Results: A total of 1752 patients met inclusion criteria, 881 delivering during the daytime, while 871 during the nighttime. There were no differences in demographic maternal variables. There were no differences in the number of patients receiving steroids and the doses of steroids. Antibiotic prophylaxis was also equal in both groups. Postpartum endometritis, chorioamnionitis, and the latency to delivery were also equivalent between both the groups. Cesarean delivery for distress was the only different outcome, more prevalent in daytime deliveries (157 (44.7%) versus 108 (35.9%) of the nighttime ones p =.02). Neonatal adverse outcomes as well as long‐term outcomes were similar between the two groups. Conclusions: In the setting of delivery at a tertiary care center, and in the era of universal use of steroids, and latency antibiotics for the management of preterm premature of membranes, there is no marked difference in pregnancy, neonatal as well as long‐term outcomes for infants delivered in the daytime versus nighttime.
 Chorioamnionitis versus intraamniotic infection among preterm deliveries-is postpartum infectious morbidity different?;  Background: Chorioamnionitis can have a highly variable definition with substantial maternal and fetal morbidity, with higher frequencies in preterm births. With the recently updated intraamniotic infection diagnostic criteria by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, fewer women experiencing preterm delivery may qualify for intrapartum antibiotic treatment, potentially resulting in higher postpartum infectious morbidity. Objective: This study aimed to estimate whether the proportion of women delivering preterm who develop postpartum endometritis differs between subjects diagnosed as having clinical chorioamnionitis and those meeting the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists’ criteria for intraamniotic infection. Study Design: Secondary analysis was conducted using a randomized controlled trial of antenatal magnesium sulfate for the prevention of cerebral palsy. Subjects were included if they had a clinical diagnosis of chorioamnionitis and maternal temperature of ≥37.8°C and excluded if maternal temperature data were missing. The exposure group included women who met the criteria for intraamniotic infection, defined as a single maternal temperature of ≥39.0°C or maternal temperature of 38.0°C to 38.9°C plus 1 additional clinical risk factor (leukocytosis, purulent cervical drainage, or fetal tachycardia). The primary outcome was postpartum endometritis. The odds of postpartum endometritis were compared between women with intraamniotic infection and women with clinical chorioamnionitis, after adjusting for potential confounders using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Of the original study population, 258 of 2241 (11.8%) subjects met the criteria for chorioamnionitis. Nearly all subjects (98.5%) received antibiotic treatment between randomization and delivery. A total of 144 subjects (55.8%) met the criteria for intraamniotic infection, whereas 114 (44%) only met the criteria for clinical chorioamnionitis. A total of 40 women (15.5%) experienced postpartum endometritis. Women with intraamniotic infection had higher parity (P=.02) and higher maximum maternal temperature (P<.001) and were more likely to have received antibiotic treatment (P=.04). Postpartum endometritis rates were similar between subjects with chorioamnionitis and intraamniotic infection (12% vs 18%; P=.50). After adjustment for potential confounders, the odds of developing postpartum endometritis did not differ between subjects who met the criteria for intraamniotic infection and those who did not (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 0.62–2.62). Conclusion: Patients delivering preterm who receive a diagnosis of clinical chorioamnionitis in the intrapartum period seem to have similar odds of developing postpartum endometritis as those meeting the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists’ criteria for intraamniotic infection, suggesting that this group remains at a high risk for postpartum infectious complications.
 The effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-CRP, and malondialdehyde, as major CVD-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study;  Background: Women with GDM have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, synbiotics have been demonstrated to have favorable impacts on atherogenic indices, and inflammatory and oxidative stress indicators, all of which are known to be CVD‐predictive factors. The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on the atherogenic indices of plasma, high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) in women with GDM. Methods: Eligible pregnant women with GDM were randomized into two groups to receive a daily synbiotic capsule [500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 × 1010 CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 × 1010 CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 × 109 CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 × 1010 CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo‐oligo‐saccharides], or placebo, for 6 weeks. The ratios of TC/HDL‐C, LDL/HDL‐C, and logTG/HDL‐C were calculated as the atherogenic indices. Serum hs‐CRP and MDA concentrations were quantified before and after the intervention. Cohen’s d(d) was used to calculate the magnitude of the effect. Results: Ninety participants completed the study. There was no significant difference in dietary antioxidant and mineral intakes between the two groups. Compared with placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in logTG/HDL‐C ratio with a medium–low effect size (mean difference = −0.11; 95% CI −0.21, 0; P values for the placebo and the intervention groups were 0.02, and 0.042, respectively; P between groups = 0.003; d = 0.25). No significant changes were observed in other parameters. Conclusions: Overall, 6 weeks of synbiotic supplementation in women with GDM resulted in a significant improvement in logTG/HDL‐C, suggesting that synbiotics may have a beneficial role in reducing the risk of future CVDs associated with GDM. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial Registration IRCT201511183140N16 (December 29th, 2015).
 Preeclampsia in high risk women is characterized by risk group-specific abnormalities in serum biomarkers;  Objective To determine if early pregnancy serum biomarkers in high‐risk women who develop preeclampsia vary according to risk factor. Study Design We performed a secondary analysis of the Maternal‐Fetal Medicine Units Network randomized controlled trial of low‐dose aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia in high‐risk women. Serum biomarker levels at enrollment (before initiation of aspirin or placebo) were compared between women who did and did not develop preeclampsia, both for the group as a whole and within each of 4 high‐risk groups (insulin‐dependent diabetes, hypertension, multiple gestation, and previous preeclampsia) using a regression model adjusting for gestational age at collection and prepregnancy body mass index. Results 1258 women were included (233 with insulin‐dependent diabetes, 387 with chronic hypertension, 315 with a multiple gestation, 323 with previous preeclampsia). Multiple early pregnancy serum biomarkers differed between women who did and did not develop preeclampsia. Each high‐risk group had a unique and largely nonoverlapping pattern of biomarker abnormality. Differences between those who did and did not develop preeclampsia were noted in vascular cell adhesion molecule in the diabetes group; human chorionic gonadotropin, soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor‐2, tumor necrosis factor‐alpha, selectin and angiogenin in the chronic hypertension group; interleukin‐6, placental growth factor, soluble fms‐like tyrosine kinase plus endoglin to placental growth factor ratio in the multiple gestation group; and angiogenin in the previous preeclampsia group. Conclusion Patterns of serum biomarkers vary by high‐risk group. These data support the hypothesis that multiple pathogenic pathways lead to the disease recognized clinically as preeclampsia.
 Postpartum perception of cardiovascular risk and risk modification in patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy;  Objective: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with future cardiovascular risk. We sought to assess risk‐perception for future hypertension (HTN) among individuals with HDP undergoing postpartum blood pressure monitoring and a lifestyle intervention. Study Design: We utilized data from a randomized clinical trial of overweight and obese individuals with HDP and no pre‐pregnancy HTN. Participants were randomized postpartum to usual care, home blood pressure monitoring (HBPM), and HBPM with a remote lifestyle intervention. We collected data at enrollment and one year postpartum to assess effects of the interventions, disease severity, and need for anti‐hypertensive medications on participants’ perception of risk. Questions were adapted from Kim and Walker’s validated survey of chronic diabetes risk in those with gestational diabetes (scale 1‐5; 5 indicating higher risk perception). We compared data across groups using Wilcoxon rank‐sum test. Multivariable logistic regression was used to model odds of ‘high’ risk perception at follow‐up (score >4). Results: Complete data was available on 129 of the 148 participants (87%). Overall, those with HDP saw themselves as high risk for developing HTN (median 4 [IQR 3,4]) at enrollment (mean 10.5±6.1 weeks postpartum). Participants randomized to lifestyle intervention or HBPM had higher risk perception at one‐year postpartum compared to control (median change 0 [0,1] and 0 [0,1] vs 0 [‐1, 0], respectively, p=0.04). After controlling for arm, those with preterm deliveries or who were on anti‐hypertensives were more likely to see themselves as high risk compared to those with term deliveries or who did not need medications, respectively. Conclusion: Risk perception for future HTN in individuals with HDP is high overall. It is affected by factors such as disease severity and anti‐hypertensive use and may be higher following participation in postpartum interventions. Understanding factors that influence risk perception following HDP may lead to more informed counseling and the adoption of programs which modify risk perception and mitigate future CVD risk. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 Optimal Timing of Delivery for Pregnant Individuals With Mild Chronic Hypertension;  OBJECTIVE: To investigate the optimal gestational age to deliver pregnant people with chronic hypertension to improve perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a planned secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial of chronic hypertension treatment to different blood pressure goals. Participants with term, singleton gestations were included. Those with fetal anomalies and those with a diagnosis of preeclampsia before 37 weeks of gestation were excluded. The primary maternal composite outcome included death, serious morbidity (heart failure, stroke, encephalopathy, myocardial infarction, pulmonary edema, intensive care unit admission, intubation, renal failure), preeclampsia with severe features, hemorrhage requiring blood transfusion, or abruption. The primary neonatal outcome included fetal or neonatal death, respiratory support beyond oxygen mask, Apgar score less than 3 at 5 minutes, neonatal seizures, or suspected sepsis. Secondary outcomes included intrapartum cesarean birth, length of stay, neonatal intensive care unit admission, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), transient tachypnea of the newborn, and hypoglycemia. Those with a planned delivery were compared with those expectantly managed at each gestational week. Adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs are reported. RESULTS: We included 1,417 participants with mild chronic hypertension; 305 (21.5%) with a new diagnosis in pregnancy and 1,112 (78.5%) with known preexisting hypertension. Groups differed by body mass index (BMI) and preexisting diabetes. In adjusted models, there was no association between planned delivery and the primary maternal or neonatal composite outcome in any gestational age week compared with expectant management. Planned delivery at 37 weeks of gestation was associated with RDS (7.9% vs 3.0%, aOR 2.70, 95% CI, 1.40‐5.22), and planned delivery at 37 and 38 weeks was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia (19.4% vs 10.7%, aOR 1.97, 95% CI, 1.27‐3.08 in week 37; 14.4% vs 7.7%, aOR 1.82, 95% CI, 1.06‐3.10 in week 38). CONCLUSION: Planned delivery in the early‐term period compared with expectant management was not associated with a reduction in adverse maternal outcomes. However, it was associated with increased odds of some neonatal complications. Delivery timing for individuals with mild chronic hypertension should weigh maternal and neonatal outcomes in each gestational week but may be optimized by delivery at 39 weeks.
 Cardiovascular outcomes 50 years after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: follow-up of a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled trial;  Background Antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long‐term health. This study assessed cardiovascular outcomes at 50 years after antenatal exposure to corticosteroids. Methods and findings We assessed the adult offspring of women who participated in the first randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (1969 to 1974). The first 717 mothers received 2 intramuscular injections of 12 mg betamethasone or placebo 24 h apart and the subsequent 398 received 2 injections of 24 mg betamethasone or equivalent volume of placebo. Follow‐up included a health questionnaire and consent to access administrative data sources. The co‐primary outcomes were the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, or prediabetes) and age at first major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularisation, stroke, admission for peripheral vascular disease, and admission for heart failure). Analyses were adjusted for gestational age at entry, sex, and clustering. Of 1,218 infants born to 1,115 mothers, we followed up 424 (46% of survivors; 212 [50%] female) at mean (standard deviation) age 49.3 (1.0) years. There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone or placebo for cardiovascular risk factors (159/229 [69.4%] versus 131/195 [67.2%]; adjusted relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.89, 1.18;]; p = 0.735) or age at first MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.58, 95% CI [0.23, 1.49]; p = 0.261). There were also no differences in the components of these composite outcomes or in any of the other secondary outcomes. Key limitations were follow‐up rate and lack of in‐person assessments. Conclusions There is no evidence that antenatal corticosteroids increase the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or incidence of cardiovascular events up to 50 years of age. Established benefits of antenatal corticosteroids are not outweighed by an increase in adult cardiovascular disease.
 Metformin for diabetes prevention: update of the evidence base;  We have conducted a narrative review based on a structured search strategy, focusing on the effects of metformin on the progression of non‐diabetic hyperglycemia to clinical type 2 diabetes mellitus. The principal trials that demonstrated a significantly lower incidence of diabetes in at‐risk populations randomized to metformin (mostly with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) were published mainly from 1999 to 2012. Metformin reduced the 3‐year risk of diabetes by −31% in the randomized phase of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), vs. −58% for intensive lifestyle intervention (ILI). Metformin was most effective in younger, heavier subjects. Diminishing but still significant reductions in diabetes risk for subjects originally randomized to these groups were present in the trial’s epidemiological follow‐up, the DPP Outcomes Study (DPPOS) at 10 years (−18 and −34%, respectively), 15 years (−18 and −27%), and 22 years (−18 and −25%). Long‐term weight loss was also seen in both groups, with better maintenance under metformin. Subgroup analyses from the DPP/DPPOS have shed important light on the actions of metformin, including a greater effect in women with prior gestational diabetes, and a reduction in coronary artery calcium in men that might suggest a cardioprotective effect. Improvements in long‐term clinical outcomes with metformin in people with non‐diabetic hyperglycemia (“prediabetes”) have yet to be demonstrated, but cardiovascular and microvascular benefits were seen for those in the DPPOS who did not vs. did develop diabetes. Multiple health economic analyses suggest that either metformin or ILI is cost‐effective in a community setting. Long‐term diabetes prevention with metformin is feasible and is supported in influential guidelines for selected groups of subjects. Future research will demonstrate whether intervention with metformin in people with non‐diabetic hyperglycemia will improve long‐term clinical outcomes.
 Polycystic ovarian syndrome--prognosis and treatment outcomes;  PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovarian syndrome is the commonest endocrine disorder of reproductive‐age women. It may have implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility, insulin resistance and elevated androgens. Furthermore, patients are prone to health problems in later life, including diabetes and cardiovascular risk. This review provides an update of recent findings for the management of polycystic ovarian syndrome. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies have been performed to determine the best first‐line medication for ovulation induction in polycystic ovarian syndrome. Meta‐analyses have been performed to determine whether metformin should be used as an adjunct in IVF in women with this syndrome and to determine whether metformin or the oral contraceptive pill should be used for symptom control. Adverse features of this syndrome can be improved by diet and exercise. Evidence for the longer‐term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes, and for its pregnancy use to reduce gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal macrosomia is lacking, although evidence for a reduction in miscarriage in insulin‐resistant patients is accumulating. SUMMARY: Recent studies have sought to clarify the serious short‐term clinical problems faced by women with polycystic ovarian syndrome; however, studies looking to the long term to address cardiovascular and diabetic conversion are still required.
 Effectiveness and short-term safety of modified sodium hyaluronic acid-carboxymethylcellulose at cesarean delivery: a randomized trial;  Background The rising cesarean birth rate has drawn attention to risks associated with repeat cesarean birth. Prevention of adhesions with adhesion barriers has been promoted as a way to decrease operative difficulty. However, robust data demonstrating effectiveness of such interventions are lacking. Objective We report data from a multicenter trial designed to evaluate the short‐term safety and effectiveness of a modified sodium hyaluronic acid (HA)‐carboxymethylcellulose (CMC) absorbable adhesion barrier for reduction of adhesions following cesarean delivery. Study Design Patients who underwent primary or repeat cesarean delivery were included in this multicenter, single‐blinded (patient), randomized controlled trial. Patients were randomized into either HA‐CMC (N = 380) or no treatment (N = 373). No other modifications to their treatment were part of the protocol. Short‐term safety data were collected following randomization. The location and density of adhesions (primary outcome) were assessed at their subsequent delivery using a validated tool, which can also be used to derive an adhesion score that ranges from 0‐12. Results No differences in baseline characteristics, postoperative course, or incidence of complications between the groups following randomization were noted. Eighty patients from the HA‐CMC group and 92 controls returned for subsequent deliveries. Adhesions in any location were reported in 75.6% of the HA‐CMC group and 75.9% of the controls (P =.99). There was no significant difference in the median adhesion score; 2 (range 0‐10) for the HA‐CMC group vs 2 (range 0‐8) for the control group (P =.65). One third of the HA‐CMC patients met the definition for severe adhesions (adhesion score >4) compared to 15.5% in the control group (P =.052). There were no significant differences in the time from incision to delivery (P =.56). Uterine dehiscence in the next pregnancy was reported in 2 patients in HA‐CMC group vs 1 in the control group (P =.60). Conclusion Although we did not identify any short‐term safety concerns, HA‐CMC adhesion barrier applied at cesarean delivery did not reduce adhesion formation at the subsequent cesarean delivery.
 498: maternal diabetes and intrapartum fetal electrocardiogram (ECG);  Objective: Fetal ECG ST‐depression and ST‐elevation are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Diabetes is known to affect the fetal heart. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether these ST‐changes occur more frequently in fetuses of mothers with pre‐gestational diabetes mellitus (Pre‐DM) or gestational DM (GDM) as compared to those without (No DM). Study Design: We performed a secondary analysis of a large, multi‐centered randomized‐controlled trial conducted at 26 US hospitals. Laboring women with singleton pregnancies at 36 weeks gestation or greater had fetal ECG scalp electrodes (Neoventa S31) placed and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST‐ segment readings. In our analysis, we included subjects with available ECG‐waveform analysis and excluded those with major fetal anomalies. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST‐changes (ST‐ depression or ST‐elevation without ST‐depression) compared according to whether women had pre‐DM, GDM and No DM. Separate analyses were conducted for the first stage and the second stage of labor. Univariable analyses were performed to compare maternal characteristics across groups. All significant covariates (P<0.05) and duration of ECG monitoring were included in multivariable logistic regression models. Results: Our study included 5,436 eligible women in the first stage of labor and 4,427 who then progressed to the second. Maternal characteristics, several of which differed between groups, are displayed in Table 1. In the adjusted model, ST‐depression occurred significantly more frequently in the fetal ECG tracings in the first stage of labor (aOR 2.14, CI 1.08‐4.23) in Pre‐DM compared to no DM. ST‐depression occurred more frequently in GDM compared to no DM, however this difference did not achieve statistical significance (aOR 1.50, CI 1.00‐2.26). In the second stage of labor, ST‐elevation occurred more frequently in Pre‐DM (aOR 1.91, CI 1.06‐3.43) but not GDM (aOR 1.12, CI 0.81‐ 1.56), and ST‐depression occurred more frequently in GDM (aOR 2.18, CI 1.08‐4.39) as compared to No DM (Table 2). Conclusion: ST‐changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers. The effects of diabetes on the fetal heart are not limited to structural abnormalities. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
 45 Optimal Gestational Age for Delivery of Pregnant Individuals with Mild Chronic Hypertension;  Objective: ACOG recommends delivery as early as 37w0d gestation to as late as 39w6d for chronic hypertension (CHTN). Our aim was to investigate the optimal gestational age to deliver pregnant people with CHTN to improve perinatal outcomes. Study Design: Secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial of CHTN treatment to different blood pressure goals. Participants with a term, singleton gestation were included. Pregnancies with fetal anomalies and those with a diagnosis of preeclampsia (preE) or gestational HTN < 37 weeks were excluded. The primary maternal composite outcome included death, serious morbidity (heart failure, stroke, encephalopathy, MI, pulmonary edema, ICU, intubation, renal failure), preE with severe features, hemorrhage requiring blood transfusion, or abruption. The primary neonatal outcome included fetal or neonatal death, respiratory support beyond oxygen mask, Apgar < 3 at 5 minutes, neonatal seizures, proven sepsis. Secondary outcomes included cesarean birth, length of stay, NICU admission, suspected sepsis, RDS, TTN, hypoglycemia. Those with a planned delivery were compared with those expectantly managed at each gestational week. Adjusted odds ratios with 95% CIs are reported. Results: 1,417 participants with mild CHTN were included; 305 (21.5%) with a new diagnosis in pregnancy and 1112 (78.5%) with known pre‐existing HTN. Groups differed by BMI and pre‐existing diabetes. In adjusted models, there was not an association between planned delivery and the maternal composite outcome in any gestational age week compared with expectant management (Table). Planned delivery in week 37 was associated with cesarean birth. Planned delivery in week 37 and 38 was associated with adverse neonatal outcomes (Table). Conclusion: Planned delivery in the early term period compared with expectant management was not associated with a reduction in adverse maternal outcomes and increased the odds of cesarean delivery. Early term delivery was also associated with an increase in neonatal complications. Delivery timing should weigh maternal and neonatal outcomes in each gestational week. [Formula presented]
 Antenatal prediction models for short- and medium-term outcomes in preterm infants;  Introduction: In extremely and very preterm infants, predicting individual risks for adverse outcomes antenatally is challenging but necessary for risk‐stratified perinatal management and parents’ participation in decision‐making about treatment. Our aim was to develop and validate prediction models for short‐term (neonatal period) and medium‐term (3 years of age) outcomes based on antenatal maternal and fetal factors alone. Material and methods: A population‐based study was conducted on 31 157 neonates weighing ≤1500 g and born between 22 and 31 weeks of gestation registered in the Neonatal Research Network of Japan during 2006–2015. Short‐term outcomes were assessed in 31 157 infants and medium‐term outcomes were assessed in 13 751 infants among the 31 157 infants. The clinical data were randomly divided into training and validation data sets in a ratio of 2:1. The prediction models were developed by factors selected using stepwise logistic regression from 12 antenatal maternal and fetal factors with the training data set. The number of factors incorporated into the model varied from 3 to 10, on the basis of each outcome. To evaluate predictive performance, the area under the receiver operating characteristics curve (AUROC) was calculated for each outcome with the validation data set. Results: Among short‐term outcomes, AUROCs for in‐hospital death, chronic lung disease, intraventricular hemorrhage (grade III or IV) and periventricular leukomalacia were 0.85 (95% CI 0.83–0.86), 0.80 (95% CI 0.79–0.81), 0.78 (95% CI 0.75–0.80), and 0.58 (95% CI 0.55–0.61), respectively. Among medium‐term outcomes, AUROCs for cerebral palsy and developmental quotient of <70 at 3 years of age were 0.66 (95% CI 0.63–0.69) and 0.72 (95% CI 0.70–0.74), respectively. Conclusions: Although the predictive performance of these models varied for each outcome, their discriminative ability for in‐hospital death, chronic lung disease, and intraventricular hemorrhage (grade III or IV) was relatively good. We provided a bedside prediction tool for calculating the likelihood of various infant complications for clinical use. To develop these prediction models would be valuable in each country, and these risk assessment tools could facilitate risk‐stratified perinatal management and parents’ shared understanding of their infants' subsequent risks.
 Manually Controlled, Continuous Infusion of Phenylephrine or Norepinephrine for Maintenance of Blood Pressure and Cardiac Output During Spinal Anesthesia for Cesarean Delivery: a Double-Blinded Randomized Study;  BACKGROUND: To counteract the vasoplegia induced by spinal anesthesia (SA) and maintain blood pressure (BP) during cesarean delivery, phenylephrine is currently recommended, but norepinephrine might offer superior preservation of cardiac output. We aimed to compare the hemodynamic effects of phenylephrine and norepinephrine administered by manually adjusted continuous infusion during elective cesarean delivery. METHODS: In this pragmatic, parallel‐group, double‐blind randomized controlled trial, 124 parturients scheduled for elective cesarean delivery under SA in a tertiary maternity in France, between February 2019 and December 2020, were randomized to receive norepinephrine at a starting rate of 0.05 μg·kg‐1·min‐1 (n = 62) or phenylephrine at a starting rate of 0.5 μg·kg‐1·min‐1 (n = 62). In both groups, the vasopressor infusion rate was then manually adjusted to maintain maternal systolic BP above 90% of the baseline value. The primary outcome, the change in cardiac index (CI) measured by thoracic bioreactance from SA to umbilical cord clamping, was analyzed through repeated measures analysis of variance and post hoc t tests. Secondary outcomes included maternal BP and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: In the norepinephrine group, cardiac index was maintained between 90% and 100% of baseline from SA to umbilical cord clamping, whereas it was maintained at significantly lower values (81%‐88%) in the phenylephrine group (P = .001). The percentage of elapsed time with a mean maternal BP <65 mm Hg and with systolic BP <80% of the baseline value was higher in the phenylephrine group: 2.9% (7.3) vs 0.5% (1.8) (absolute risk difference [ARD], ‐2.4%; 95% confidence interval, ‐4.4 to ‐0.5; P = .012) and 8.5% (16.6) vs 2.3% (5.2) (ARD, ‐6.2%; 95% confidence interval, ‐10.6 to ‐1.8; P = .006). Excluding parturients with gestational diabetes, severe neonatal hypoglycemia was more common in the phenylephrine group at 19.6% (9/46) vs 4.1% (2/49) (P = .02). The other neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: When administered by manually adjusted infusion during SA for cesarean delivery, norepinephrine was associated with a higher CI; both infusions were effective for maintaining BP.
 Norepinephrine for the prevention of spinal-induced hypotension during caesarean delivery under combined spinal-epidural anaesthesia: randomised, double-blind, dose-finding study;  BACKGROUND: During caesarean delivery under spinal anaesthesia hypotension may be managed by norepinephrine in preference to phenylephrine due a perception of less bradycardia and fewer reductions in cardiac output. OBJECTIVE: As the optimum prophylactic dose of norepinephrine is unclear, we aimed to investigate its dose‐response for preventing postspinal hypotension in caesarean delivery. DESIGN: A randomised, double‐blinded, dose‐finding study. SETTING: Jiaxing University affiliated Women and Children Hospital, Jiaxing, China. PATIENTS: Ninety‐nine patients undergoing elective caesarean delivery from 1 February to 5 August: excluding patients with ASA III or above, preeclampsia or hypertension, pre‐existing or gestational diabetes, BMI more than 35 kg m, height less than 150 cm or with more than 175 cm, or with contraindications to local anaesthesia. INTERVENTIONS: Patients received 0, 0.04, 0.05, 0.06 or 0.07 μg kg min preventive norepinephrine infusions immediately after intrathecal injection of 10 mg bupivacaine with 5 μg sufentanil. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The norepinephrine (Median effective dose) or (95% effective dose) ED50 and ED95, which were estimated using Probit analysis to compare haemodynamic changes associated with the different doses. RESULTS: The incidence of hypotension was 70, 47.4, 40, 20 and 15% in the 0, 0.04, 0.05, 0.06 and 0.07 μg kg min groups, respectively. The ED50, ED80 and ED95 values were 0.029 (95% CI 0.008 to 0.042 μg kg min), 0.068 (95% CI 0.055 to 0.099 μg kg min) and 0.105 μg kg min (95% CI 0.082 to 0.172 μg kg min), respectively. Apgar scores or umbilical arterial pH were similar among groups. CONCLUSION: The ED50, ED80 and ED95 were 0.029, 0.068 and 0.105 μg kg min respectively. A 0.07 μg kg min norepinephrine infusion may be optimum for preventing postspinal hypotension after intrathecal injection of 10 mg bupivacaine combined with 5 μg sufentanil. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (identifier: ChiCTR‐TRC‐1800014614).
 Efficacy of Propranolol to Reduce Cesarean Delivery in Prolonged Labor: A Randomized Controlled Trial;  OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the rates of cesarean delivery in patients with prolonged labor randomized to receive intravenous (IV) propranolol compared with placebo. METHODS: A double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized trial was conducted at two hospitals within a large academic health system. Eligible patients were at 36 weeks or more with a singleton gestation and prolonged labor, defined as: 1) prolonged latent phase of labor (dilation less than 6 cm after 8 hours or more with ruptured membranes and receiving oxytocin infusion) or 2) prolonged active phase of labor (dilation 6 cm or greater and less than 1‐cm cervical dilation change over 2 hours or more with ruptured membranes and receiving oxytocin infusion). Patients were excluded for severe preeclampsia, maternal heart rate less than 70 beats per minute, maternal blood pressure less than 90/50 mm Hg, asthma, diabetes requiring insulin during labor, or a cardiac contraindication to β‐blockade. Patients were randomized to propranolol (2 mg IV) compared with placebo (2 mL normal saline IV), with one possible repeat dose. The primary outcome was cesarean delivery; secondary outcomes included labor duration, shoulder dystocia, and maternal and neonatal morbidity. With an estimated cesarean delivery rate of 45%, α 0.05, and 80% power, we required 163 patients per group to detect a 15% absolute reduction in cesarean delivery rate. A planned interim analysis was performed, and the trial was stopped for futility. RESULTS: From July 2020 to June 2022, 349 patients were eligible and approached; 164 were enrolled and randomized, with 84 in the propranolol group and 80 in the placebo group. The rate of cesarean delivery was not different between groups (57.1% propranolol vs 57.5% placebo, relative risk [RR] 0.99, 95% CI 0.76‐1.29). Results were similar by subgroup of prolonged latent (n=123) and active (n=41) phases of labor and nulliparous (n=137) and multiparous (n=27) patients. Though not statistically significant, the frequency of postpartum hemorrhage was higher in the propranolol group (20% vs 10%, RR 2.02, 95% CI 0.93‐4.43). CONCLUSION: In this multisite, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled randomized trial, there was no difference in cesarean delivery rate for patients who received propranolol compared with those who received placebo for management of prolonged labor. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04299438.
 Laboratory characteristics analysis of the efficacy of levothyroxine on subclinical hypothyroidism during pregnancy: a single-center retrospective study;  To reassess the efficacy of levothyroxine on subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH, 4.0 mIU/L�?�TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone) <10 mIU/L with normal free T4) during pregnancy. 165 levothyroxine‐treated pregnant women experiencing SCH were screened. And controls were randomly selected using euthyroidism (EU) women, matched by age, gravidity, and parity in the EU group (n =�660). We evaluated laboratory characteristics and pregnancy outcomes during follow‐ups. Compared with the EU group, the SCH group displayed higher inadequate maternal gestational weight gain, premature delivery, low birth weight offspring and infant offspring small for their gestational age. After levothyroxine treatment, the SCH group displayed lower total cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein levels, and higher serum homocysteine levels before delivery. Pregnant women with SCH still exhibit adverse pregnancy outcomes after levothyroxine treatment. Taken together, we believe that besides levothyroxine, vitamin B12 and folic acid could be added to the treatment of pregnant women with SCH. In addition, regular monitoring of blood sugar levels, lipid and homocysteine levels, and intervention gestational weight gain could alleviate the adverse effects of SCH on pregnancy outcomes.
 Randomised clinical trial using Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Australian Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors (CAC-WOMEN Trial): study protocol;  Introduction Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women around the world. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women (Australian Indigenous women) have a high burden of CVD, occurring on average 10‐20 years earlier than non‐Indigenous women. Traditional risk prediction tools (eg, Framingham) underpredict CVD risk in women and Indigenous people and do not consider female‐specific € risk‐enhancers' such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and premature menopause. A CT coronary artery calcium score ( € CT‐calcium score') can detect calcified atherosclerotic plaque well before the onset of symptoms, being the single best predictor for future cardiac events. A CT‐calcium score may therefore help physicians intensify medical therapy in women with risk‐enhancing factors. Methods and analysis This multisite, single‐blind randomised (1:1) controlled trial of 700 women will assess the effectiveness of a CT‐calcium score‐guided approach on cardiovascular risk factor control and healthy lifestyle adherence, compared with standard care. Women without CVD aged 40‐65 (35‐65 for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women) at low‐intermediate risk on standard risk calculators and with at least one risk‐enhancing factor (eg, HDP, GDM, premature menopause) will be recruited. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women will be actively recruited, aiming for ∼10% of the sample size. The 6‐month coprimary outcomes will be low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure. Barriers and enablers will be assessed, and a health economic analysis performed. Ethics and dissemination Western Sydney Local Health District Research Ethics Committee (HREC 2021/ETH11250) provided ethics approval. Written informed consent will be obtained before randomisation. Consent will be sought for access to individual participant Medicare Benefits Schedule, Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme claims usage through Medicare Australia and linked Admitted Patient Data Collection. Study results will be disseminated via peer‐reviewed publications and presentations at national and international conferences. Trial registration number ACTRN12621001738819p.
 The role of mental health and intimate partner violence in predicting adverse neonatal outcomes among abused women;  Background: Intimate partner violence (IPV) affects an estimated 1.5 million US women each year. IPV impacts maternal and neonatal health with higher rates of depression and low birth weight (LBW). Less studied is experiencing IPV and delivering a small for gestational age (SGA) baby. SGA neonates are at increased risk of preterm delivery, and developmental and behavioral problems. The negative sequelae persist into adulthood with increased rates of diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. Objective(s): The purpose of this presentation is to present the association between severity of IPV during pregnancy, maternal mental health, and neonatal outcomes in a sample of abuse urban and rural women, enrolled in perinatal home visiting programs. Material/Methods: Assessor‐blinded multi‐site randomized controlled trial of 239 pregnant women = 14 years, < 32 weeks gestation experiencing IPV, conducted in urban and rural settings. Results: 54% (n = 129) of women exceeded the cut‐off score for depressive symptomatology. 8.8% (n = 21) of neonates were classified as LBW, 16.7% (n = 47) classified as SGA and 5.4% (n = 13) as LBW and SGA. Women scoring above the median on a severity of violence measure (CTS) had a greater likelihood of delivering an SGA neonate (OR 3.80, 95% CI 1.67, 8.67). Conclusions: Women with higher severity of perinatal IPV experiences were more likely to have adverse neonatal outcomes than women reporting less severe IPV. These findings contribute to the limited research examining these relationships in a high risk sample of women at risk for perinatal health disparities.
 Baseline characteristics and cardiovascular outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes in the evaluation of lixisenatide in acute coronary syndrome trial;  Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing in prevalence and its influence on cardiovascular (CV) disease risk has been increasingly recognized. We aimed to examine the baseline characteristics and CV outcomes of women with and without a history of GDM. The Evaluation of LIXisenatide in Acute Coronary Syndrome (ELIXA) trial was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group, multicenter study of lixisenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes and recent acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Women enrolled provided details regarding GDM history and insulin use during pregnancy. We then compared women with and without a history of GDM according to baseline clinical characteristics; CV and diabetes medications; lifestyle data; patient‐reported outcome data obtained from the Diabetes Health Profile (DHP‐18); and subsequent CV outcomes. Among the 1861 women enrolled in ELIXA, women with a history of GDM (n=51) compared to women without a GDM history (n=1810) were signifi‐ cantly younger (54 ± 11 vs. 63 ± 9 yrs; p < 0.001); had an earlier age at diabetes diagnosis (36 ± 9 vs. 52 ± 11 yrs; p < 0.001); and had a higher HbA1c (median [IQR], 8.2 [7.2, 9.2] vs. 7.6 [6.7, 8.7]%; p = 0.035). Women with a history of GDM had more percutaneous coronary interventions (76.5 vs. 56.8%; p = 0.005); more coronary artery bypass grafts (13.7 vs. 6.0%; p = 0.025); and less mobility‐difficulty reported compared to women without a GDM history (21.1 vs. 46.9%; p = 0.027). During a median follow‐up of 25 months, the allcause death, CV death, myocardial infarction, heart failure, and stroke event rates were statistically similar between women with and without GDM. Among women with type 2 diabetes and recent ACS, women with a GDM history were younger at age of diabetes onset and had more CV revascularizations than women without a GDM history. Further examination of GDM and CV outcomes is warranted. (NCT01147250).
 A comparison of antihypertensive efficacy of methyldopa versus labetalol in the treatment of pregnancy-induced hypertension;  BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy are one of the common causes of maternal morbidity and mortality. AIM OF THE STUDY: (1) To compare the efficacy of methyldopa versus labetalol in women with pregnancy‐induced hypertension (PIH). (2) To compare maternal and fetal outcome in pregnant patients with PIH receiving methyldopa or labetalol. METHODS: One hundred patients presenting with PIH were taken up for study. In singleton pregnancy, systolic blood pressure and diastolic BP was ≥150 mmHg and ≥95 mmHg respectly and the gestational age was >20 weeks. Patients with a history of metabolic disorders, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, respiratory disease, collagen disorders, etc., were not included in this study. After informed consent, eligible patients were randomly divided into two groups. Group I comprised 50 patients on methyldopa and Group II comprised 50 patients. Methyldopa was begun at dosage of 750 mg per day (250 mg thrice daily) whereas labetalol was started at a dosage of 300 mg per day (100 mg thrice daily). The aim was to reduce and maintain blood pressure below 140/90 mm Hg and these patients were considered responders. The gestational age at delivery, type of delivery, whether spontaneous or induced, route of delivery, birth weight of baby, and Apgar score at 1 and 5 min were recorded as well as the need for admission of baby to neonatal special care units. RESULTS: Labetalol caused significantly more reduction in mean systolic and diastolic BP than methyldopa. Labetalol showed complete response in significantly less time as compared to methyldopa (P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Labetalol has been found to be more advantageous than methyldopa in terms of better and quicker control of BP and minimal side effects.
 765: intrapartum fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) in small and large-for-gestational age fetuses;  Objective: Fetal ST‐depression and ST‐elevation reflect abnormal repolarization and are associated with cardiac hypoxia. Both small‐for‐gestational age (SGA) and large‐for‐gestational age (LGA) infants are at increased risk of cardiac dysfunction compared to appropriate‐for‐gestational age (AGA) infants. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether intrapartum ST‐changes occur more frequently in SGA or LGA as compared to AGA infants. Study Design: We conducted a secondary analysis of a large, multi‐centered randomized‐controlled trial that took place at 26 academically‐affiliated US hospitals. Laboring women with singleton pregnancy at 36 weeks of gestation or greater underwent fetal ECG waveform analysis using the STAN S31 device (Neoventa Medical) and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked readings. In our analysis, we included subjects with available ECG‐tracings and excluded those with diabetes mellitus and major fetal anomalies. A gender and race/ethnicity‐specific nomogram was utilized to characterize infant birth weight as SGA (<10%ile), LGA (>90%ile) or AGA (10‐90%ile). Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with intrapartum ST‐changes (ST‐depression or ST‐elevation without ST‐depression), analyzed separately for the first and second stages of labor, among SGA, LGA and AGA infants. Univariable analyses were performed to compare maternal characteristics across groups. All significant covariates (P<0.05) and duration of ECG monitoring were included in multivariable logistic regression models. Results: Our study included 4,971 eligible women in the first stage of labor and 4,074 in the second. Maternal characteristics are displayed in Table 1. In the adjusted model, neither ST‐depression nor elevation occurred more frequently in fetal ECG tracings of SGA or LGA compared to AGA births in the first or second stage of labor (Table 2). Conclusion: Intrapartum fetal ECG ST‐elevation and depression were not associated with the extremes of fetal growth. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
 Effects of low-dose aspirin on uterine and fetal blood flow during pregnancy: results of a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial;  OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to evaluate uteroplacental and fetal hemodynamics in fetuses exposed to low‐dose aspirin (100 mg/d). DESIGN: Randomized, placebo‐controlled, double‐blind trial. SUBJECTS: The study protocol included singleton pregnancies of less than 20 gestational weeks at risk for pre‐eclampsia or fetal growth restriction. Exclusion criteria were diabetes mellitus, pre‐existing proteinuric hypertension or fetal malformations. Forty‐three pregnant women were randomly allocated to daily treatment with 100 mg aspirin (n = 22) or placebo (n = 21). METHODS: Pulsed Doppler measurements of the uterine artery, fetal middle cerebral artery, fetal aorta, ductus arteriosus and atrioventricular valves were performed longitudinally at 14 day intervals starting from 18 gestational weeks until delivery. Results were expressed as group medians (aspirin vs. placebo) and were analyzed by Mann‐Whitney U‐test. RESULTS: There was no difference in uterine, umbilical, aortic, middle cerebral and ductus arteriosus blood flow between the aspirin group and controls. Median ductal peak flow velocities increased with gestational age in both groups, but differences between groups did not reach significance. In the third trimester of pregnancy, ductal peak velocities > 140 cm/s were occasionally observed in both groups. However, end diastolic velocities > 35 cm/s or atrioventricular valve regurgitation never occurred. CONCLUSIONS: Daily administration of low‐dose aspirin during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy does not alter uteroplacental or fetoplacental hemodynamics and does not cause moderate or severe constriction of the ductus arteriosus.
 Is bigger better? Neonatal and childhood outcomes of large for gestational age (LGA) infants delivered following preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM);  OBJECTIVE:We hypothesized that LGA babies delivered after PPROM have lower rates of adverse neonatal and childhood outcomes vs. AGA babies. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a multicenter RCT of antenatal magnesium sulfate (Mg) vs. placebo administered to women at imminent risk for early preterm birth (<32 wk) to prevent death and cerebral palsy (CP) in their offspring. Women with singleton, non‐anomalous gestations and PPROM delivering ≤ 24.0 weeks were included. Gestational age (GA) was determined from standard algorithms using LMP and ultrasound (US) criteria. Infants were classified as SGA, AGA, or LGA based on gender and GA specific contemporary national birth norms (Olson, Pediatrics 2010). SGA infants were excluded. Composite severe neonatal morbidity (sepsis, grade III‐IV IVH, PVL, severe NEC, BPD, and/or death) and childhood outcomes at age 2 (moderate or severe CP and/or death) were compared between LGA and AGA infants. RESULTS: 1716 liveborns (197 LGA) were included. Maternal race/ ethnicity, education, and LMP/US dating concordance rates were similar between groups. GA at first ultrasound (18.7 vs. 18.2 wks, p=0.35), PPROM (28.1 vs. 27.8 wks, p=0.07), and delivery (29.8 vs. 29.9 weeks, p=0.72) were also similar between groups. Moms of LGA infants were more likely to have diabetes (8.1% vs. 4.7%, p=0.04). In multivariable models, LGA infants were significantly less likely to have severe neonatal morbidity (OR 0.49, 95% CI 0.32‐0.77, p=0.002). However, former‐LGA children were not more likely to have improved outcomes at age 2 (Table), and mortality rates by age 18 months were also similar between groups (5.8% former‐LGA died vs. 7.5% former‐AGA died, p=0.40). CONCLUSION: Among babies delivered following PPROM <32 wks with carefully established dating criteria, those who were LGA at delivery had improved composite adverse neonatal outcomes, but similar risks of moderate/severe CP or death at age 2 when compared to their AGA counterparts. (Table presented).
 Long term follow up of CC resistant women with PCOS treated with laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or gonadotrophins - Ovarian function and metabolic syndrome;  Background: Laparoscopic electrocautery and ovulation induction with gonadotrophins are both second line treatments for women with clomiphene citrate resistant PCOS. Long term follow‐up after electrocautery demonstrates a higher number of couples with fulfilled child wish and larger families than immediate ovulation induction with gonadotrophins. Here, we report on the long term effects of both treatments on ovarian function and metabolic syndrome. Methods: Between February 1998 and October 2001, 168 women with clomiphene citrate resistant PCOS were included in a multicenter randomized controlled trial comparing a strategy of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries, followed by clomiphene citrate and gonadotrophins when anovulation persisted, and a strategy of immediate gonadotrophins in women with clomiphene citrate‐resistant PCOS. A decade after randomization we sent a postal questionnaire and searched the medical files. Data for subsequent fertility, menstrual cycle regularity, and incidence of diabetes type II, heart vessel disease, thyroid dysfunction and hypertension were collected retrospectively. Results: We obtained data on 138 (82%) of the 169 randomized women. A decade after randomization, 54% of the women allocated to electrocautery had a regular menstrual cycle versus 36% in women allocated to gonadotrophins (RR 1.5; 95% CI 0.87 to 2.6). No woman had premature ovarian failure. Overall, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery strategy and 17 of 69 (25%) women allocated to gonadotrophins had evidence for type II diabetes, hypertension, heart vessel disease or thyroid dysfunction (RR 0.71; 95% CI 0.37 ‐ 1.4). Pregnancy complications were registered in 131 women with a total of 241 pregnancies leading to live birth. In total, 130 live births were registered in women allocated to the electrocautery strategy and 111 live births in women allocated to gonadotrophins. Evidence of gestational diabetes, hypertension or pre‐eclampsia during at least one pregnancy was present for 17 of 68 women (25%) in the electrocautery group and for 16 of 63 women (25%) in the gonadotrophin group (RR 0.98; 95% CI 0.55 ‐ 1.8). Conclusions: This 10 year follow‐up study in women with clomiphene resistant PCOS, found no evidence of a difference in metabolic syndrome occurence after initial laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared to ovulation induction with rFSH. None of the participating women had premature ovarian failure.
 Trends in lipid values among obese women in pregnancy;  Objective: To describe trends in lipids among obese patients in pregnancy and postpartum. Study Design: This secondary analysis of the PAWS study, a randomized clinical trial of a sleep intervention vs. usual obstetric care in participants with BMI of ≥ 25kg/m 2 was conducted May 2014‐April 2015 (NCT01968330). Exclusion criteria included multiple gestations, pregestational diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, or sleep medication use. Longitudinal data was collected at three‐time points: second trimester (T1), third trimester (T2), and 6–8‐weeks postpartum (T3). Primary outcome was trend of lipid markers during pregnancy and postpartum. Patients were categorized as dyslipidemic based on the following parameters: TG ≥ 150mg/dL, TC ≥ 200mg/dL, HDL‐c < 40mg/dL, LDL‐c ≥ 130mg/dL, cholesterol ratio (TC/HDL‐c) ≥3.5, TC‐HD‐c ≥130mg/dL. Non‐parametric analyses included Binomial Test within one time point and McNemar Change Test when comparing between time points as appropriate with P value set to < 0.05 as significant. Statistical analyses were performed using IBM SPSS Version 27. Results: We included 42 participants. Baseline characteristics are presented in Table 1. A generalized trend towards dyslipidemia was noted in all values with progression in gestation and postpartum, except for TG. TG significantly decreased from T1 to T3 and T2 to T3 (p 0.039 and 0.040, respectively). Total cholesterol increased from T1 to T2, but significantly decreased from T1 to T3 (p 0.039). Cholesterol ratio significantly increased from T1 to T3 (p < 0.05). HDL‐c significantly decreased from T1 to T3 (p 0.031, Table 2). Conclusion: The current analysis demonstrated a statistically significant increase in overall dyslipidemia for most lipid parameters in pregnancy and postpartum consistent with atherogenic phenotype of pregnancy. Triglyceride levels demonstrated an inverse relationship to other atherogenic parameters. The role of maternal triglycerides in context of maternal obesity and its association with pregnancy complications and future CVD risk warrant further study. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 MuKiS - mother-child-sports - a study to evaluate the impact of exercise on maternal metabolism and fetal development in women with gestational diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: physical activity intervention: under professional supervision, two times a week, 45 minutes, heart rate, alternately walking and bicycle ergometry. Nutrition: Diet therapy according to the dietary recommendations of the German Nutrition Society (DGE) and the German Diabetes Society (DDG) Intervention 2: physical activity: no. Nutrition: diet therapy after the dietary recommendations of the German Nutrition Society (DGE) and the German Diabetes Society (DDG) CONDITION: O24.4 ‐ Diabetes mellitus arising in pregnancy INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women who are diagnosed with gestational diabetes (gestational diabetes according to the guidelines of the AG Diabetes and pregnancy DDG 2003), • confinement during the 24th and 30th Week of pregnancy • > 18 years of age • Written permission PRIMARY OUTCOME: The present project should investigate, if maternal metabolism and child development get positively influenced by increasing physical activity during pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes. The project is carried out first as a pilot study in 60 women. When all 60 women are recruited, in about two years, the evaluation will begin. At the same time should also be assessed the feasibility of a sports intervention in this patient population.; Target parameters for a viable and successful sports intervention are:; 1) High participation rates and compliance, regardless of nationality and social factors; 2) to increase the well‐being and spontaneous physical activity (mood questionnaire: Visit 0: 29‐30. pregnancy week, Visit 1: 38‐39 pregnancy week, Visit 3: 4 weeks postpartum); 3) improving the performance / handling of pregnant women (reduction of resting heart rate, cycle ergometer test according to WHO criteria, measurement of heart rate, Visit 0: 29‐30. week of pregnancy, Visit 3: 4 weeks postpartum); 4) Change of maternal biomarkers by sports Intervention (adipokines, metabolomics, insulin resistance, breath Profile: Visit 0: 29./30. week of pregnancy, Visit 1: 38./39. week of pregnancy, Visit 3: 4 Wochen postpartum) ; 5) normalization of the fetal abdominal circumference, lower rate of polyhydramnios and Sectioraten, and normalization of birth weight (Fetal Ultrasound Visit 0: 29./30. week of pregnancy. Ultrasound of the child. Visit 2: 4 weeks postpartum); 6) Reduced rate of prenatal fetal macrosomia and cardiac hypertrophy; 7) Lower postnatal rate of macrosomia and cardiac hypertrophy.; ; In summary: The aim of the physical activity is to improve performance, and to obtain a positive effect on childbirth. We also assume that the physical activity of the mother has an effect on the development of the child. One of the main goals is the long‐term mothers to a lifestyle change to move that through healthy diets and increased physical activity will affect the whole family. The sustainability of the operation will be evaluated on successful pilot study with a larger intervention study, which provides for a follow‐up postpartum. On the side of the child we hope by improving the intrauterine environment risks such as cardiac changes, macrosomia to the child and polyhydramnios can be prevented.
 HYPERTENSIVE DISORDERS OF PREGNANCY AND SUBSEQUENT STRUCTURAL CHANGES BY ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY;  Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with short term diastolic dysfunction and increased risk of later life cardiovascular disease. We aim to determine if women with preeclampsia have higher prevalence of echocardiographic changes 8‐10 years after delivery and evaluate if those with placental vascular lesions may be the most affected. Methods: Pregnant women who delivered from 2008‐2009 were randomly selected from the Magee Obstetric Maternal and Infant database, a cohort with detailed abstracted pregnancy and placental pathology data, to undergo transthoracic echocardiography with strain analyses. At enrollment, medications, medical history, blood pressure, and weight, were recorded. Results: We enrolled 62 women (mean 9±0.9 years post‐delivery, age 38±7 years): 43 with normotensive pregnancies and 19 with preeclampsia (n=15) or gestational hypertension (n=4) history. Compared to normotensive women, those with a history of HDP were more likely to have diabetes (26.3% vs 2.3%; p=0.003) and higher systolic blood pressure (123±13 vs 114±13mmHg; p=0.02) at enrollment. A history of HDP was associated with a thicker interventricular septum (1.1±0.2 vs 1.0±0.2cm, p=0.01); left ventricular posterior wall (1.0±0.2 vs 0.9±0.1cm, p=0.01); and relative wall thickness (0.5±0.1 vs 0.4±0.1; p=0.01). Subgroup analyses of women with both preeclampsia and placental vascular lesions (n=11) showed even more pronounced differences in left ventricular thickness and an additional association with reduced right ventricular free wall strain (‐19.0±3.5 vs ‐23.6±5.4, p=0.03) compared to women with normotensive pregnancies and no placental lesions (n=23). There were no differences in left ventricular global longitudinal or circumferential strain for women with HDP. Conclusion: Women with HDP are more likely to develop left ventricular remodeling in the decade after pregnancy compared to women with normotensive pregnancies. Those with placental vascular lesions may be a more susceptible group, suggesting that placental vascular lesions associated with HDP could be related to a pathophysiologic mechanism for, or may be a marker of, subsequent cardiovascular disease.
 Impact of pregnancy complications on presentation, severity, and outcomes in acute coronary syndrome;  BACKGROUND: Women who experience gestational diabetes (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) have approximately twice the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women with normal pregnancy. However, the impact of GDM or HDP at the time of a cardiovascular event is unknown. The aim of this study is to assess the impact of prior pregnancy complications on clinical presentation, severity and major adverse cardiovascular outcomes (MACE) in women with premature acute coronary syndrome (ACS) (≤55 years old). METHODS: GENESIS‐PRAXY (GENdEr and Sex determInantS of cardiovascular disease: from bench to beyond‐PRemature Acute Coronary SYndrome) is a multicentre, prospective cohort study of young adults (≤ 55 years old) hospitalized with ACS. The current study included only parous women. Pregnancy history was collected through selfreported questionnaires at study entry and clinical data through patient questionnaire and chart review. RESULTS: A total of 310 women had at least one pregnancy; 215 reported prior normal pregnancies and 95 prior complicated pregnancies divided afterwards in 3 mutually exclusive groups (GDM: 19, gestational hypertension: 33, preeclampsia: 26). Women with prior pregnancy complications were younger than the normal group (49.1 ± 5.6 vs. 47.4 ± 6.2 years) and presented more traditional risk factors. Among women with prior complicated pregnancies, women with prior preeclampsia were more hypertensive (92% vs. 79% for gestational hypertension vs. 63% for GDM) and had more STEMI, while women with prior GDM had more type II diabetes (58% vs. 33% for gestational hypertension vs. 23% for preeclampsia), while women with prior gestational hypertension were more obese (72% vs. 45% for preeclampsia vs. 37% for GDM). The clinical severity of the ACS measured by the GRACE score and MACE at 12 months were similar in women with and without prior pregnancy complications. CONCLUSION: Women with prior pregnancy complications are younger and have more atherosclerotic risk factors at the time of a premature ACS than women with prior normal pregnancy. However, women with prior preeclampsia are more hypertensive and presented more with STEMI, which may indicate a different pathway between preeclampsia and CVD.
 ESICON 2021;  The proceedings contain 158 papers. The topics discussed include: efficacy and safety of novel non‐steroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist finerenone in the management of diabetic kidney disease: a meta‐analysis; derived time‐in‐range is associated with major adverse cardiovascular event in T2D: data from the DEVOTE trial; maternal efficacy, safety, and pregnancy outcomes with degludec versus detemir in the treatment of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes: an international, multicenter, randomized trial; use of growth hormone therapy in short patients born small for gestational age: data from real‐life French clinical practice; thyroid amyloidosis presenting as persistent painless thyroiditis; and once‐weekly subcutaneous semaglutide 2.4 mg reduces body weight in adults with overweight or obesity regardless of baseline characteristics (STEP 1).
 Remote Behavioral Weight Loss Intervention for Postpartum Mothers With Cardiovascular Risk Factors;  Background: Postpartum obesity is a risk factor for cardiovascular (CV) disease, especially among women with adverse pregnancy outcomes Remote weight loss interventions are scalable and may improve engagement of postpartum women. Our objective was to test the feasibility and effectiveness of an established online behavioral weight loss program (WLP) delivered remotely to racially diverse postpartum women with CV risk factors Methods: We identified eligible women using the electronic health record (n=1000) and recruited via email. Eligible women were >=18 yrs and 3‐12 months postpartum, had a body mass index >= 27 kg/m2, and had chronic hypertension, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, or gestational or pre‐gestational diabetes. Participants completed virtual information and kick‐off sessions and a one‐week behavioral run‐in. Randomization was 1:2 to usual care (UC) or online WLP based on the Diabetes Prevention Program. Participants completed virtual weigh‐ins and surveys at baseline and 16 weeks Primary outcomes were completion rates and change in weight between the arms. A general linear model was used to compare change in weight from baseline to 16 weeks between the arms Analysis was intention to treat without imputation for missing weight Results: 60 participants were randomized (20 UC, 40 WLP). Mean age was 33 yrs; 48% were Black, 25% had Medicaid insurance and mean baseline weight was 101 kg. Final assessments were completed by 18 (90%) of UC and 26 (65%) of WLP participants (p=0.039). Participant characteristics were not different between those who did and did not complete the study. WLP participants completing the study lost significantly more weight compared to those in UC, 3.9 vs. 1.5 kg 95% CI 0.02 to 4.9 kg, p=0.048. Proportion achieving 5% weight loss was not different between WLP and UC participants (23% vs. 15% p=0.734) Conclusions: Among an urban and racially diverse cohort of postpartum women with CV risk factors, a remotely delivered, online WLP was more effective in achieving modest weight loss compared to UC in this pilot study, though rate of attrition was high in the online WLP.
 Antiphospholipid antibodies associated with recurrent pregnancy loss: prospective, multicenter, controlled pilot study comparing treatment with low-molecular-weight heparin versus unfractionated heparin;  OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the use of low‐molecular‐weight heparin (LMWH) in combination with low‐dose aspirin (LDA) for the treatment of antiphospholipid antibody (APA)‐associated recurrent pregnancy loss and to compare the results with the use of unfractionated heparin (UFH) plus LDA. DESIGN: Prospective, controlled, multicenter pilot study. SETTING: Two academically based reproductive health centers. PATIENT(S): Patients with three or more pregnancy losses and positive APA. INTERVENTION(S): Patients were treated with LMWH and LDA (n = 25) or UFH and LDA (n = 25). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Fetal outcome and maternal complications from treatments were compared between the two treatment groups. RESULT(S): Of the 25 patients in the LMWH group, 21 (84%) delivered a viable infant and 4 (16%) miscarried. Of the 25 patients in the UFH group, 20 (80%) delivered a viable infant and 5 (20%) miscarried. These differences were not statistically significant. No major bleeding episodes occurred during pregnancy or at the time of delivery. No cases of deep venous thrombosis, thrombocytopenia, pre‐eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or bone fractures were noted in either of the two groups. CONCLUSION(S): In this pilot study, the use of LDA in combination with LMWH during pregnancy for the prevention of recurrent pregnancy loss in women with antiphospholipid syndrome seems to be as safe as UFH plus LDA. Large, randomized trials will be required to determine differences in outcome with LMWH and LDA compared with treatment with UFH combined with LDA in this group of patients.
 The BRAzil MAGnesium (BRAMAG) trial: a randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy for the prevention of preterm birth and perinatal and maternal morbidity;  BACKGROUND: Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant mortality globally, including Brazil. We will evaluate whether oral magnesium citrate reduces the risk of placental dysfunction and its negative consequences for both the fetus and mother, which, in turn, should reduce the need for indicated preterm delivery. METHODS/DESIGN: We will complete a multicenter, randomized double‐blind clinical trial comparing oral magnesium citrate 150 mg twice daily (n = 2000 women) to matched placebo (n = 1000 women), starting at 121/7 to 206/7 weeks gestation and continued until delivery. We will include women at higher risk for placental dysfunction, based on clinical factors from a prior pregnancy (e.g., prior preterm delivery, stillbirth or preeclampsia) or the current pregnancy (e.g., chronic hypertension, pre‐pregnancy diabetes mellitus, maternal age > 35 years or pre‐pregnancy maternal body mass index > 30 kg/m2). The primary perinatal outcome is a composite of preterm birth < 37 weeks gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks gestation, neonatal death < 28 days, or SGA birthweight < 3rd percentile. The primary composite maternal outcome is preeclampsia arising < 37 weeks gestation, severe non‐proteinuric hypertension arising < 37 weeks gestation, placental abruption, maternal stroke during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery, or maternal death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery. DISCUSSION: The results of this randomized clinical trial may be especially relevant in low and middle income countries that have high rates of prematurity and limited resources for acute newborn and maternal care. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT02032186, registered December 19, 2013.
 Structured Diabetes Self-Management Education in Primary Care and Metabolic Control;  Design: This was a single‐center, parallel‐group, randomized study Setting: One Primary Care Unit named Santa Cecília/Hospital de Clínicas de Porto Alegre Basic Unit of health, in Porto Alegre, Brazil. Patients: Adult subjects (more than 18 years‐old) up to the age of 80 years, with Type 2 diabetes, and with A1c >7%, regularly attending the primary care unit in the previous 6 months before the trial. Exclusion criteria were: history of active infection (eg. osteomyelitis, pulmonary tuberculosis, AIDS), chronic corticosteroids use, unstable angina or myocardial infarction in the last 3 months, advanced renal disease require dialysis, heart failure (New York Heart Association class III and IV), cirrhosis, alcohol or illicit drug use, dementia, actual pregnancy or lactation, current cancer or any disease that might affect survival in the next 5 years. Intervention: The intervention group (I) attended a five‐week education course and reinforcement meetings every 4 months, for one year. The control group (C) received usual medical care. Measures: Clinical (age, gender, ethnicity, history of hypertension and BP levels, smoking and physical activity), anthropometrical (weight, height, and waist circumference) and laboratorial data (fasting glucose levels, A1c, and lipid profile) The Diabetes knowledge was estimated by a questionnaire composed by 22 questions addressing the information discussed in the meetings and will be referred as type 2 DM knowledge score. This measures were done at 0, 4, 8 and 12 months End‐points: The primary endpoint was changes in HbA1c at 4, 8 and 12 months. Additional analyses were done to evaluate changes in type 2 DM literacy, blood pressure (BP), body mass index (BMI) and lipids. Statistical Analysis: Student t and chi‐square test were used to compare baseline continuous and categorical variables, respectively. Variables with non��normal distribution were log transformed. Global linear model (GLM) for repeated measurements, with Bonferroni post‐hoc test, was used to analyze changes in the outcomes during the trial. HbA1c values after the interventions were adjusted to baseline A1c and dosage of insulin at 12 months by ANCOVA. All patients with at least one A1c measurement available after randomization were included in the analyses, regardless if they attended all meetings of the education course or not (intention to treat analysis). A P value <0.05 (two‐tailed) was considered significant.
 Influence of maternal aerobic exercise during pregnancy on fetal cardiac function and outflow;  Background: Risk factors for cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death, have been documented in children as young as 3 years of age. Maternal environment (eg, exercise) influences fetal development and long‐term health. Thus, the development of the fetal cardiovascular system during pregnancy is likely a preliminary indicator of cardiac health at birth and a proxy for the future risk of cardiovascular disease throughout life. Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of supervised prenatal aerobic exercise at recommended levels on fetal cardiac function and outflow in the third trimester of pregnancy. We hypothesized that fetuses of aerobically trained women compared with fetuses of nonexercising women would exhibit increased cardiac function and greater cardiac output. Study Design: Secondary data analyses of a 20‐week, randomized controlled exercise intervention trial in pregnant women between 2015 and 2018 in Eastern North Carolina were performed. Eligibility criteria included pregnant women <16 weeks gestation, singleton pregnancy, aged 18–40 years, body mass index of 18.5–34.99 kg/m2, physician clearance letter for exercise participation, reliable transportation, and method of communication. Exclusion criteria included the presence of chronic conditions (eg, type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus), current medications known to adversely affect fetal growth (eg, antidepressants), alcohol, smoking, or illicit drug use. The patient cohort consisted of 133 eligible pregnant women who were assigned randomly to either an aerobic exercise (n=66) group that participated in 150 minutes of supervised, moderate‐intensity (40‐59% VO2peak; 12–14 on Borg Rating of Perceived Exertion) aerobic exercise per week or a nonexercising group (n=61) that consisted of 150 minutes per week of light (<40% VO2peak) stretching and relaxation breathing techniques. Between 34 and 36 weeks gestation, a fetal echocardiogram was performed to assess fetal cardiac function, which included fetal heart rate, right‐ and left‐ventricular stroke volume, stroke volume index, cardiac output, cardiac output index, and cardiac outflow that included pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, peak flow velocity, and peak flow velocity‐time integral. Fetal activity state (quiet vs active) during the echocardiogram and maternal aerobic capacity served as covariates. Intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol (participants who attended ≥80% of exercise sessions) analysis of covariance regression models were performed. Results: Of the 127 randomly assigned participants, 66 and 50 participants were included in the intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol analyses, respectively. Prenatal aerobic exercise significantly increased fetal right‐ventricular cardiac measures of right ventricular stroke volume (P=.001) and stroke index via velocity‐time integral (P=.003), right ventricular cardiac output (P=.002), cardiac index via velocity‐time integral (P=.006), pulmonary artery diameter (P=.02), and pulmonary valve velocity‐time integral (P=.03). Only in the intention‐to‐treat analysis was a significant difference in fetal left ventricular cardiac outflow observed; there was a greater aortic valve peak velocity (P=.04) found among fetuses of aerobically trained pregnant women. No other statistically significant between‐group differences were found. Conclusion: The findings of this study demonstrate that participation in prenatal aerobic exercise at recommended levels may improve fetal cardiac function and outflow parameters. Follow‐up cardiovascular measures in the postnatal period are needed to determine potential long‐term effects on the offspring's cardiac function and outflow.
 The impact of a lifestyle intervention on pregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular and insulin resistance biomarkers among at-risk latinas;  Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at elevated risk for the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Latinas experience higher rates of these disorders compared to non‐Latina whites. Prior lifestyle interventions were often limited to non‐Latina whites, required travel to a gym, and did not utilize a theoretical framework. Therefore, we evaluated the effect of a culturally modified, individually‐tailored lifestyle intervention on biomarkers of CVD risk and insulin resistance among 131 pregnant Latinas with abnormal glucose tolerance in Estudio PARTO. Women were randomly assigned at 24‐28 weeks of gestation (baseline) to a Lifestyle Intervention (LI; n = 60), focused on achieving Institute of Medicine guidelines for postpartum weight loss through physical activity and diet, or to a Health and Wellness comparison arm (HW; n = 71). Follow‐up assessments occurred at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. Participants had a mean age of 27.3 years, 77% were overweight or obese and 45% were born outside the US. Almost half of participants (45%) had isolated hyperglycemia, 18% had impaired glucose tolerance and 37% had gestational diabetes mellitus. There were no significant differences between arms at baseline. In intent to treat analysis, we observed a significantly greater decrease in insulin (β =‐4.52, 95% CI:‐9.36, 0.32) in the LI arm compared to the HW arm, across the first year postpartum. We also observed a significant decrease in HDL cholesterol (β =‐4.32, 95% CI:‐8.35,‐0.28), which may be due to differences in change in weight across the arms. There were no significant differences in change between arms in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, blood glucose and HbA1c. In this randomized trial among high‐risk Latinas, findings suggest that a lifestyle intervention may have a beneficial impact on postpartum insulin but not on HDL cholesterol but require replication in larger studies.
 Pregnancy complications and metabolic disease in women with clomiphene citrate-resistant anovulation randomized to receive laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or ovulation induction with gonadotropins: a 10-year follow-up;  OBJECTIVE: To assess long‐term effects of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)‐resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the incidence of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and metabolic or cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Long‐term follow‐up study. SETTING: Twenty‐eight hospitals within the Netherlands. PATIENT(S): One hundred sixty‐eight CC‐resistant women who had participated in a randomized controlled trial between 1998 and 2001 comparing electrocautery and gonadotropins. INTERVENTION(S): Postal questionnaire, search in medical files. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pregnancy complications, metabolic or cardiovascular disease. RESULT(S): Eighty‐two percent of follow‐up data were obtained. Thirteen of 68 women (19%) allocated to electrocautery, and 14 of 63 women (22%) allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for pregnancy complications (relative risk 0.86; 95% confidence interval 0.43‐1.7). At follow‐up, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery, and 13 of 69 (19%) women allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for metabolic or cardiovascular disease (relative risk 0.90; 95% confidence interval 0.39‐2.1). The risk of these was modified by body mass index (BMI), but not by female age or treatment allocation. This study is based on questionnaires and data from medical files. In the absence of routine screening, under‐reporting in our follow‐up study is likely. CONCLUSION(S): Electrocautery in women with CC‐resistant PCOS does not affect pregnancy complications or metabolic or cardiovascular disease later in life compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins.
 Vaginal progesterone prophylaxis for preterm birth (the OPPTIMUM study): a multicentre, randomised, double-blind trial;  Background Progesterone administration has been shown to reduce the risk of preterm birth and neonatal morbidity in women at high risk, but there is uncertainty about longer term effects on the child. Methods We did a double‐blind, randomised, placebo‐controlled trial of vaginal progesterone, 200 mg daily taken from 22‐24 to 34 weeks of gestation, on pregnancy and infant outcomes in women at risk of preterm birth (because of previous spontaneous birth at <34 weeks and 0 days of gestation, or a cervical length <25 mm, or because of a positive fetal fibronectin test combined with other clinical risk factors for preterm birth [any one of a history in a previous pregnancy of preterm birth, second trimester loss, preterm premature fetal membrane rupture, or a history of a cervical procedure to treat abnormal smears]). The objective of the study was to determine whether vaginal progesterone prophylaxis given to reduce the risk of preterm birth affects neonatal and childhood outcomes. We defined three primary outcomes: fetal death or birth before 34 weeks and 0 days gestation (obstetric), a composite of death, brain injury, or bronchopulmonary dysplasia (neonatal), and a standardised cognitive score at 2 years of age (childhood), imputing values for deaths. Randomisation was done through a web portal, with participants, investigators, and others involved in giving the intervention, assessing outcomes, or analysing data masked to treatment allocation until the end of the study. Analysis was by intention to treat. This trial is registered at ISRCTN.com, number ISRCTN14568373. Findings Between Feb 2, 2009, and April 12, 2013, we randomly assigned 1228 women to the placebo group (n=610) and the progesterone group (n=618). In the placebo group, data from 597, 587, and 439 women or babies were available for analysis of obstetric, neonatal, and childhood outcomes, respectively; in the progesterone group the corresponding numbers were 600, 589, and 430. After correction for multiple outcomes, progesterone had no significant effect on the primary obstetric outcome (odds ratio adjusted for multiple comparisons [OR] 0.86, 95% CI 0.61‐1.22) or neonatal outcome (OR 0.62, 0.38‐1.03), nor on the childhood outcome (cognitive score, progesterone group vs placebo group, 97.3 [SD 17.9] vs 97.7 [17.5]; difference in means ‐0.48, 95% CI ‐2.77 to 1.81). Maternal or child serious adverse events were reported in 70 (11%) of 610 patients in the placebo group and 59 (10%) of 616 patients in the progesterone group (p=0.27). Interpretation Vaginal progesterone was not associated with reduced risk of preterm birth or composite neonatal adverse outcomes, and had no long‐term benefit or harm on outcomes in children at 2 years of age. Funding Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation (EME) Programme, a Medical Research Council (MRC) and National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) partnership. The EME Programme is funded by the MRC and NIHR, with contributions from the Chief Scientist Office in Scotland and National Institute for Social Care and Research in Wales.
 A study protocol for the cardiac effects of a single dose of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg after caesarean delivery: a prospective randomized controlled multi-centre trial in Norway;  Background: Both oxytocin and carbetocin are used to prevent uterine atony and post‐partum haemorrhage after caesarean delivery in many countries, including Norway. Oxytocin causes dose‐dependent ST‐depression, troponin release, prolongation of QT‐time and arrythmia, but little is known about myocardial effects of carbetocin. We have previously demonstrated comparable vasodilatory effects of oxytocin and carbetocin and are now undertaking a Phase 4 trial to investigate whether carbetocin causes similar changes to myocardial markers compared with oxytocin. Methods: Our randomized controlled trial will be conducted at three obstetrics units at Oslo University Hospital and Akershus University Hospital, Norway. Planned enrolment will be of 240 healthy, singleton pregnant women aged 18 to 50 years undergoing planned caesarean delivery. Based on pilot study data, each participant will receive a one‐minute intravenous injection of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 g during caesarean delivery. The prespecified primary outcome is the change from baseline in high‐sensitive troponin I plasma concentrations at 6‐10 hours after study drug administration. Secondary outcomes include uterine tone grade at 2.5 and five minutes after study drug administration, adverse events for up to 48 hours after study drug administration, estimated blood loss within eight hours of delivery, need for rescue treatment and direct/indirect costs. Enrolment and primary analysis are expected to be completed by the end of 2021. Discussion: Women undergoing caesarean delivery should be assessed for cardiovascular risk particularly as women with an obstetric history of pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, placental abruption, and stillbirth are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Any additional ischaemic myocardial risk from uterotonic agents will need to be balanced with the benefit of reducing the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. Any potential cardiotoxicity difference between oxytocin and carbetocin will help inform treatment decisions for pregnant women. Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT03899961 (02/04/2019).
 A study protocol for the cardiac effects of a single dose of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg after caesarean delivery: a prospective randomized controlled multi-centre trial in Norway;  Background: Both oxytocin and carbetocin are used to prevent uterine atony and post‐partum haemorrhage after caesarean delivery in many countries, including Norway. Oxytocin causes dose‐dependent ST‐depression, troponin release, prolongation of QT‐time and arrythmia, but little is known about myocardial effects of carbetocin. We have previously demonstrated comparable vasodilatory effects of oxytocin and carbetocin and are now undertaking a Phase 4 trial to investigate whether carbetocin causes similar changes to myocardial markers compared with oxytocin. Methods: Our randomized controlled trial will be conducted at three obstetrics units at Oslo University Hospital and Akershus University Hospital, Norway. Planned enrolment will be of 240 healthy, singleton pregnant women aged 18 to 50 years undergoing planned caesarean delivery. Based on pilot study data, each participant will receive a one‐minute intravenous injection of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg during caesarean delivery. The prespecified primary outcome is the change from baseline in high‐sensitive troponin I plasma concentrations at 6‐10 hours after study drug administration. Secondary outcomes include uterine tone grade at 2.5 and five minutes after study drug administration, adverse events for up to 48 hours after study drug administration, estimated blood loss within eight hours of delivery, need for rescue treatment and direct/indirect costs. Enrolment and primary analysis are expected to be completed by the end of 2021. Discussion: Women undergoing caesarean delivery should be assessed for cardiovascular risk particularly as women with an obstetric history of pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, placental abruption, and stillbirth are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Any additional ischaemic myocardial risk from uterotonic agents will need to be balanced with the benefit of reducing the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. Any potential cardiotoxicity difference between oxytocin and carbetocin will help inform treatment decisions for pregnant women. Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT03899961 (02/04/2019).
 Effects of galactopoieses on post-partum dyslipidemia among obese women;  Objective: Pregnancy is associated with atherogenic changed in lipid metabolism. We evaluated the effects of galactopoieses on dyslipidemia among obese women at 6‐8 weeks postpartum. Study Design: This secondary analysis of the PAWS study, a randomized clinical trial of a sleep intervention vs. usual obstetric care in participants with BMI of ≥ 25kg/m 2 was conducted May 2014‐April 2015 (NCT01968330). Exclusion criteria included multiple gestations, pregestational diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, or sleep medication use. Data was collected at 6–8‐week postpartum. Exposure was galactopoieses. Our group of lactating mothers was heterogenous with their degree of lactation. Primary outcome was maternal incidence of dyslipidemia at the postpartum visit defined by cholesterol ratio (TC/HDL‐c) ≥3.5, TG ≥ 150mg/dL, TC ≥ 200mg/dL, HDL‐c < 40mg/dL, or LDL‐c ≥ 130mg/dL. Non‐parametric analyses of the results included [Formula presented]and Mann Whitney U Test as appropriate with P value set to < 0.05 as significant. Results: We included 25 mothers who received care at our institution. Of those, 12 (48%) reported lactation and 13 (52%) reported non‐lactation. Baseline characteristics are presented in Table 1. Lactating when compared to non‐lactating participants, were more likely to demonstrate dyslipidemia by cholesterol ratio in (100 vs 66; p=0.028), and HDL‐c level (41.7 vs. 7.7; p=0.047) at the postpartum visit. No significant differences were noted in other additional lipid parameters including TC, LDL, and TGs (Table 2). Conclusion: The current analysis demonstrated a statistically significant decrease in HDL‐c and increase in the cholesterol ratio of lactating mothers. Findings may be due to heterogenous differences in the amount of lactation or obesity attenuating the benefits of lactation. Short follow up period or mobilization of lipids in early lactation could also affect our results. Our cohort included predominantly Black, obese, underserved, marginalized women at high risk of cardiovascular disease. Our findings prompt further investigation of the effects of galactopoieses on obese mothers. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 The BRAzil MAGnesium (BRAMAG) trial: a randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy for the prevention of preterm birth and perinatal and maternal morbidity;  BACKGROUND: Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant mortality globally, including Brazil. We will evaluate whether oral magnesium citrate reduces the risk of placental dysfunction and its negative consequences for both the fetus and mother, which, in turn, should reduce the need for indicated preterm delivery. METHODS/DESIGN: We will complete a multicenter, randomized double‐blind clinical trial comparing oral magnesium citrate 150 mg twice daily (n = 2000 women) to matched placebo (n = 1000 women), starting at 121/7 to 206/7 weeks gestation and continued until delivery. We will include women at higher risk for placental dysfunction, based on clinical factors from a prior pregnancy (e.g., prior preterm delivery, stillbirth or preeclampsia) or the current pregnancy (e.g., chronic hypertension, pre‐pregnancy diabetes mellitus, maternal age > 35 years or pre‐pregnancy maternal body mass index > 30 kg/m2). The primary perinatal outcome is a composite of preterm birth < 37 weeks gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks gestation, neonatal death < 28 days, or SGA birthweight < 3rd percentile. The primary composite maternal outcome is preeclampsia arising < 37 weeks gestation, severe non‐proteinuric hypertension arising < 37 weeks gestation, placental abruption, maternal stroke during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery, or maternal death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery. DISCUSSION: The results of this randomized clinical trial may be especially relevant in low and middle income countries that have high rates of prematurity and limited resources for acute newborn and maternal care. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT02032186, registered December 19, 2013.
 Electronic Reminder to Transition Care After Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Randomized Controlled Trial;  OBJECTIVE: Scalable interventions are needed to improve preventive care for those with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk identified during pregnancy. We hypothesized that an automated reminder message for clinicians (nudge) would increase counseling at the postpartum visit on patient transitions of care. METHODS: We conducted a single‐center, randomized controlled trial including birthing people with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy evaluating a nudge compared with usual care. The nudge, including counseling phrases and patient‐specific information on hypertensive diagnosis, was sent to the obstetric clinician through the electronic medical record up to 7 days before the postpartum visit. The primary outcome was documentation of counseling on transitions of care to primary care or cardiology. Secondary outcomes were documentation of CVD risk, use of counseling phrases, and preventive care visit within 6 months. A sample size of 94 per group (n=188) was planned to compare the nudge intervention with usual care; given the anticipated loss to follow‐up, the sample size was increased to 222. Intention‐to‐treat analyses were performed, with P<.05 considered significant. RESULTS: From February to June 2021, 392 patients were screened, and 222 were randomized and analyzed. Of these, 205 (92.3%) attended a postpartum visit. Groups were similar, but more women in the usual care group had diabetes (16.1% vs 6.7%, P=.03). After adjustment for diabetes, patients in the nudge group were more likely to have documented counseling on transitions of care (38.8% vs 26.2%, adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.53, 95% CI 1.02‐2.31), CVD risk (21.4% vs 8.4%, aRR 2.57, 95% CI 1.20‐5.49), and use of aspirin in a future pregnancy (14.3% vs 1.9%, aRR 7.49, 95% CI 1.66‐33.93). Counseling phrases were used more often in the nudge group (11.2% vs 0.9%, aRR 12.27, 95% CI 1.50‐100.28). Preventive care visit attendance did not differ by group (22.1% vs 24.6%, aRR 0.91, 95% CI 0.57‐1.47). CONCLUSION: A timely electronic reminder to obstetric clinicians improved counseling about transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy but did not result in increased preventive care visit attendance. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04660032.
 Effect of pregnancy on microvascular complications in the diabetes control and complications trial. The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial Research Group;  OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of pregnancy on the development and progression of retinopathy and microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted longitudinal analyses of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT), a multicenter controlled clinical trial that compared intensive treatment with conventional diabetes therapy and studied 180 women who had 270 pregnancies and 500 women who did not become pregnant during an average of 6.5 years of follow‐up. Women assigned to the conventional treatment group were changed to intensive therapy if they were planning pregnancy or as soon as possible after conception. Fundus photography was performed every 6 months, and the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) was measured annually. RESULTS: Compared with nonpregnant women, pregnant women had a 1.63‐fold greater risk of any worsening of retinopathy from before to during pregnancy (P < 0.05) in the intensive treatment group; the risk was 2.48‐fold greater for pregnant vs. not pregnant women in the conventional group (P < 0.001). In the conventional group, the odds of > or =3‐step progression from the baseline retinopathy level was >2.9‐fold among pregnant vs. not pregnant women (P = 0.003). The odds ratio (OR) peaked during the second trimester (OR = 4.26, P = 0.001) and persisted as long as 12 months postpregnancy (OR = 2.87, P = 0.005). The level of AER during pregnancy in the intensive group, but not in the conventional group, was significantly elevated from the level at baseline, albeit in the normal range. Although individual patients had transient worsening of retinopathy during pregnancy, even to the proliferative level, at the end of the DCCT, mean levels of retinopathy and albuminuria in subjects who had become pregnant were similar to those in subjects who had not become pregnant within each treatment group. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in type 1 diabetes induces a transient increase in the risk of retinopathy; increased ophthalmologic surveillance is needed during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. The long‐term risk of progression of early retinopathy and albumin excretion, however, does not appear to be increased by pregnancy.
 Investigating the Role of Early Low-dose Aspirin in Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Tromalyt Product Name: Tromalyt Product Code: 59,210 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: ACETYLSALICYLIC ACID Other descriptive name: Aspirin Concentration unit: % percent Concentration type: range Concentration number: 66‐98 Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Pregestational type I or type II diabetes ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10045228 Term: Type I diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 100000004861 ; MedDRA version: 21.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 100000004861 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Female diseases of the urinary and reproductive systems and pregancy complications [C13] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate the effect of aspirin therapy initiated in the first trimester of pregnancy in women with pregestational type I or type II diabetes on a composite clinical measure of placental dysfunction (preeclampsia, preterm birth less than 34 weeks, birth weight below the 10th centile or perinatal mortality). Primary end point(s): The primary outcome is a composite clinical measure of placental dysfunction (preeclampsia, preterm birth less than 34 weeks, birth weight below the 10th centile or perinatal mortality), with individual components measured as follows:; ‐Preeclampsia: ; Hypertension (i) greater than or equal to 140mmHg systolic or greater than or equal to 90mmHg diastolic on two occasions at least 4 hours apart after 20 weeks’ gestation in a woman with a previously normal blood pressure. ; Or (ii) greater than or equal to 160mmHg systolic or greater than or equal to 110mmHg diastolic (such hypertension can be confirmed within a short interval (minutes) to facilitate timely antihypertensive therapy. ; And; Proteinuria: Greater than or equal to 300mg per 24‐hour urine collection, or a urinary protein: creatinine ratio greater than or equal to 0.3 or +3 proteinuria on dipstick urinalysis.; Or in the absence of proteinuria, new‐onset hypertension with the new onset of any of the following:; • Thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 100,000/microliter); • Renal insufficiency (serum creatinine concentrations greater than 97umol/L or a doubling of the serum creatinine concentration in the absence of other renal disease); • Impaired liver function (elevated blood concentrations of liver transaminases to twice normal concentration); • Pulmonary oedema; • Cerebral or visual symptoms; Blood pressure will be measured at all study visits. Urine will be examined by dipstick analysis at all prenatal study visits. Urinary protein‐creatinine ratio or 24‐hour quantitation will be evaluated at the first study visit (visit 1, and thereafter at visits 3,5,7, and 9‐16, or at any intervening study visit or patient encounter where +1 proteinuria or more is identified on dipstick urinalysis.; Full blood count (platelet count), liver profile and serum renal profile (urea and creatinine) will be measured at the first study visit (visit 2) and thereafter at any study visit or patient encounter where the patient is found to be hypertensive (as per above definition). ; ‐Birth weight less than the 10th percentile for gestational age:; Birth weight will be measured on the day of birth and plotted on standard WHO UK RCPCH growth charts (per gender).; ‐Preterm birth less than 34+0 weeks:; Gestational age at birth will be verified with respect to the Estimated Date of Delivery calculated at the first study visit. The accuracy of gestational age will take into account menstrual dates, IVF dates where applicable, and sonographic estimation of gestational age determined at the first study visit (prior to 12 weeks’ gestational age). In accordance with conventional principles for pregnancy dating, where a discrepancy of greater than 5 days exists between the menstrual‐dates‐derived EDD and the sonographic measurement of crown‐rump length prior to 12 weeks’ gestational age, the ultrasound‐derived EDD will apply.; ‐Perinatal mortality: ; Stillbirth or neonatal death after 24 completed weeks of gestation and within 28 days of birth.; Secondary Objective: a. Differences between the intervention and control groups will be measured for the following parameters of neonatal morbidity ; • Gestational age at delivery; • Birth weight; • NICU admission; • Respiratory morbidity; • Apgar score <7 at 5 minutes; • Umbilical artery acidosis at birth (cord pH <7.2); • Interventricular haemorrhage; • Culture‐proven sepsis; • Necrotising enterocolitis; • Hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy; ; b. Differences between the aspirin and control groups will be measured for maternal outcomes not directly related to primary outcome, including:; • Mode of delivery; • Haemorrhage; • Sepsis; ; c. The effect of low‐dose aspirin initiated in the first trimester of diabetes pregnancy on microalbuminuria will be evaluated; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Blood pressure will be measured at all study visits. Urine will be examined by dipstick analysis at all prenatal study visits. Urinary protein‐creatinine ratio or 24‐hour quantitation will be evaluated at the first study visit (visit 1, and thereafter at visits 3,5,7, and 9‐16, or at any intervening study visit or patient encounter where +1 proteinuria or more is identified on dipstick urinalysis.; Full blood count (platelet count), liver profile and serum renal profile (urea and creatinine) will be measured at the first study visit (visit 2) and thereafter at any study visit or patient encounter where the patient is found to be hypertensive (as per above definition). ; Birth weight will be measured on the day of birth ; Gestational age at birth ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Parameters of neonatal morbidity: ; • Gestational age at delivery (recorded at the time of birth, in weeks and days post Last Menstrual Period, or in accordance with ultrasound‐derived gestational age, as above); • Birth weight (recorded (in grams) on the day of birth); • NICU admission (requirement to be admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for any purpose other than routine antibiotic administration); • Respiratory morbidity: A diagnosis of respiratory morbidity will be considered for any infant requiring invasive or non‐invasive respiratory support, supported by radiographic criteria where available and length of oxygen‐dependence will be recorded. For infants requiring respiratory support, the following variables will be recorded:; o Duration of invasive ventilation; o Duration of CPAP/ High‐flow O2; o Duration of O2; o Duration of hospital stay; o Use of nitric oxide; o Number and type of inotropes; o Duration of inotrope use; • Apgar score <7 at 5 minutes: Apgar score will be recorded within 5 minutes of birth, as per standard clinical care.; • Umbilical artery acidosis at birth (cord pH <7.2): Umbilical arterial pH and acid‐base status will be measured where clinically indicated at birth (namely in an infant born in the setting of suspected perinatal compromise). In addition to cord pH, the first infant pH will also be recorded, if obtained.; • Intracranial haemorrhage: Evidence of bleeding within the intraventricular or periventricular areas of the neonatal brain, identified with cranial ultrasound or alternate imaging.; • Culture‐proven sepsis: A diagnosis of neonatal sepsis will be made when appropriate clinical features are confirmed by positive microbiological cultures.; • Necrotising enterocolitis: Defined as presence of radiologic signs (Bell Stage II or greater).; • Hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy: A diagnosis of hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy will be recorded where the following criteria are met:; o Apgar score =5 at 10 minutes after birth; o Continued need for endotracheal or mask ventilation at 10 minutes after birth; o Acidosis within 60 minutes of birth (defined as any occurrence of umbilical cord arterial or capillary pH <7.0 or a base deficit =16mmol/L); o And/ or clinical seizures or moderate to severe encephalopathy using the Sarnat grading system; • Shoulder dystocia: Shoulder dystocia is defined as a vaginal cephalic delivery that requires additional obstetric manoeuvres to deliver the fetus after the head has delivered and gentle traction has failed.; ; Maternal outcomes not directly related to primary outcome:; • Mode of delivery: Recorded on day of delivery, as follows:; Spontaneous vaginal birth (with spontaneous onset of labour); Spontaneous vaginal birth (with induction of labour); Assisted vaginal birth (forceps) with spontaneous onset of labour; Assisted vaginal birth (forceps) with induction of labour; Assisted vaginal birth (ventouse) with spontaneous onset of labour; Assisted vaginal birth (ventouse) with induction of labour; Emergency intrapartum Caesarean section with induction of labour; Emergency intrapartum Caesarean section with spontaneous onset of labour; Emergency pre‐labour Caesarean section (i.e. unscheduled); Elective Caesarean section (scheduled); Elective Caesarean section with spontaneous onset of labour; ; • Haemorrhage: Loss of 500ml of blood or more from the genital tract within 24 hours of delivery. Peripartum blood loss will be recorded as average or excessive (500ml or more) for all deliveries. In addition, requirement for the following measures to reduce peripartum blood loss will be recorded:; Oxytocin 10IU, oxytocin infusion, ergometrine, syntometrine, hemabate, misoprostol, intrauterine balloon tamponade, B‐Lynch suture, interventional radiologic manoeuvres, hysterectomy, blood transfusion (including number and nature of blood products); • Sepsis: Culture‐proven infection in addition to systemic manifestations of infection; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Parameters of neonatal morbidity: Recorded at birth; ; Maternal outcomes not directly related to primary outcome:; Recorded on day of delivery; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Ability to comprehend the Patient Information Leaflet and to provide signed and dated informed consent. • Willing to comply with all study procedures and be available for the duration of the study • Female, age >18 years • Singleton pregnancy, ongoing at 11 – 13+6 weeks’ gestation • Pre‐pregnancy diagnosis of type I or type II diabetes of at least 6 months’ duration • Fulfillment of each criterion must be clearly evidenced (in lab reports or correspondence) and/or documented in the medical records. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 360 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Normalized Glucose Levels in Type 2 Diabetes With Carbohydrate or Caloric Restriction;  Background Overweight and obesity raise the risk of hyperglycemia which is among the strongest risk factors for morbidity and mortality globally, linked to type 2 diabetes (T2D) as well as, e.g., cardiovascular diseases (CVD), several cancers, dementia, complicated pregnancies and non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease.1 The link between obesity, T2D and CVD is partially explained by the visceral adiposity and ectopic (e.g., hepatic) fat associated with insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, arterial stiffness, high blood pressure and dyslipidaemia constituting the metabolic syndrome.2,3 Recent studies have demonstrated that diet‐induced weight loss, averaging just over 10 kg at 12‐months, can effectively normalize blood glucose levels in T2D in a large proportion of patients. While energy‐restrictive diets can enable rapid weight loss, any restrictive diet can be difficult to maintain over time. Strict weight loss diet is difficult to follow. Less restrictive approaches that can be adopted as part of a healthy lifestyle would be ideal. Cardiovascular complications are the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among patients with diabetes. 29 The mechanisms of diabetes mellitus‐associated progression of atherosclerosis are not fully understood. Hyperglycemia has been shown to cause increased oxidative stress arising from oxi‐dative degradation of glucose metabolites. Similarly, advanced glycosylation endproducts (AGEs), which are the result of intracellular hyperglycemia, have been shown to be involved in mediating vascular damage. Furthermore hyperglycemia has been reported that to lead to a hypercoagulable state.29 Low carbohydrate diet has recently gained popularity. Rresearch questions remain on if LC diet with low GI can lead to normalization of blood glucose levels and decrease cardiovascular risk markers. The ideal energy percentage (E%) of carbohydrate in the diet for optimal glucose levels is unclear. Caloric restriction diet has shown best results for normalisation of blood glucose levels. There are no previous studies comparing LC diet with caloric restricted diet in regard to normalization of blood glucose levels. The main goal of this study is to evaluate if LC with low GI can lead to normalization or improvement of blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetes (T2D) and to explore the mechanism for normalization of blood glucose levels after LC diet and caloric restricted diet. The main hypothesis in this study is that Low carbohydrate diet can results in normalization or improvement of blood glucose levels in patients with T2D with short duration of disease both in the shorter term (3 months) and longer term (15 months). 286 patients with type 2 diabetes will be included in this study. Patients will be randomized to a low Carb diet or a low caloric diet for 15 months. Previous study on caloric restriction diet (DIRECT trial) showed normalization of blood glucose levels in 46% of participants after 12 months. Previous studies on LC diet have shown different results on blood glucose levels based on differences in study design. The greater the carbohydrate restriction, the greater glucose lowering effect. There is a lack of studies reporting normalisation of blood glucose levels. Therefore, it was assumed that LC dietary strategies can result in normalization of blood glucose levels in 30% of patients with T2D after 3 and 15 months. Using an online sample size calculator for a study power of 80% and alpha value of 0.05 the sample size was calculated to 143 participants in each group. Anthropometric data and blood samples will be collected at baseline and after 3 months (initial weight loss and remission) months (continued weight loss and remission), and 15 months (weight maintenance). For security reason Hb1c and lipid status will be analyzed after changes in medication. For Standardized measurement protocols, instruments (e.g., for anthropometrics), collection tubes, etc. will be used. HbA1c, glucose, lipids and other standard biochemical variables will be measured directly on the day of the visit at the laboratories, or, for substances sensitive to batch effects (e.g., serum insulin), after collection and freezing at ‐80°C. Samples that are not analyzed immediately will be stored in a biobank for later use. The study will be performed in accordance with GCP. Controlled diet that leads to weight reduction can reverse type 2 diabetes or delay the diagnosis of T2D. According to the report from the Swedish Institute for Health and Healthcare Economi (IHE) decreasing the blood sugar levels in patient with T2D will spare 800 cases of heart infarction, 500 cases of stroke, 450 cases of kidney failure and 20 cases of blindness. Delaying the diabetes diagnosis is beneficial for the patients since the diabetes complications are directly correlated to the diabetes duration. Patient with type 2 diabetes who change their diet with less carbohydrate have shown to need less insulin. The cost of diabetes disease is affected by the cost of medications and the cost of complications of diabetes. Improved knowledge about which diet can reverse T2D and improve glucose levels will in the end affect the cost for the type 2 diabetes. Dietary intervention which effectively improve blood sugar levels will have significant positive health economic effects. The result from this study will be used for diet recommendation for patients with T2D. Both men and women will be included in the study. Sex will also be one of the factors in randomisation to assure both groups have equal percent of men and women. Gender is considered a risk factor for obesity. Previous studies have shown that being female doubles the chance of becoming overweight. It is known that lifestyle intervention programs are effective in the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus in high‐risk populations. However, most studies report poorly about the influence of sex and/or gender effectiveness of these interventions. Male sex is acknowledged as a diabetes risk factor. Men are marginally higher affected by diabetes all over the world. They are diagnosed at younger age and at lower levels of overweight/obesity. Women on the other hand are the majority of participants in weight loss studies (This was also observed this in our study investigating the effect of intermittent fasting). Women show greater weight control involvement and thus seek medical help for weight loss therapy/surgery earlier. It is not known if men and women have different preference for LC‐diet or caloric restriction as strategies for weigh maintenance. We will be able to compare the remission rate for T2D in men and women.
 A pilot randomised controlled implementation study to support women at high-risk of cardiometabolic pregnancy complications;  INTERVENTION: This is a randomised controlled pragmatic implementation trial to optimise lifestyle management and screening of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 (DM2) and Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) in women who are at high risk of developing Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Hypertensive Disorders in Pregnancy (HDP) during pregnancy. The intervention includes health coaching support from enrolment in the study (late 1st trimester/early 2nd trimester) until seven months postpartum. There will be three 30‐minute health coaching sessions at 17‐weeks gestation, 18‐weeks gestation and 36‐weeks gestation. There will be one optional check‐in session between 28‐29‐weeks gestation, which will run for approximately 30‐minutes. In the postpartum period, there will be two core sessions at 3 and 4 months postpartum and three optional checks in sessions at 5, 6 and 7 months postpartum. All of these sessions will run for approximately 30‐minutes each. The health coaching will be delivered in person or via telehealth, and will use a mixture of synchronous sessions, asynchronous support (videos and resources) and text messaging. The health coaching includes automated reminders, techniques to support behavioural lifestyle change, and information related to understanding risk of cardiometabolic pregnancy conditions such as GDM or HDP, DM2 and CVD, healthy eating and physical activity, healthy gestational weight gain, breastfeeding and mental, social and environmental considerations through 1:1 participant contact, text messages and providing access to a website with resources. The primary outcome for the RCT component is screening for DM2 or CVD at 12 months postpartum (yes screening occurred; vs not done). Exposure to intervention: Individuals in the intervention arm of the CONDITION: Cardiovascular ‐ Hypertension Diet and Nutrition ‐ Other diet and nutrition disorders Gestational Diabetes Mellitus;Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy ;Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus;Cardiovascular Disease; ; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus ; Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy ; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus ; Cardiovascular Disease Metabolic and Endocrine ‐ Diabetes Public Health ‐ Health service research Reproductive Health and Childbirth ‐ Other reproductive health and childbirth disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Preventative screening for cardiovascular disease[Short quantitative questionnaire, created by researchers for use in this trial. 12‐months after birth of the baby (postpartum)] Preventative screening for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus[Short quantitative questionnaire, created by researchers for use in this trial 12‐months after birth of the baby (postpartum)] Screening Uptake[A six‐item scale is used to assess the participants perspective of perceived importance of screening tests for health, perceived self‐efficacy and cues to action. 12‐months after birth of the baby (postpartum).] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Eligibility for Pregnancy Program: Pregnant women (>18 years old) attending maternity services at Monash Health, identified as a ‘high‐risk’ for developing GDM or HDP during their current pregnancy, as defined by the Monash GDM and/or HDP Risk Screening Tool (submitted for publication, awaiting acceptance), ability to speak and read in English, not currently participating in any other lifestyle‐related clinical trial, has access to the internet (to view website and download resources), owns a mobile phone (in order to receive text messages). For Postpartum Program: Participated in pregnancy program, has re‐entered the postpartum program within 3‐6 months of giving birth, developed either GDM and/or HDP during current pregnancy. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Birth complications[From medical records Birth] Blood pressure[Blood pressure machine Final Assessments (12‐months postpartum)] Diagnosis of GDM[Oral glucose tolerance test ; 28‐29 weeks antenatal] Dietary intake [24‐hour food recall – collected online via Intake24 Postpartum Appointment 5 Assessments (7‐months postpartum; end of intervention)] Gestational weight[Weight ‐ via blue tooth scales Closest collected to delivery from medical records] Health Belief Model evaluation of self‐management of a condition[Health Belief Model (HBM) constructs regarding Self‐Management of a Condition 7 months Postpartum ; ] Lifestyle Uptake[A five‐item questionnaire closely aligned to the model of change promoted in the intervention sessions, covering domains for knowledge about how to make permanent changes to behaviour, knowing how to overcome barriers and having skills to manage lifestyle change alongside regular life events, perceived importance of eating a healthy diet and doing at least 150 mins /week of physical activity (or meeting the PA recommendations for pregnancy/postpartum demographic). Responses recorded on a 5‐point Likert scale. 7‐months postpartum] Mental health (distress)[Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10) 7 months Postpartum ] Mode of delivery[From medical records Birth] Newborn anthropometry and body composition (PEAPOD)[Collected via the PEAPOD Birth] Oral glucose tolerance[Oral glucose tolerance test 3 months postpartum ] Physical activity[Physical Activity and Sleep Parameters – collected using accelerometer (AX3/AX6) Postpartum Appointment 5 Assessments (7‐months postpartum; end of intervention)] Postpartum weight retention[weight via bluetooth scale Postpartum Appointment 5 Assessments (7‐months postpartum; end of intervention)] Risk communication and decision‐making effectiveness[The Combined Outcome Measure for Risk communication and treatment ; Decision making Effectiveness (COMRADE), ; 7 months Postpartum ] Risk perception of cardiovascular disease[Attitudes and Beliefs about Cardiovascular Disease (ABCD) Risk Questionnaire 7 months Postpartum ] Risk perception of type 2 diabetes mellitus[Risk Perception Survey for Developing Diabetes (RPS‐DD) 7 months Postpartum ] Self‐evaluation of perceived capabilities, opportunities and motivations (COM‐B model)[The Capabilities, Opportunities, Motivations, Behaviour (COM‐B) model Self‐evaluation questionnaire 7 months Postpartum ; ] Sleep [Sleep Parameters – collected using accelerometer (AX3/AX6) Postpartum Appointment 5 Assessments (7‐months postpartum; end of intervention)] The Co‐parenting Relationship Scale (CRS) [The CRS measure consists of 35 items, can yield an overall score, a brief measure score, as well as subscale scores. The subscales include co‐parenting agreement (4 items), co‐parenting closeness (5 items), child exposure to conflict (5 items), co‐parenting support (6 items), co‐parenting undermining (6 items), endorsement of partner’s parenting (7 items), and the division of labour (2 items). Higher scores indicate more positive co‐parenting, with the exception of the exposure to conflict and co‐parenting undermining scales. 7‐months postpartum]
 Influence of maternal aerobic exercise during pregnancy on fetal cardiac function and outflow;  BACKGROUND: Risk factors for cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death, have been documented in children as young as 3 years of age. Maternal environment (eg, exercise) influences fetal development and long‐term health. Thus, the development of the fetal cardiovascular system during pregnancy is likely a preliminary indicator of cardiac health at birth and a proxy for the future risk of cardiovascular disease throughout life. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of supervised prenatal aerobic exercise at recommended levels on fetal cardiac function and outflow in the third trimester of pregnancy. We hypothesized that fetuses of aerobically trained women compared with fetuses of nonexercising women would exhibit increased cardiac function and greater cardiac output. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary data analyses of a 20‐week, randomized controlled exercise intervention trial in pregnant women between 2015 and 2018 in Eastern North Carolina were performed. Eligibility criteria included pregnant women <16 weeks gestation, singleton pregnancy, aged 18‐40 years, body mass index of 18.5‐34.99 kg/m2, physician clearance letter for exercise participation, reliable transportation, and method of communication. Exclusion criteria included the presence of chronic conditions (eg, type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus), current medications known to adversely affect fetal growth (eg, antidepressants), alcohol, smoking, or illicit drug use. The patient cohort consisted of 133 eligible pregnant women who were assigned randomly to either an aerobic exercise (n=66) group that participated in 150 minutes of supervised, moderate‐intensity (40‐59% VO2peak; 12‐14 on Borg Rating of Perceived Exertion) aerobic exercise per week or a nonexercising group (n=61) that consisted of 150 minutes per week of light (<40% VO2peak) stretching and relaxation breathing techniques. Between 34 and 36 weeks gestation, a fetal echocardiogram was performed to assess fetal cardiac function, which included fetal heart rate, right‐ and left‐ventricular stroke volume, stroke volume index, cardiac output, cardiac output index, and cardiac outflow that included pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, peak flow velocity, and peak flow velocity‐time integral. Fetal activity state (quiet vs active) during the echocardiogram and maternal aerobic capacity served as covariates. Intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol (participants who attended ≥80% of exercise sessions) analysis of covariance regression models were performed. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study demonstrate that participation in prenatal aerobic exercise at recommended levels may improve fetal cardiac function and outflow parameters. Follow‐up cardiovascular measures in the postnatal period are needed to determine potential long‐term effects on the offspring's cardiac function and outflow. RESULTS: Of the 127 randomly assigned participants, 66 and 50 participants were included in the intention‐to‐treat and per‐protocol analyses, respectively. Prenatal aerobic exercise significantly increased fetal right‐ventricular cardiac measures of right ventricular stroke volume (P=.001) and stroke index via velocity‐time integral (P=.003), right ventricular cardiac output (P=.002), cardiac index via velocity‐time integral (P=.006), pulmonary artery diameter (P=.02), and pulmonary valve velocity‐time integral (P=.03). Only in the intention‐to‐treat analysis was a significant difference in fetal left ventricular cardiac outflow observed; there was a greater aortic valve peak velocity (P=.04) found among fetuses of aerobically trained pregnant women. No other statistically significant between‐group differences were found.
 Effect of Electroacupuncture in Diabetic Patients With Gastroparesis;  Initially, we will collect 30 patients with type 2 diabetes with a ≧ 3‐month history of dyspeptic symptoms. An upper GI endocopy will be obtained to rule out possibility of organic obstruction. Cardiac arrhythmia and pregnancy will be excluded. None of them ever received abdominal surgery. Patients are then randomized to one of two treatment arms. Arm I: 15 patients received EA stimulation on acupoints St‐36 (Zusanli) and Li‐4 (Hegu). Arm II: 15 subjected to EA stimulation on non‐acupoints around St‐36 and Li‐4 with the same electrical pulse and amplitude. Gastroparesis Cardinal Symptom Index (GCSI) and solid‐phase gastric emptying time will be measured on baseline and after EA. In addition, serum gastrin, motilin, human pancreatic polypeptide, fasting blood sugar, and postprandial glucose levels will be also monitored.
 The Effects of Raspberry Leaf Tea on Blood Glucose Control;  The volunteer inclusion criteria are: (Fasting blood glucose in the range < 5.5 mmol/l (at day 0); A signed consent form; Age 18‐65 years; Body mass index ≤ 34.9 kg/m2; Non‐smoking; No pregnancy/lactation; No use of herbal medicines for at least the previous three months; Not on a weight loss program six months before screening; Not involved in clinical trial six months before screening; Not had severe cardiac, hepatic, or renal function impairment). The volunteer exclusion criteria are: (Smoking, Pregnancy/lactation; Use of herbal medicines for at least the previous three months; Involved in a weight loss program six months before screening; Involved in clinical trial six months before the screening; Had severe cardiac, hepatic, or renal function impairment; Sufferers of chronic illnesses; Individuals with food allergies; People with prediabetes or diabetes; People with coeliac disease) If all subjects are generally healthy, as demonstrated by their medical history and laboratory tests, including fasting blood sugar and insulin levels, as well as HOMA‐IR, liver function tests (alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase, total bilirubin, and gamma‐GT), renal function tests (uric acid and creatinine), and lipid profile tests (total cholesterol, Triglycerides). They will be asked to attend a four‐study visit after an eight‐hour overnight fast. Volunteers will be asked to consume 50 g of carbohydrate powder (sucrose and glucose) with or without 10 g of raspberry leaf tea, which will be dissolved in 300 mL of warm water during four visits (every month). Blood samples will be taken at intervals for a period of two hours after the consumption of raspberry leaf or control. Blood glucose and insulin levels will be tested 15 minutes before, at 15,30,60,90, and 120 minutes after carbohydrate intake.
 Molecular Mechanisms of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus;  Specific Aims To test the global hypothesis that increases in insulin signaling through either PI‐3‐kinase or MAP kinase pathways correlate with improvements in NO production or NOS expression in skeletal muscle following pioglitazone therapy, we will determine whether 6 months of Pioglitazone therapy: i. Increases the activities of muscle NO synthase, IRS‐1, PI‐3 kinase, PI3‐kinase associated with IRS‐1 and/or MAP‐kinase ii. Improves brachial arterial endothelial function In addition, we will determine whether 6 months of pioglitazone therapy improves abnormal cardiovascular disease risk factors in type 2 diabetic patients by documenting the effects of the drug on plasma lipoprotein profile and on circulating levels of markers of hypercoagulability, inflammatory and endothelial damage. Experimental Plan Subjects. Adult type 2 diabetic individuals ranging from 18‐65 yrs, with BMI between 24 and 37 kg/m2 and mean hemoglobin A1c levels equal to 6.5 and 9.0% will be studied. A total of 50 subjects will be recruited. There are over 8,000 type 2 diabetic patients under treatment at the TDI with a total of approximately 90,000 visits per year registered in the year 2000. As the main source of diabetes care and education to a population of predominantly Hispanic Americans, the TDI also is responsible for periodic screening in the community. Thus, we do not anticipate any problems in recruiting 50 subjects required for the present study. All patients will be normotensive, free of significant medical problems other than diabetes, and either on diet alone or diet plus sulfonylurea (or meglitinides) therapy. Subjects who have received or are receiving treatment with a thiazolidinedione (TZD) will be excluded. We previously have shown that sulfonyureas have no direct insulin sensitizing effect. Research Design. General Approach. An open‐label prospective clinical trial including 50 type 2 diabetic patients (25 diet‐treated and 25 treated with diet plus sulfonylurea) will have pioglitazone, 45 mg daily; added to their therapeutic regimen. All patients will be closely monitored and, in addition to periodic contacts and clinical visits, metabolic and vascular parameters will be assessed at the beginning and after 3 and 6 months of therapy. Euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp with muscle biopsies will be performed at the beginning and after 6 months of treatment. Subject Recruitment. Potential volunteers will be invited for a screening visit (Visit 1) during which subjects will be instructed in English (with Spanish translation when appropriate) about the nature of the study, eligibility criteria and required commitments, as well as the potential risks and benefits anticipated for each individual and for the community in general. Written informed consent for participation in the clinical trial from individuals thought to be eligible to participate will be obtained at Visit 1. Laboratory Tests. Measurements of fasting plasma glucose (Beckman Glucose Analyzer), HbA1c (32) insulin (33) and C‐peptide (34) by radioimmunoassay, and free fatty acids by HPLC (35) will be performed in the principal investigator's laboratory at the Texas Diabetes Institute, as previously described. Assays for VCAM and ICAM (3), p‐Selectin and s‐Selectin (4), PAI‐1 and endothelin‐1 (36), and plasma lipids by MRS (37) and apolipoproteins (38) will be performed in the laboratories of the Diabetes Division at the University of Texas Health Science Center. Measurements of IRS‐1 thyrosine phosphorylation, PI‐3 kinase activity and association of PI‐3 kinase with IRS‐1 also will be performed in the Diabetes Division laboratory. At Visit 1 a complete medical history (including a list of current medications, reproductive status and menstrual history for females), physical examination (including height and weight), and vital signs will be obtained. Three consecutive blood pressure measurements will be performed in the sitting position using an automated arm cuff and only individuals with a blood pressure less than 140/90 mmHg will be considered eligible. A urinalysis will be performed and blood will be drawn after an overnight fast for measurement of complete blood count (hematocrit, white cells and platelets), plasma glucose, free T4 and TSH; SMA 20, lipid profile; hemoglobin A1c levels (HbA1C); free fatty acids, insulin and C‐peptide concentrations and for a pregnancy test (females only). An EKG also will be performed. All diabetic patients who are deemed healthy and meet eligibility criteria (see below) based upon physical exam, medical history and screening laboratory tests will be invited to participate in the study. Euglycemic Insulin Clamp with Muscle Biopsies. The degree of insulin resistance will be estimated with the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp technique (23) using an insulin infusion rate (80 mU/m2.min), as previously described (24). Briefly, one week after completion of the screening visit 2 (Visit 3), patients will report to the Clinical Research Unit at 8:00 AM after a 10‐12 hour overnight fast. Catheters will be inserted into a peripheral vein (for infusion of all test substances) and into a retrograde hand vein (for blood sampling), which will be placed in a heated box (750 C). At time t = ‐120 minutes, a percutaneous biopsy of the vastus lateralis muscle will be performed under local anesthesia as previously described (25). The subject then will be allowed to rest in bed for 60 minutes. At time t = ‐30 min to 0 min baseline blood samples will be obtained. At time = 0 min, insulin will be infused at 80 mU/m2.min for 180 minutes to raise the plasma insulin concentration to approximately 120 µU/ml to examine peripheral tissue (muscle) sensitivity to insulin. During the insulin clamp, a small amount of blood (0.5 ml) is withdrawn every 5 minutes from the arterialized venous blood (heated box technique) to determine plasma glucose concentration. When the plasma glucose concentration declines to 100 mg/dl a variable infusion of 20% dextrose is appropriately adjusted to maintain the plasma glucose concentration constant at this level (±5%). The rate of exogenous glucose infusion will be averaged during the last 60 minutes to provide a quantitative measure of insulin‐mediated (primarily muscle) total glucose disposal. Insulin infusion will be stopped and the study will be terminated at t = 180 minutes. Patients will be observed for an additional 90 minutes after consuming a meal and they will be allowed to leave after plasma glucose is stable. The sample size calculation was based upon the changes in forearm blood flow in response to acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside in normal and diabetic subjects during preliminary studies and from previously published studies by Caballero et al (10). The pooled standard deviation for changes from baseline to endpoint in forearm blood flow (ml/100gr per min) in our laboratory is 1.20. In order to detect with 90% power a difference in forearm blood flow in response to these physiologic agents before and after 6 months of pioglitazone therapy, 40 completed patients are required. Assuming a dropout rate of approximately 20%, 50 diabetic patients must be recruited to obtain 40 completers. Based on the laser Doppler skin blood flow measurements, we have an 80% chance of showing an improvement of Subjects must meet all of the following criteria: 1) male or female 18‐65 years of age; 2) type 2 diabetes based on the American Diabetes Association criteria; 3) HbA1c = 6.5‐9.0% while on diet alone or diet plus sulfonylurea (or meglitinides) therapy; 4) no history of thiazolidinediones, insulin, ACE inhibitor or AII‐receptor blockade therapy; 5) taking no medications known to affect glycemic control or endothelial function, unless the medication has been stable for at least 3 months; 6) blood pressure equal or below 140/90 mmHg; 7) not pregnant and willing to take appropriate contraceptive measures if capable of becoming pregnant; 8) serum creatinine below 1.7 mg/dl in female and 1.8 mg/dl in males; 9) ALT or AST less than 2 times the upper limit of normal for the laboratory and absence of clinical signs or symptoms of liver disease; 10) hematocrit > 34% in females and >35% in males; 11) normal thyroid function; 12) no evidence of coronary heart disease (by history or EKG) or moderate to severe congestive heart failure (NY Heart Association Cardiac Class III or IV); 13) no history or the presence of any clinically significant or unstable medical condition that makes the subject unlikely to complete the study in the opinion of the PI; and 14) absence of any condition or situations which would preclude adherence and completion of the protocol; 15) the ability to give voluntary informed consent. All clinical laboratory analyses for this trial will be performed at the central laboratory at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio. All research analytical determinations will be performed in the laboratories of the Diabetes Division. Eligible subjects will return one week after Visit 1 for a second visit (Visit 2), a subject number will be assigned, and a nutritional assessment by a dietitian will be performed. A morning urine specimen will be collected for the determination of microalbumin‐to‐creatinine ratio. Patients also will have baseline determinations of circulating plasminogen activator inhibitor PAI‐1, endothelin‐1, VCAM, ECAM, p‐selectin and e‐selectin (markers of endothelial damage), C‐reactive protein and interleukins (markers of inflammation); PAI‐1 (marker o hypercoagulable state); plasma lipids (total HDL/LDL cholesterol and triglycerides), as well as LDL and HDL particle size, and apolipoproteins A1, B and C‐III. All personal data, anthropometric measurements (height, weight, waist‐to‐hip ratio), dietary history, vital signs and clinical findings will be recorded in a confidential master file. 50% in skin blood in response to physiologic stimuli (from 65% to 100%) following pioglitazone therapy. Thus, we will have more than sufficient diabetic individuals to detect statistically significant changes in skin and muscle blood flow. Vascular Studies. Subjects will be asked to return to the Clinical Research Unit one week after the euglycemic insulin clamp for vascular studies (Visit 4). Change in forearm blood flow following brachial artery infusion of acetylcholine (endothelial NO‐dependent) and sodium nitroprusside (endothelial‐independent) will be used to assess the arterial vasodilatory response to physiological stimuli. All test substances will be infused into the non‐dominant arm. After local skin anesthesia with lidocaine, a 20‐gauge needle attached to an arterial line (Arrow International, Erding, Germany) will be used to cannulate the brachial artery. A pressurized 0.9% saline solution bag will be connected to the arterial line, and a constant drip will be started at t = ‐60 min to keep the arterial line patent throughout the study. Subjects will then be allowed to rest for 60 minutes. At time t = ‐5 min, five consecutive measurements of forearm blood flow will be performed using a mercury strain gauge plethysmography (Hokanson Plethysmograph, Model EC4, Hokanson, Bellevue, WA), combined with a rapid cuff inflator. Test substances will be infused according to a variation of the original design of Bergholm et al, as follows. After completion of baseline measurements, an intra‐brachial infusion of sodium nitroprusside at 3 microg/min will be started and continued for 12 minutes (the last 6 minutes are used to establish the local vascular effect of sodium nitroprusside). At time t = 12 min, the infusion rate of sodium nitroprusside is increased to 10 microg/min and the infusion continued for an additional 6 minutes. At time t = 18 min, the sodium nitroprusside infusion is stopped and 2 ml of blood is withdrawn to clear the arterial line. Saline is then infused for 30 minutes and at time t = 48 min, an intra‐brachial infusion of acetylcholine at a constant rate of 15 microg/min is started and continued for 8 minutes (the last 6 minutes are used to establish the local vascular effect of acetylcholine). At time t = 54 min, the infusion rate of acetylcholine is doubled to 30 microg/min and the infusion continued for and additional 6 minutes. Forearm blood flow is measured five consecutive times during the last 3 minutes of each intra‐brachial infusion period, i.e., at time t = 9‐12 min and t = 15‐18 min, respectively during the low and high nitroprusside dose, and at time t = 51‐54 min and t = 57‐60 min, respectively during the low and high acetylcholine dose. At time t= 60 min, the acetylcholine infusion is stopped and the study terminated. At the end of the experiment the arterial line is removed and compression to the area applied for 10 minutes. The radial pulse is verified every 5 minutes during the 30‐min period after the experiment is terminated, before subjects are allowed to leave. Subjects will be contacted within 24 hrs and 1week after completion of the study to ascertain that there have been no complications. Upon completion of baseline metabolic and vascular studies patients will be started on pioglitazone, 30 mg per day (Visit 6). Patients will be asked to continue with their previous medical regimen and will be followed by the PI/nursing team at the Texas Diabetes Institute. All participants will be contacted weekly by phone to ascertain that there are no adverse events during the initiation period of 4 weeks, at which time the dose of pioglitazone will be increased to 45 mg per day. All patients will be required to return for office visits at 6 weeks intervals during the entire 6 months of the study (Visits 7‐10). All available records of capillary blood glucose, adverse events and other major events will be collected and added to a confidential file under the patients' assigned number. Office visits every six weeks are intended to review patients' interim medical history to document adverse events, to emphasize adherence to the medical regimen, to obtain blood for laboratory determinations, and record vital signs, body weight, neurologic and fundoscopic findings. Blood and urine measurements similar to those in Visit 2 also will be obtained. Metabolic and vascular studies similar to those described above (Visits 3,4,5) before the initiation of pioglitazone therapy will be performed again at 3 and 6 months (Visits 8 and 10) and insulin clamps with muscle biopsies will be repeated at the end of the 6 month period (Visit 10). Patients will be discontinued from the study program for any of the following reasons: 1) the principal investigator decides that the subject should be withdrawn, either because of serious adverse events or clinically significant laboratory abnormalities; 2) the subject requests that he/she be withdrawn; 3) the subject becomes pregnant during the study; and 4) the subject is non‐compliant with study guidelines, recommendations, and for the treatment regimen. Early termination at any time will be accompanied by collection of data as outlined in Visit 10. Any patient who is withdrawn from the study will be followed for as long as necessary to establish a stable therapeutic program. Sample Size and Data Analysis Methods. We will perform correlation analyses to examine the relationships between the increment in skin and forearm blood flow following acetylcholine infusion and the improvements in plasma hemoglobin A1c levels and whole body insulin sensitivity before and after pioglitazone therapy using ANOVA with repeated measures over time. We anticipate that pioglitazone treatment will improve glycemic control and tissue insulin sensitivity and that the improvements in hemoglobin A1c and insulin action will be closely related to improvements in acetylcholine‐stimulated increments in skin and forearm blood flow. Changes in insulin sensitivity (insulin clamp data), insulin signaling pathways activity, nitric oxide production in vivo, endothelial function, FPG and HbA1c will be compared. Further, we anticipate that plasma levels of endothelial damage markers (ICAM/VCAM), p‐Selectin, s‐Selectin and PAI‐1 and inflammatory markers (C‐reactive protein and interleukins), which are elevated in diabetic patients, will be reduced following pioglitazone, and that the reduction will correlate with the improvements in skin and muscle endothelial function. We also expect to observe an improvement in the plasma lipid profile, especially triglycerides and free fatty acids after pioglitazone treatment. Similar correlations between improved endothelial‐independent blood flow (nitroprusside‐stimulated) following pioglitazone treatment and enhanced insulin sensitivity, glycemic control, nitric oxide production and insulin signaling pathways will also be performed. We expect that improved insulin sensitivity (insulin clamp) and increased NO production in vivo following pioglitazone treatment will be closely related to enhanced IRS‐1 tyrosine phosphorylation and total IRS‐1 associated PI‐3 kinase activity, which we previously have shown to be markedly impaired in type 2 diabetic individuals (39). In contrast, we expect that the MAP‐kinase (mitogenic) pathway, which regulates vascular smooth muscle cell growth/proliferation and which we have shown to be normal or upregulated in type 2 diabetics, may be inhibited following pioglitazone treatment. It would be of great pathogenic significance if reduction in the MAP kinase activity correlated with the improved endothelial function following pioglitazone therapy.
 Prevention of Adverse Pregnancy Outcome With Vitamin D Supplementation During Pregnancy;  Vitamin D deficiency has been associated with many chronic diseases. These include cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, multiple sclerosis, breast and prostate cancers. Recently, its role in pregnancy has been explored. Vitamin D deficiency has been found to be associated with adverse pregnancy outcome. These include pre eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm labor and low birth weight. Bodnar et al, evaluated role of vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy in PE in a nested case control study. The investigators looked at the role of vitamin D at gestational age of < 22 weeks. Women who developed PE were found to have low levels of vitamin D. These women had serum levels of vitamin D < 15 ng/ml, were supplemented during pregnancy with prenatal vitamins, were still found to have 5 fold greater chances of developing PE (adjusted odds ratio, 5.0; 95% confidence interval, 1.7‐14.1).Children of above group of women were also found to have low levels of vitamin D. The authors concluded that vitamin D deficiency may be an independent factor for the development of PE.(1) In an epidemiological study from Norway, involving 23,423 primigravidae, the rsik of PE was found to be 27% greater in women who did not receive D supplements, compared to women who received 10‐15µg/day of vitamin D(2). Circulating levels of 1‐25(OH) have been found to be low in women with PE.(3) This has been attributed to reduced expression and activity of 1α‐hydroxylase in human placenta from preeclamptic pregnancies.(4) This association with PE has also been found to be influenced by VEGF (Vascular endothelial growth factor). Active forms of vitamin D have been found to increase the expression of VEGF , and its release in vascular smooth cells, in in‐vitro studies.(5) Vitamin D deficiency has also been associated with small for gestational age (SGA) (6) The difference has been found to be more subtle for Caucasians as compared to African‐Americans in West. The investigators showed a U shaped association between D levels and SGA. After confounder adjustment, compared with serum 25(OH)D 37.5‐75 nmol/L, SGA odds ratios (95% CI) for levels <37.5 and >75 nmol/L were 7.5 (1.8, 31.9) and 2.1 (1.2, 3.8), respectively. In a similar study by Brooke, among Asian women resident in UK, vitamin D supplementation with 1000IU in third trimester, compared with placebo, was associated with decreased incidence of small for gestational age (15% versus 29%). Investigators suggested supplementation with vitamin D among Asians living in UK.(7) Vitamin D deficiency has been related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women. Zhang et al, found that vitamin D deficiency in early pregnancy is linked with increased risk for GDM. Vitamin D deficiency was associated with a 2.66‐fold (OR (95% CI): 2.66 (1.01‐7.02)) increased GDM risk. Moreover, each 5 ng/ml decrease in 25‐[OH] D concentrations was related to a 1.29‐fold increase in GDM risk (OR (95% CI): 1.29 (1.05‐1.60)).(8) Similarly, in an Iranian study, women who were found to have GDM, were found to have lower levels of serum 1,25 (OH), as compared to normoglycemic women. (9) Serum levels of <12 nmol/L were found associated with GDM. This may be linked to the fact that 1,25(OH) stimulates insulin secretion. Vitamin D deficiency has also been linked to increased risk for cesarean section. In a study of 253 women, who underwent cesarean section, multivariable logistic regression analysis controlling for race, age, education level, insurance status, and alcohol use, women with 25(OH)D less than 37.5 nmol/liter were almost 4 times as likely to have a cesarean than women with 25(OH)D 37.5 nmol/liter or greater (adjusted odds ratio 3.84; 95% confidence interval 1.71 to 8.62).(10) Poor muscular performance due to vitamin D deficiency may be the reason for the increased cesarean section rate. Preterm labor, is the other adverse pregnancy outcome, which is thought to be affected by maternal serum levels of 1,25(OH). In a recently concluded RCT, a comparison was made between 400IU, 2000IU and 4000IU of daily supplementation with vitamin D. Women who were prescribed highest doses had significant less chances of spontaneous preterm birth at < 37 and at < 32 weeks.(11) Inflammation plays a key role in the etiology of preterm labor. And vitamin D is known to influence the production of inflammatory mediators like interleukin 1, interleukin ‐6 and tumor necrosis factor by macrophages.(12) This may be a reason for decreased incidence of preterm birth in women who received vitamin D supplementation. Birth weight of newborn is also affected by maternal serum D levels. In a study from neighboring Iran, of 449 women, birth weight, length and apgar score were significantly better in women who took diet adequate in calcium and vitamin D.(13) Vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy leads to increased calcium stores in infants and improved weight gain as well. Levels < 25ng/ml are associated with rickets and osteomalacia. There is positive correlation between maternal and neonatal cord levels of vitamin D. This relationship has also been shown in studies from other part of world. (14‐16)This indicates that these newborns are entering the world, with deficiency of vitamin D, which starts in utero. Apart from affecting skeletal development, it also affects the innate immune system of newborn. In a case‐control study, children who were deficient in vitamin D were found to be more prone to acute respiratory tract infections. The mean serum 25(OH)D concentrations in the study group newborns were lower than those of the control group (9.12+/‐8.88 ng/ml and 16.33+/‐13.42 ng/ml, respectively) (P=0.011). (17) It has been observed that infants born to D replete mothers will become D deficient, 8 weeks after birth, unless they are supplemented with vitamin D. In an earlier cross sectional study, from Karachi city Atiq M, had found low levels of vitamin D in newborns who were breastfed. The age group was from 6 weeks to 11 months. Thirty‐four (48%) mothers and 37 (52%) infants had levels less than 25 nmol/ L (i.e. <10ng/ml). The investigators found a significant correlation between serum 25(OH)D levels of infants under three months of age and their mothers (p<0.01).(18) Though this study was carried out in a private university hospital, where majority of mothers belonged to upper socio economic class. Content of vitamin D in breast milk is dependant upon the serum levels in mothers. Supplementation of lactating mothers has been recommended to avoid deficiency in newborn, but is not a norm in our practice. There is also increased motivation for exclusive breast feeding for the first 4‐6 months in our society. Hence with prevalence of vitamin D deficiency as high as 90% in our population (data submitted for publication), our newborns are more at risk for vitamin D deficient rickets
 Middle cerebral artery dopplers in a low-risk population;  Objective To construct reference intervals for middle cerebral artery Doppler indices in a low‐risk population. Study design This was a prospective, cross‐sectional study involving low‐risk women attending Cork University Maternity Hospital conducted concurrently with a primary study to construct normograms for fetal biometry. Women were recruited from their first trimester dating scan and randomly allocated to a single scan between 14‐40 weeks gestation. Scans were performed by a sole researcher. Gestation was calculated using the estimated due date assigned by dating scan. Recruits were Irish Caucasian women with a singleton pregnancy. Women with conditions affecting placental function including hypertension, pre‐eclampsia, renal disease, autoimmune disorders and diabetes mellitus were excluded. Fetuses at risk of anaemia were excluded as were fetuses with congenital anomalies. Middle cerebral artery Dopplers were sampled using the Voluson E8 ultrasound by GE Healthcare. Results Nine‐hundred‐and‐fifteen women were recruited. Seven‐hundred‐and‐ninety‐three women met the inclusion criteria and were scanned as per protocol. Median maternal age was 32 (range 17‐44). Median BMI was 24.7 (range 17.1‐48.6). Nulliparous women constituted 46.5% (369/793) of recruits, 32.6% (261/793) were expecting their second child, 18.3% (145/793) were expecting their third or fourth child, while only 2.3% (18/793) were grand multiparous. Reference intervals for middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity (PSV) and pulsatility index (PI) were generated for this population. Conclusion We have constructed reference interval for middle cerebral artery Doppler indices from 16 to 40 weeks in a low‐risk population using up‐to‐date ultrasound equipment.
 Uteroplacental blood flow, cardiac function, and pregnancy outcome in women with congenital heart disease;  BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with congenital heart disease (CHD) are susceptible to cardiovascular, obstetric, and offspring complications. In women with CHD, cardiac dysfunction may compromise uteroplacental flow and contribute to the increased incidence of obstetric and offspring events. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a prospective multicenter cohort study of pregnant women with CHD and healthy pregnant women. We compared clinical, laboratory, echocardiographic, and uteroplacental Doppler flow (UDF) parameters at 20 and 32 weeks gestation, and pregnancy outcome. We related cardiovascular parameters to UDF parameters and pregnancy outcome in women with CHD. We included 209 women with CHD and 70 healthy women. Cardiovascular parameters (N‐terminal pro‐B‐type natriuretic peptide, left and right ventricular function) differed between both groups. UDF parameters were impaired in CHD women (umbilical artery pulsatility and resistance index at 32 weeks in CHD versus healthy women, P=0.0085 and P=0.017). The following cardiovascular parameters prepregnancy and at 20 weeks gestation were associated with UDF (umbilical artery resistance index) at 32 weeks at multivariable analysis: (1) right ventricular function (tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion) (P=0.002), (2) high N‐terminal pro‐B‐type natriuretic peptide (P=0.085), (3) systemic (P=0.001), and (4) pulmonary (P=0.045) atrioventricular valve regurgitation. Women with CHD had more obstetric (58.9% versus 32.9%, P<0.0001) and offspring events (35.4% versus 18.6%, P=0.008) than healthy women. Impaired UDF was associated with adverse obstetric and offspring outcome. CONCLUSIONS: UDF parameters are abnormal in pregnant women with CHD. Cardiovascular function is associated with an abnormal pattern of UDF. Compromised UDF may be a key factor in the high incidence of offspring and obstetric complications in this population.
 Glucose metabolism and systolic ventricular function in newborns of diabetic mothers;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The patient group: fetus of pregnant women with insulindependent diabetes mellitus who get included consecutively in prepartal special consultation hour at gestational age 28+0 ‐ 30+6 weeks in the Aalsund hospital. The next birth at the obstetric clinic becomes a control if the mother do not have diabetes. The following examinations er planned for the patient group: 1)fetale echokardiography betwenn 28+0 GA and 30+6 GA 2) bloodsamples from the mother (HbA1c und C‐Peptid) 3)bloodsamples from the umbilical cord (C‐Peptid, fetal Insulin und Glucose) 4)echocardiography within 48 hours in the newborn 5) clinical signs of heart failure and/or hyperglycemia 6)echokardiography of the infant around 4 weeks 7) echokardiography of the infant around 3 month (and afterwards if needed) Step 4‐7 is planned in the group of controlls without maternal diabetes CONDITION: I42.9 ‐ Cardiomyopathy, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: frequency of septum hypertrophy, cardiomyopathy and ventricle dysfunction by echocardiography inside 48 hours after birth SECONDARY OUTCOME: Correlation between septumhypertrophy, cardiomyopathy and ventricle dysfunction and clinical symptoms || Correlation between septumhypertrophy, cardiomyopathy, ventricle dysfunction and HbA1c+C‐peptide (from the pregnant) C‐peptide+insulin (from cord blood) and hypoglycemia of the newborn by gathering of the results from routine blood samples under observation in the NICU || Incident of congenital heart malformation || outcome of septumhypertrophy/ventricle dysfunction/cardiomyopathy by follow up echocardiography at 4 weeks and 3 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Pregnancy with insulin dependent Diabetes mellitus in the with follow up at the obstetric department of the general hospital in Ålesund / Norway, first appointment with manifested insulindependent D. mellitus latest at 30+6 wks of gestation 2. full term birth after 37+0 ‐ 42+0 gestational age. 3. documented consent of the parents. 4. A control group will be recruted by including the nextborn fullterm infant of a non diabetic mother after birth of an infant from the target group. Documented consent also in this group. patient group
 Assessing cardiovascular disease risk factors as predictors of preterm birth;  Introduction: Preterm birth, which burdens 10% of births globally, is related to later cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. We sought to determine whether risk factors included in the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk score predict preterm, early or extremely preterm birth. Methods: Using a cohort of mothers who delivered singleton births in California from 2009 to 2010, 868 patients were randomly selected and divided between fullterm (n = 457) and preterm (n = 411), with fortification for extremely preterm (<32 weeks, n = 162). We employed logistic regression analysis in unadjusted and multivariable adjusted models to study the association between maternal CVD risk factors identified from hospital and clinic records [including age, race/ethnicity, smoking status, hypertension (chronic, gestational, and pre‐eclampsia), diabetes, and hyperlipidemia (based on total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, and triglycerides quartiles) measured in the first trimester] and preterm birth outcomes. Separate models considered the following outcomes: preterm (all births <37 weeks), early preterm (32‐36 weeks), and extremely preterm (20‐31 weeks) compared to fullterm (>37 weeks). Results: (see table) Conclusions: The traditional CVD risk factors of hypertension and diabetes are significantly associated with an increased risk of preterm birth with higher risks for early and extremely preterm; additionally, a significant dose response was noted for total cholesterol and LDL in early and extremely preterm births. Our findings reinforce the clinical importance of integrating obstetric and cardiovascular risk assessment across the healthcare continuum in women.
 Promoting REproductive Planning And REadiness in Diabetes (PREPARED) Study protocol: a clinic-randomised controlled trial testing a technology-based strategy to promote preconception care for women with type 2 diabetes;  INTRODUCTION: Women with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are more likely to experience adverse reproductive outcomes, yet preconception care can significantly reduce these risks. For women with T2DM, preconception care includes reproductive planning and patient education on: (1) the importance of achieving glycaemic control before pregnancy, (2) using effective contraception until pregnancy is desired, (3) discontinuing teratogenic medications if pregnancy could occur, (4) taking folic acid, and (5) managing cardiovascular and other risks. Despite its importance, few women with T2DM receive recommended preconception care. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We are conducting a two‐arm, clinic‐randomised trial at 51 primary care practices in Chicago, Illinois to evaluate a technology‐based strategy to 'hardwire' preconception care for women of reproductive age with T2DM (the PREPARED (Promoting REproductive Planning And REadiness in Diabetes) strategy) versus usual care. PREPARED leverages electronic health record (EHR) technology before and during primary care visits to: (1) promote medication safety, (2) prompt preconception counselling and reproductive planning, and (3) deliver patient‐friendly educational tools to reinforce counselling. Post‐visit, text messaging is used to: (4) encourage healthy lifestyle behaviours. English and Spanish‐speaking women, aged 18‐44 years, with T2DM will be enrolled (N=840; n=420 per arm) and will receive either PREPARED or usual care based on their clinic's assignment. Data will be collected from patient interviews and the EHR. Outcomes include haemoglobin A1c (primary), reproductive knowledge and self‐management behaviours. We will use generalised linear mixed‐effects models (GLMMs) to evaluate the impact of PREPARED on these outcomes. GLMMs will include a fixed effect for treatment assignment (PREPARED vs usual care) and random clinic effects. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This study was approved by the Northwestern University Institutional Review Board (STU00214604). Study results will be published in journals with summaries shared online and with participants upon request. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov Registry (NCT04976881).
 Metabolic score as a novel approach to assessing preeclampsia risk;  OBJECTIVE: Clinical trials have confirmed the association of metabolic syndrome with cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. Because recent evidence suggests that preeclampsia is a risk factor for future CVD, we sought to determine whether metabolic syndrome was associated with preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: As part of a large case‐control study, women were prospectively identified with preeclampsia. Controls were patients presenting for delivery at term without preeclampsia. Two pregnancy‐based metabolic scores (0, 1, or 2 or more) were created using initial or final pregnancy body mass index, chronic hypertension, and diabetes. Stratified analysis and logistic regression were used to evaluate the association of metabolic score with preeclampsia and disease severity. RESULTS: For initial metabolic score, 44.1%, 42.3%, and 13.5% of cases (n = 259) and 61.5%, 33.2%, and 5.3% of controls (n = 297) had scores of 0, 1 (odds ratio [OR] 1.91, P = .002), and 2 or more (OR 2.65, P = .001), respectively. CONCLUSION: Metabolic score appears to be associated independently with developing preeclampsia, particularly severe disease.
 Maternal vitamin d deficiency and the risk of preeclampsia;  OBJECTIVE: Vitamin D deficiency has been associated with several systemic conditions and adverse perinatal outcomes. Our objective was to determine whether low maternal serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin D 25(OH)D levels prior to 16 weeks' gestation are associated with development of preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of the NICHD and the W.K. Kellogg Foundation‐sponsored randomized controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation to women with singleton gestations who delivered at our institution between 2004‐2009 and 2013‐2015, respectively. Women with pre‐existent calcium or parathyroid disorders, uncontrolled thyroid disease, and cardiac conditions on diuretics or calcium channel blockers were excluded from the study. Maternal 25(OH)D serum levels prior to 16 weeks' gestation were compared between women who subsequently developed preeclampsia and those who remained healthy. Multivariable regression analysis was conducted to adjust for potential confounders. Level of significance was defined as P < 0.05. RESULTS: Of the 555 women enrolled, 26 (4.68%) patients were diagnosed with preeclampsia and 529 (95.32%) remained healthy. Race/ethnicity did not vary significantly among the groups. Maternal 25(OH)D serum level (mean standard deviation (SD)) prior to 16 weeks' gestation was significantly lower in the preeclamptic than in the non‐preeclamptic group (19.28 +/‐ 7.66 versus 24.73 +/‐ 9.52; P=0.0042; Figure 1). The difference remained significant after adjusting for prepregnancy maternal weight, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and timing of 25(OH)D testing (P=0.02). CONCLUSION: In this study, decreased levels of maternal vitamin D during early gestation were significantly associated with the subsequent development of preeclampsia. The potential beneficial effect of prepregnancy and early first trimester vitamin D supplementation to reduce preeclampsia should be investigated. (Figure Presented).
 Effect of Mental Stress on Glucose Control in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus;  Introduction Stress is part of the investigators daily life, and means to cope with it allow adaptation and survival. To this end, physiological pathways are activated, including neuroendocrine, cardiovascular and metabolic responses. In short term, the majority of consequences are beneficial, in the long run, however, chronic psychosocial stress may constitute an increased risk for coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes, and disability. Acute mental stress induces an exaggerated release of stress hormones e.g. catecholamine and cortisol which are thought not only to increase heart rate (HR) and blood pressure (BP) but also to increase blood glucose levels. In clinical practice, patients and health care providers are often confronted with questions concerning psychological stress as a possible reason for glucose fluctuations. Whether stress itself or poor treatment adherence is responsible for the altered glucose control remains often controversial. Differences in the inter‐ and intraindividual response to stress have been suggested, but only a few small studies have addressed the effect of acute psychological stress on glucose control in patients with diabetes. Patients with type 2 diabetes may overestimate the effect of acute psychological stress on glucose control but further studies are clearly needed to definitely exclude or confirm a relevant effect of stress on the glucose control in diabetic patients. For example, effects of longer lasting or repetitive events of psychological stress on glucose concentrations still remain elusive. The aim of the present study was therefore to investigate the effect of prolonged psychological stress by means of repetitive safe driving training courses on glucose control in patients with diabetes. Patients and Methods Forty patients with type 1 or insulin‐treated type 2 diabetes attending the outpatient‐clinic of the Kantonsspital Frauenfeld or University Hospital of Zurich for regular visits are invited to participate. Included are patients on any oral glucose‐lowering treatment and at least one daily injection of insulin, a valid driver license and written informed consent given. Exclusion criteria are diabetes duration <2 years, pregnancy, unstable coronary artery disease, limited visual acuity or unstable proliferative diabetic retinopathy, uncontrolled hypertension (BP >160/95mmHg) and pituitary or adrenal disease. The Ethics committee of the Kanton Thurgau approved the protocol and the study conform to the principles outlined in the Declaration of Helsinki. On the control day, patients are placed in a quiet room and are permitted to read. They also have the possibility to leave the room and stay on a balcony. On the stress testing day, patients complete a driving training with their car between 5 and 7 p.m. The driving training consists of 3 consecutive exercises: first, a slalom track on dry and wet asphalt, secondly, a full braking exercise with water obstacles. Thirdly, the car is hurled around by a mechanical plate and the patients has to regain control over it. Study protocol Each patient completes a control and a stress testing day which takes place consecutively in a randomized order. Randomization is performed by an uninvolved third person. The study is carried out at the driving training area of the Touring Club Switzerland at Hinwil. Patients are advised to have lunch before 12:00 a.m. and to abstain from food thenceforth. Drinking mineral water remains allowed during the entire study days, and the patients have to take their basal insulin and other medication as usual. Patients are advised to arrive at the driving training area between 2:30 and 3:00 p.m. At arrival, a capillary glucose measurement is carried out, and glucose concentrations ≥10mmol/l are corrected with short‐acting insulin analogues (glucose target 6 ‐ 8mmol/l). Subsequently, no additional adjustment with insulin is allowed during the study. Glucose concentrations ≤4mmol/l are always corrected with administration of 10g carbohydrate (DextroEnergy® or orange juice). On both study days, patients ingest a standard meal at 4:45 p.m. (i.e. 15min before the driving training). Immediately after the meal, short‐acting insulin is injected in knowledge of the carbohydrate content (same dose on both days) or oral antidiabetics are ingested as usual. Measurements of capillary and plasma glucose concentration, blood pressure, heart rate, stress perception and salivary cortisol concentration are carried out in regular intervals between 4 and 9 p.m. on both study days.
 Effect of propolis on diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Patients in intervention group receive propolis tabletes,3 times a day, for 12 weeks.Each tablet contains 300 mg propolis. Intervention 2: Patients in control group, receive placebo tablets 3 times a day for 12 weeks. Patients in control group, receive placebo tablets 3 times a day for 12 weeks Patients in intervention group receive propolis tabletes,3 times a day, for 12 weeks.Each tablet contains 300 mg propolis. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Glucose. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method (mg/dl). Fasting insulin. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA(mU/l). HDL‐C. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Precipitation(mg/dl). Insulin resistance, sensitivity. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Software. LDL‐C. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald formula (mg/dl). Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method (mg/dl). Triglyceride. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method (mg/dl). SECONDARY OUTCOME: HA1C. Timepoint: The baseline and three months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Turbidometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, diagnosed 5‐10 years ago, under treatment with oral hypoglycemic agents. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy, lactation, insulin therapy, any other diseases such as autoimmune, intestinal, liver, thyroid and cardiovascular diseases, vitamin and mineral supplementation, history of dermal or digestive hypersensitivity to propolis, any severe respiratory disease (such as asthma, chronic bronchitis), report of side effects of propolis tablets.
 Effect of Dapagliflozin vs Sitagliptin on Liver Fat Accumulation and Body Composition in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus and Liver Transplantation;  To study the effect of dapagliflozin vs sitagliptin on liver fat accumulation in patients with diabetes and liver transplantation. Material and Methods Ethical considerations The trial protocol is approved by the Medanta ethics committees. The trial will be conducted in accordance with the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki and Good Clinical Practice guidelines. All the patients will be provided with written informed consent before participation. Patients and study area A total of 100 patients will be enrolled for the study. Consecutive patients undergoing liver transplantation and attending outpatient Department of Endocrinology and Diabetes for management of diabetes mellitus will be enrolled. Diabetes mellitus will include both pre‐transplantation type 2 diabetes as well as new‐onset diabetes after transplantation (NODAT). Statistical Analysis Plan: The analysis will include profiling of patients on different demographic, clinical and laboratory parameters etc. Quantitative data will be presented in terms of means and standard deviation and qualitative/categorical data will be presented as absolute numbers and proportions. Cross tabulation will be generated and chi square test will be used for testing of association. Student t test will be used for comparison of quantitative outcome parameters and standard normal deviate test for proportions. P‐value < 0.05 is considered statistically significant. SPSS software will be used for analysis. Eligibility criteria Inclusion criteria 1. Diagnosis of diabetes (pre‐transplantation type 2 diabetes or new onset diabetes after transplantation) 2. Subjects taking insulin and/or metformin and/or sulfonylurea for at least 3 months since liver transplantation 3. Body mass index (BMI) more than or equal to 18.5 kg/m2 Exclusion criteria 1. Type 1 diabetes 2. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <45 ml/min/1.73 m2, calculated by the Chronic Kidney Disease ‐ Epidemiology (CKD‐EPI) equation 3. Liver aminotransferases >3 times the upper limit of the reference range (upper normal limit AST or ALT >=40 units/L) 4. History of recurrent urinary tract infection 5. History or current acute or chronic pancreatitis 6. Pregnancy 7. Presence of major contraindications to magnetic resonance imaging (cardiac pacemakers, claustrophobia, foreign bodies and implanted medical devices with ferromagnetic properties). All patients will be randomized to one of the following intervention groups: Sita group (n = 50): patients with diabetes mellitus receiving multiple doses of insulin plus metformin 500 mg twice daily plus sitagliptin 100 mg once daily and Dapa group (n = 50): patients with diabetes mellitus receiving multiple doses of insulin plus metformin 500 mg daily plus dapagliflozin 10 mg once daily. Glycemic equipoise will be maintained between the two groups by adjusting insulin doses and maintaining target fasting glucose, post‐prandial glucose and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in accordance with the ADA 2021. Imaging Liver fat content and pancreatic fat content will be assessed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) proton density fat Fraction (PDFF) at the beginning of study and again after 12 months of intervention. MRI‐PDFF is a robust technique for noninvasive quantification of liver fat. Multiple human studies have shown that this method accurately estimates PDFF in the liver. This method has been shown to be both accurate, and reproducible. Investigators have validated this technique for Indian population and is already used in the E‐LIFT and D‐LIFT trials. Body composition by Dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA) Body composition will be assessed by DEXA using the Hologic Horizon DXA System (USA) with Discovery software, version 12.3 (Bellingham, WA, USA). DEXA provides a rapid and non‐invasive fat mass, fat free mass and bone mineral density. DEXA is considered to be the reference method for body composition assessment in clinical research. The DEXA‐measured body composition variables that will be included for analysis are weight (kg), body mass index (BMI), total fat mass (kg), android fat mass (g), gynoid fat mass (g), visceral adipose tissue (VAT) mass (g), VAT area (cm2), and abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) mass (g). Obesity will be defined as BMI >25 kg/m2 in accordance with World Health Organization (WHO) Asia pacific guidelines. The skeletal muscle mass index (SMI) will be the appendicular skeletal muscle divided by the height in meters squared. Low appendicular skeletal mass index will be defined as <7.0 kg/m2 for men and <5.4 kg/m2 for women, as per Consensus Report of the Asian Working Group for Sarcopenia (AWGS). Bioelectrical impedance (BIA) analysis Multi‐frequency bioelectrical impedance analysis was completed using InBody 570 body composition analyzer (Biospace, Inc. Seoul, Korea). The InBody 570 is a multi‐frequency analyzer and divides the body into five components: two arms, two legs, and a trunk. The electrodes are situated beneath the subject's feet on the platform and on the palms and thumbs attached to handles on the device. Age, height and gender are manually entered after weight is determined by a scale positioned within device. Laboratory workup Biochemical parameters will include fasting plasma glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C), lipid profile, hemogram, kidney function test (urea, creatinine) and liver function test (total and fractionated bilirubin, alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), gamma‐glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), total protein, albumin) before and after the intervention period. End points and safety assessments The primary endpoint will be changes from baseline in MRI‐PDFF assessed liver and pancreatic fat content at month 12. The secondary outcome measures will be changes from baseline in liver aminotransferases (AST, ALT and GGT) at month 12. Changes from baseline in body composition variables (weight, BMI, body fat percentage, visceral adipose tissue, skeletal muscle mass and bone mineral content) at month 12. Efficacy variables will include proportion of individuals requiring insulin therapy at months 6 and 12, changes from baseline in HbA1c at months 6 and 12, and the percentage change from baseline in the total daily insulin dose (by collecting the daily record of the last week at months 6 and 12). Safety assessment will include adverse events (AEs), serious AEs (SAEs), physical examination findings, vital signs and laboratory values. AEs of special interest will be genital infections, urinary tract infections, volume depletion, fractures, worsening renal function, hepatobiliary AEs, hypersensitivity, and cardiovascular AEs. Study outcomes The primary outcome measures are 1. Changes from baseline to month 12 in liver and pancreatic fat content. The secondary outcome measures are 1. Change from baseline in body composition variables (body weight, BMI, body fat percentage, visceral adipose tissue, skeletal muscle mass and bone mineral content) at month 12 2. Changes from baseline in liver aminotransferases (AST, ALT and GGT) 3. Changes in efficacy variables (proportion of individuals requiring insulin therapy at months 6 and 12, changes from baseline in HbA1c at months 6 and 12, and the percentage change from baseline in the total daily insulin dose at months 6 and 12). 4. Safety assessment at months 3, 6, 9 and 12 (as described above). Table 2. Safety summary Characteristic >=1 AEs >=1 AEs related to the study drug AE leading to study discontinuation AEs of special interest Genital infection Urinary tract infection Renal impairment Fractures Hypotension/dehydration/hypovolemia Hypersensitivity Cardiovascular events SAEs >=1 SAEs >=1 SAEs related to the study drug SAEs leading to study discontinuation Death
 Metabolic and circulatory effects of oral salbutamol in the third trimester of pregnancy in diabetic and non-diabetic women;  Metabolic and cardiovascular effects of 4 mg oral salbutamol were studied in ten non‐diabetic, ten chemical diabetic and five juvenile diabetic women in late pregnancy. None of the women had been treated with beta‐sympathomimetic drugs earlier in their pregnancy. Heart rate and blood pressure were recorded and blood samples for measurement of plasma cyclic AMP, insulin, C‐peptide, glucose, lactate, glycerol, non‐esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and 3‐hydroxybutyrate (3‐HB) were collected every 30 minutes for 120 minutes after salbutamol. All women underwent the same procedure at random without salbutamol. There were significant cardiovascular effects of salbutamol in all the groups but no differences in these effects between the groups. Salbutamol caused significant increases of glycogenolysis and lipolysis in all the groups, significantly larger in the juvenile diabetic than the non‐diabetic and chemical diabetic women. This observation could be explained by the inability of the juvenile diabetics to secrete insulin, shown by their non‐measureable plasma C‐peptide levels. The metabolic responses following salbutamol in the chemical diabetics were intermediate between the non‐diabetic and juvenile diabetic groups. The results show that diabetes does not alter the sensitivity of beta‐receptors involved in cardiovascular regulation, while the metabolic responses to oral salbutamol are enhanced, especially in juvenile diabetics. We suggest that during treatment with beta‐sympathomimetic drugs, blood glucose should be monitored in all patients showing criteria of potential diabetes.
 Primary Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Women;  Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women. Despite improvements in cardiovascular disease prevention efforts, there remain gaps in cardiovascular disease awareness among women, as well as age and racial disparities in ASCVD outcomes for women. Disparity also exists in the impact the traditional risk factors confer on ASCVD risk between women and men, with smoking and diabetes both resulting in stronger relative risks in women compared to men. Additionally there are risk factors that are unique to women (such as pregnancy‐related factors) or that disproportionately affect women (such as auto‐immune disease) where preventive efforts should be targeted. Risk assessment and management must also be sex‐specific to effectively reduce cardiovascular disease and improve outcomes among women. Evidence supports the use of statin therapy for primary prevention in women at higher ASCVD risk. However, some pause should be given before prescribing aspirin therapy in women without known ASCVD, with most evidence supporting the use of aspirin for women ≥65 years not at increased risk for bleeding. This review article will summarize (1) traditional and non‐traditional assessments of ASCVD risk and (2) lifestyle and pharmacologic therapies for the primary prevention of ASCVD in women.
 A Comparison of Individuals with Diabetes and EMPA-REG Trial Participants: exploring Aspects of External Validity;  Background: There is increasing use of sodium glucose co‐transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors to treat diabetes. Since trials apply specific entry and exclusion criteria to ensure internal validity, comparisons of trial populations with nationally representative samples can inform the applicability of study findings to practice. Objective: To compare individuals with diabetes from a nationally representative sample to patients who underwent randomization in the EMPA‐REG trial. A secondary aim was to characterize what proportion of individuals prescribed an SGLT2 inhibitor in a nationally representative sample would have been included in the EMPA‐REG trial. Design: Retrospective cross‐sectional study. Participants: Adults with diabetes who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) between 2011–2014 (primary analysis corresponding to EMPA‐REG enrollment) and 2015–2018 (secondary analysis corresponding to contemporary sample). Main Measures: The primary outcome was a comparison of demographic (age, sex, ethnicity, and pregnancy status), clinical (comorbidities and medication use), examination (weight, body mass index, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure), and laboratory (hgba1c, low‐ and high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and estimated glomerular filtration rate) characteristics of NHANES respondents versus EMPA‐REG trial participants. The secondary outcome was the proportion of NHANES respondents who had been prescribed an SGLT2 inhibitor that would have met inclusion criteria for the EMPA‐REG trial. Key Results: There were 655 and 48 respondents, representing a weighted sample of 21,849,775 and 1,062,573 individuals, included in the primary and secondary analyses, respectively. Overall, 7.6% (95% CI 4.8–10.6%) of 2011–2014 NHANES respondents would have met all EMPA‐REG trial inclusion criteria. NHANES respondents and EMPA‐REG participants differed across demographic, clinical, examination, and laboratory domains. Of NHANES respondents from 2015 to 2018 who were prescribed an SGLT2 inhibitor, 10.6% (95% CI <1–24.7%) would have met all inclusion criteria for the EMPA‐REG trial. Conclusions: The EMPA‐REG population differed from a nationally representative sample, which could affect generalizability.
 Study the effect of N-Acetyl-Cysteine in the treatment of women with polycystic ovary syndrome;  Introduction: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women and the most common cause of anovulatory infertility, affecting 5‐10% of women in reproductive ages. The effect of insulin resistance (IR) and hyperinsulinemia in pathophysiology and features of PCOS show the importance of study the efficacy of insulin‐lowering drugs in these patients but treatment with insulin sensitizers in women with PCOS lead to elevation in plasma homocysteine (Hcy) levels witch have been implicated as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), deep vein thrombosis, thromboembolism, pre eclampsia and recurrent pregnancy loss. Administration of NAcetyl‐Cysteine (NAC) by inhibiting increased oxidative stress, have been shown to prevent hyperglycemia‐induced IR and reduce plasma Hcy levels. Ultimate goal of this survey is study the effect of NAC in treatment of women with PCOS presenting to the Infertility and Reproductive Health Research Center of Shahid Beheshti University in 1385‐86. and if the effectiveness of NAC in reduction of plasma Hcy levels, improvement of peripheral insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, hormonal level and ovulation be demonstrated this study will have an important role in women's health especially in long‐term because the above agents are risk factors of CVD, diabetes, hypertension, thrombosis and endometrial cancer in patients with PCOS. Materials and Methods: In a prospective double blind clinical trial study, 46 women with PCOS referring to Infertility Research Center will be divided into two groups of intervention (under treatment by 1.8 g/day NAC) and control (with placebo) after matching. Hormonal and biochemical parameters before and at the end of the treatment will be evaluated and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) will be performed. Necessary ratios and indices will be calculated. And during 6 weeks of treatment, ovulation and side effects will be assessed. Finally data will be analyzed statistically.
 Treatment of varicose veins;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group will be undergone the standard RFA procedure and sclerotherapy of the smaller venous territories at the same session. Intervention 2: The control group will be undergone varicose vein radiofrequency ablation in one session and sclerotherapy will be deferred for another session two weeks later. The control group will be undergone varicose vein radiofrequency ablation in one session and sclerotherapy will be deferred for another session two weeks later. The intervention group will be undergone the standard RFA procedure and sclerotherapy of the smaller venous territories at the same session. Treatment ‐ Surgery CONDITION: Varicose veins of lower extremities Varicose veins. ; Varicose veins of lower extremities PRIMARY OUTCOME: Arterial damage in operative site. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Deep vein thrombosis. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam and doppler sonography if needed. Hyperpigmentation at operative site. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Operative site echymosis. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Operative site erythema. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Operative site hematoma. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Operative site infection. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Paresthesia in the operative site. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Postoperative pain. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: with face pain scale. Skin burn in the operative site. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. Superficial vein phlebitis. Timepoint: days 1,3,7,14,28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pulmonary embolism. Timepoint: days 1, 3, 7 and 28 after the operation. Method of measurement: physical exam and imaging studies if needed. Return to work. Timepoint: days after the operation. Method of measurement: questionnare. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 18‐75 years; visible varicose veins in lower limbs; saphenofemoral junction reflux confirmed by doppler sonography. Exclusion criteria: inability to tolerate the supine position; inability to tolerate the procedure under local anaesthesia; uncontrolled local infection; concomitant ischemic symptoms in lower limbs; deep vein thrombosis; diabetes mellitus; use of any anticoagulants; any uncontrolled systemic disease such as terminal cancer patients or connective tissue diseases; lymphedema; pregnancy; history of thrombophilia; veins less than 3 mm or larger than 12 mm; tortuous vein
 Strategy for weight Loss In postpartuM among woMEn with cardiovascular Risk exposure during pregnancy(SLIMMER): a multicenter randomized controlled trial;  INTERVENTION: App push management + Smiglutide intervention group:App based on lifestyle push intervention, combined with smiglutide treatment;App management feedback group:App provides lifestyle intervention and timely feedback;App push management group:App carries out lifestyle push intervention; CONDITION: Postpartum obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: body weight change; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Insulin resistance;Ambulatory blood pressure;serum lipids;body fat percentage;Neonatal growth and development;Women's health‐related quality of life, psychological indicators; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Aged 18‐45 years, not breastfeeding within 1 year after delivery; 2. Body mass inde X(BMI) >= 28 kg/m^2; 3. Those who are diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; 4. Those who are diagnosed with gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia; 5. A person who has a negative pregnancy test and is able to adhere to contraception during the test; 6. Follow‐up conditions, compliance, and voluntary subjects who signed informed consent. Except for one of the conditions that 3 and 4meet, all other conditions must be met at the same time.
 Effect of a clean stove intervention on inflammatory biomarkers in pregnant women in Ibadan, Nigeria: a randomised controlled study;  Background 3 billion people cook, heat, and light their homes using polluting fuels such as biomass and kerosene. Household air pollution is a known risk factor for acute lower respiratory tract infections and non‐communicable diseases including stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and lung cancer. Exposure to household air pollution has been linked to increased presence of systemic inflammatory biomarkers. Here we aimed to assess whether a change from a traditional wood or kerosene biomass stove to use of a bioethanol‐burning stove could reduce the presence of inflammatory biomarkers in pregnant women in Nigeria. Methods Between 2013 and 2015, we recruited pregnant women in Ibadan, Nigeria during their first trimester of pregnancy. Patients were excluded if they cooked for a living, smoked or had a smoker in the household, or had a high‐risk pregnancy (age greater than 35 years, multiple gestation, diabetes, HIV infection, previous Caesarean section, or more than three miscarriages). Participants were randomly allocated to either a control group or the intervention group using permuted blocks and the web‐based randomisation module available in REDCap. Control participants continued to use their own stove, which was either biomass (ie, firewood) or kerosene, while the intervention group received a bioethanol‐burning CleanCook stove. We used ELISA to measure serum concentrations of retinol‐binding protein (RBP), malondialdehyde (MDA), TNF‐α, IL‐6, and IL‐8. Our primary outcome was the change in concentrations of these inflammatory biomarkers between baseline and the third trimester. The trial is registered in ClinTrials.gov (NCT02394574). Findings Between July, 2013, and March, 2015, we enrolled 324 pregnant women (162 to each study group); 18 women were lost to follow up before delivery. Measurements of biomarkers made more than 60 days before randomisation (17 participants) or more than 300 days after randomisation (26 participants) were excluded from amalysis, as were data for 17 other women because of inconsistent dates. Thus data from 246 women were included in analysis. Mean (SD) change in RBP, MDA, TNF‐α, IL‐6, and IL‐8 between baseline and the third trimester was ‐2.16 (4.47), ‐19.6 (46.4), 3.72 (37.2), 0.51 (14.4), and 13.2 (197), respectively, in the intervention group and ‐2.25 (4.30), ‐24.6 (43.6), 7.17 (32.6), ‐1.79, (11.4), and 31.3 (296) in the control group. None of the mean changes differed significantly between the two study groups. However, changes from baseline in TNF‐α levels were significantly different between the intervention and control groups in the subset of women (n=99) who were using firewood before the trial (‐7.03 [32.9] vs +12.4 [33.6]; 95% CI for group difference: ‐35.4 to ‐3.4, p=0.018). Third trimester concentrations of MDA were also significantly lower in initial firewood users allocated to the CleanCook group compared with those in the control group who continued to use firewood (ANCOVA p=0.030). There were no significant favourable differences in the interval change of biomarkers in women who initially used kerosene stoves. Women in the control group were offered CleanCook stoves at the end of the trial. Interpretation The decrease in serum concentrations of TNF‐α from the first to third trimesters in women who used the CleanCook stove could indicate the reduction of cardiovascular stress and prothrombotic effects from decreased amounts of household air pollution. Furthermore, our findings suggest that the replacement of wood‐burning biomass stoves with ethanol‐burning stoves might decrease concentrations of inflammatory markers and, therefore, mitigate cardiovascular and pulmonary disease in pregnant women.
 A review of reproductive outcomes of women with two consecutive miscarriages and no living child;  The definition of recurrent miscarriage ranges from two miscarriages according to the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology, to three consecutive pregnancy losses as defined by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Recent guidelines emphasise the need for further research on the effect of various recurrent miscarriage definitions on diagnosis, treatment and prognosis. Our study examines the management and pregnancy outcomes of nulliparous women attending Cork University Maternity Hospital's Pregnancy Loss Clinic, between 2009 and 2014, with their second consecutive first‐trimester miscarriage. Information was sourced from the Pregnancy Loss Clinic's database, hospital patient management and laboratory systems, and clinical letters. 294 women were identified. A subsequent pregnancy was conceived by 82.3% (242/294) of women, with 72.7% (176/242) achieving a live birth. In conclusion, supportive care and selective medical management in dedicated pregnancy loss and early pregnancy clinics achieve excellent reproductive outcomes. Impact Statement What is already known on this subject? The definition of recurrent miscarriage is varied. It ranges from two miscarriages according to the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology, to three consecutive pregnancy losses as defined by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Recurrent miscarriage affects between 1 and 5% of women. Past studies suggest several causative factors, including epidemiologic, genetic, anatomical and endocrine. These factors may be identified in up to 50% of women with recurrent losses. Subsequent pregnancy outcomes are reported as excellent. However, recent guidelines focus on the need for further research on the effect of the various recurrent miscarriage definitions on diagnosis, investigation, treatment and prognosis. What the results of this study add? This study examined the management and pregnancy outcomes of women with two consecutive losses. A causative factor was identified in 29.3% of women in our cohort. A subsequent pregnancy was conceived by 82.3%, with 72.7% achieving a live birth. We suggest that supportive care is the single most effective therapy for women with two consecutive losses. What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Over‐investigation and empirical treatment should be avoided, with a greater emphasis placed on psychological support and risk factor modification in this group. Investigation protocols must be refined to only search for causes of recurrent miscarriage with evidence based treatment. Evaluation of supportive care in randomised control trials is needed.
 Proceedings of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases International Symposium on epidemiologic issues in urinary incontinence in women;  The Epidemiologic Issues in Urinary Incontinence: Current Databases and Future Collaborations Symposium included an international group of 29 investigators from 10 countries. The purpose of the symposium was to discuss the current understanding and knowledge gaps of prevalence, incidence, associated risk factors, and treatment outcomes for incontinence in women. During the symposium, investigators identified existing large databases and ongoing studies that provide substantive information on specific incontinence research questions. The investigators were able to form an international collaborative research working group and identify potential collaborative projects to further research on the epidemiology of urinary incontinence and bladder dysfunction.
 Furosemide effect on pregnancy hypertension;  INTERVENTION: In case group(Hydralazine) patients received Hydralazine10mg QID(Hydralazin hydrochloride 20 mg/ml; Abureyhan drug factory ) 5 days. In control group (furosemide) patients received 10mg intramuscular furosemide BID for 5 day.(Furosemide20 mg/ml; Abureyhan Drug factory). Intervention 1: In case group(Hydralazine) patients received Hydralazine10mg QID(Hydralazin hydrochloride 20 mg/ml; Abureyhan drug factory ) 5 days. Intervention 2: In control group (furosemide) patients received 10mg intramuscular furosemide BID for 5 day.(Furosemide20 mg/ml; Abureyhan Drug factory). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Sever preeclampsia. ; Severe pre‐eclampsia Severe pre‐eclampsia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hypertension. Timepoint: Q4h. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer(mmgh). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Electrolyte imbalance. Timepoint: Daily. Method of measurement: Laboratory. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Prim gravid patients; Sever preeclampsia Exclusion criteria: Chronic hypertension history; Renal disease; Mellitus diabetes; Smoking; Cardiovascular disease; Twin pregnancy.
 The effect of almond consumption on postprandial metabolic response in high-risk pregnant women;  The prevalence of metabolic disorders during pregnancy has increased concurrently with the rise in maternal obesity. Obese pregnant women are more prone to chronic metabolic diseases, such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease, following pregnancy. Also, their babies are at greater risk for obesity and metabolic disorders later in life. Almonds provide a healthy source of dietary fat and carbohydrates. A number of clinical trials have also shown that almonds reduce oxidative stress and inflammation, and they promote vascular health and glycemic control. A cross‐over, randomized control trial examining the metabolic response to 2 oz of almond consumption versus dairy fat consumption in two standardized, isocaloric, equal macronutrient composition test meals was done in 18 overweight/obese (pre‐pregnancy BMI = 25‐40) women during 30‐36 weeks of gestation. Circulating concentrations of glucose, triglycerides, insulin, glucagon, and GLP‐1 were measured in the fasting state and during a 5‐hour postprandial period. Hormones involved in appetite, glucose and lipid metabolism (leptin, ghrelin, and c‐peptide) were also measured. Replacing cream cheese with almonds in an isocaloric, equivalent fat and carbohydrate meal had a minimal effect on postprandial lipids, glucose, and hormones. This suggests that the positive metabolic effects of almonds in previous feeding studies were likely related to shifts in the energy and macronutrient content of the overall diet in association with consuming almonds as a fiber‐rich, fat source.
 Contribution of maternal diabetes to visceral fat accumulation in offspring;  Background/objectives: Genetic and epidemiological studies provide evidence supporting the contribution of a genetic background of diabetes to the development of obesity and further suggest differences in the metabolic and cardiovascular risks between offspring with a paternal versus maternal family history of diabetes (FHD). The goal of this study was to explore the contribution of a parental FHD to visceral fat area (VFA). Subjects/methods: This study enrolled 1875 subjects with normal glucose tolerance (age range: 20–78 years). VFA was assessed with magnetic resonance imaging. Results: The study population consisted of 1573 subjects without a FHD, 115 subjects with a paternal FHD, and 187 subjects with a maternal FHD. For both genders, VFA was greater in offspring with a maternal FHD compared with those without a FHD (both P < 0.05). For both genders, only VFA was an independent factor associated with a maternal FHD (both P < 0.01). Compared with those without a FHD, men and women with a maternal FHD, but not those with a paternal FHD, were more likely to develop abdominal obesity (both P < 0.05). After adjustment for independent factors related to VFA, VFA was increased by 9.60 cm2 (standardized β = 0.069, P = 0.012) and 4.57 cm2 (standardized β = 0.056, P = 0.007) in men and women with a maternal FHD, respectively. Conclusion: A maternal FHD contributed to visceral fat accumulation independently in both genders. Maternal transmission had a pronounced effect on obesity and related cardiovascular risk factors.
 Empowering Primary Care Providers and Patients to Improve Chronic Disease Outcomes: the EMPOWER Participatory Action Research (EMPOWER - PAR);  HYPOTHESES The primary hypothesis for T2DM patients is that the proportion achieving target HbA1c of <6.5% would improve with the EMPOWER‐PAR intervention. The primary hypothesis for HPT patients without T2DM is that the proportion achieving target BP of <140/90 mmHg would improve with the EMPOWER‐PAR intervention. The secondary hypothesis for T2DM patients is that the proportion achieving target blood pressure (BP) of <130/80 mmHg would improve with the EMPOWER‐PAR intervention. The secondary hypotheses for both groups of patients (T2DM and HPT without T2DM) are that the proportions achieving target fasting serum lipid, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) would improve with the intervention. Medication adherence levels and patients' perceptions of their experience in receiving chronic disease care are also expected to improve with the intervention. Secondary hypotheses are also made at the primary care providers' level in terms of the process of care and prescribing pattern which are expected to improve with the intervention. Cost‐effectiveness analysis and primary care providers' perception, attitude, experience and perceived barriers in implementing the intervention are also explored. METHODS ‐ Pragmatic cluster‐randomised parallel controlled trial ‐participatory action research conducted in 10 public primary care clinics from two states in Malaysia which are Wilayah Persekutuan Kuala Lumpur (WPKL) and Selangor (SEL). ‐ The overall duration of the study is 2 years while the duration of intervention is 1 year. ‐ Blinding is not possible due to the nature and complexity of the intervention. Site Recruitment Site eligibility All 34 clinics led by Family Medicine Specialists (FMS) in SEL and WPKL are invited to participate in the study and are given the site feasibility assessment form. To be eligible, the clinics must satisfy all of the following criteria: i. have a minimum of 500 T2DM patients and 500 HPT patients in the registry. ii. have an FMS who is keen to participate in the study and is willing to lead the implementation of the intervention components in the clinic. iii. Have the minimum capacity to implement the obligatory components of the EMPOWER‐PAR intervention. iv. located within 70 km from the central laboratory as the blood samples are transported back to the centre for analysis. Site selection Site feasibility assessment is conducted to identify eligible clinics. Out of the 34 sites, only 20 fulfil the eligibility criteria to enter the study. These 20 clinics are then matched into 10 pairs according to their geographical locations, staffing and workload. Geographical location is divided into urban and sub‐urban areas. Urban area is defined as an area located within a major city, while sub‐urban area is defined as an area located surrounding and within commuting distance to a major city. Staffing is defined as the number of doctors and allied health personnel (FMS, medical officers, assistant medical officers, staff nurses, dieticians/nutritionists and pharmacists) working in the clinic. Workload is defined as the average number of patients being seen in the clinic per day. Patient Recruitment Inclusion criteria Males and females aged ≥ 18 years who are diagnosed with: 1. T2DM or HPT or both 2. Seen at least once in the last one year at the primary care clinic for the above conditions Exclusion criteria 1. Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus 2. Receiving renal dialysis 3. Presenting with severe HPT (Systolic BP >180mmHg and/or Diastolic BP >110 mmHg) 4. Diagnosed with conditions resulting in secondary hypertension 5. Diagnosed to have circulatory disorders needing referral to secondary care over the last 1 year e.g. unstable angina, heart attack, stroke, transient ischaemic attacks Multistage randomisation is performed using computer generated tables. The first stage is to randomly select 5 out of the 10 pairs to be included into the study. The second stage is to randomly allocate the clinics into intervention and control arms. This study recruits consecutive T2DM and/or HPT patients who attend the selected clinic within the 2‐week recruitment period. They are given the patient information sheet in the waiting area. Informed consents are obtained from those who are willing to participate. Screening is conducted to identify eligible participants based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Eligible patients are then enrolled into the study. 6. Receiving shared care between primary and secondary care for complications of T2DM and/or HPT 7. Pregnancy 8. Enrolled in another study All patients in the intervention arm are required to be seen at least twice by the CDM team of each clinic during the 1‐year intervention period. Those who do not comply are considered as lost to follow‐up. There is no limit to the number of clinic visits a patient is allowed to make in either arm during the course of the study. The EMPOWER‐PAR INTERVENTION The study intervention, referred to as the EMPOWER‐PAR Intervention, is developed in accordance with the Medical Research Council (MRC) guidance on developing and evaluating complex interventions to improve health outcomes and is implemented at the primary care clinics for a period of 1‐year. The underlying framework in developing the complex intervention for EMPOWER‐PAR is based on 6 interrelated elements of the CCM. The 6 elements are 1) organisation of health care (i.e. providing leadership and minimising barriers to care), 2) self‐management support (i.e. facilitating skills‐based learning and patient empowerment), 3) decision support (i.e. providing guidance for implementing evidence‐based care), 4) delivery system design (i.e. coordinating care processes), 5) clinical information systems (i.e. tracking progress through reporting outcomes to patients and providers), and 6) community resources and policies (i.e. sustaining care by using community‐based resources). Three obligatory components which define the EMPOWER‐PAR intervention are developed based on 4 interrelated elements of CCM (organisation of health care, delivery system design, self‐management support and decision support). These intervention components utilise readily available and existing resources in the Malaysian public primary care setting. I. Creating/Strengthening a CDM Team‐a multidisciplinary team lead by FMS to improve coordination of care for T2DM and/or HPT and co‐existing CV risk factors II. Utilising the Global CV Risks Self‐Management Booklet to support patients self‐management III. Utilising the Clinical Practice Guidelines (CPG) for T2DM and HPT to aid management and prescribing Two optional components of the EMPOWER‐PAR intervention are developed based on the other 2 CCM elements (clinical information system and community resources): I. Utilising clinical information system and conducting clinical audits to track progress through reporting outcomes to patients and providers II. Utilising community resources to support and sustain care SAMPLE SIZE CALCULATIONS The sample size calculation was conducted based on the randomised clustered trial design using PASS software (Copyright (c) 2009 by Dr Jerry L. Hintze, All Rights Reserved). Sample size calculation for T2DM patients A sample size of 626 (313 in each arm) is obtained by sampling 10 clusters (5 intervention vs 5 control) with 63 subjects from each cluster to achieve 91% power to detect 25% difference in the proportion of subjects achieving target HbA1c <6.5% from baseline and between the intervention and control groups. The test statistic used is the two‐sided Z test (unpooled). The significance level of the test is 0.05. Therefore, after allowing for 25% dropout rate, this study aims to recruit a total sample of 836 T2DM patients at baseline i.e. 418 in each arm and 84 from each clinic. Sample size calculation for HPT patients without T2DM A sample size of 438 (219 in each arm) is obtained by sampling 10 clusters (5 intervention vs 5 control) with 44 subjects from each cluster to achieve 88% power to detect 25% difference in the proportion of subjects achieving target BP <140/90 mmHg from baseline and between the intervention and control groups. The test statistic used is the two‐sided Z test (unpooled). The significance level of the test is 0.05. Therefore, after allowing for 25% dropout rate, this study aims to recruit a total sample of 584 HPT patients at baseline i.e. 292 in each arm and 58 from each clinic. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS The statistical analysis plan to test the primary hypotheses of the study is described. Continuous variables will be described by summary statistics (means and standard deviations) for normally distributed variables. If the distribution is not normal, median with inter‐quartile range will be reported instead. Other descriptive statistics, such as minimum and maximum values will be reported when necessary. Categorical (nominal/ordinal) variables will be described by frequencies with percentages. All outcomes are treated as categorical variables (e.g. proportions of patients achieving targets for HbA1c and BP). To assess the differences in the proportions of patients who are able to reach the treatment goals by their intervention strategy, a generalized estimation equation model that adjusts for clustering effects will be used. The model will be an independent working model. Treatment effects will be obtained using the estimated marginal means and differences will be tested using the Wald chi‐square tests. The power of the study will be recalculated based on the effect size and after taking into account the clustering effect of the study design. An intention‐to‐treat analysis will be conducted, and P‐values of less than 0.05 will be considered significant. All analyses will be carried out using SPSS (IBM Corp. Released 2011 IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 20.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.). ETHICAL CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSION The EMPOWER‐PAR is the first pragmatic, randomised controlled trial of multifaceted chronic disease management strategies being conducted in the Malaysian public primary care setting. It is expected to yield important new evidence on the improvements of T2DM and HPT clinical outcomes, the two most prevalent chronic diseases being managed in the public primary care sector. Ultimately, results from this study will provide objective evidence of the effectiveness and cost‐effectiveness of a multifaceted intervention based on the CCM in a resource‐constrained public primary care setting. If proven effective, the results may be generalisable to other Malaysian public primary clinics which share the same characteristics and would probably be inexpensive to replicate. It is hoped that the objective evidence from EMPOWER‐PAR would provide a platform to instigate the much needed primary health care system change in Malaysia. The Ethics Committee of UiTM and Medical Research Ethics Committee (MREC) of the Ministry of Health (MOH) approves the study protocol. Permission from the Family Health Development Division (FHDD) of the MOH and the respective Health District Offices are also obtained prior to the conduct of the study. The study is conducted in accordance to the Declaration of Helsinki and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) requirements. Patient information sheet are given and informed consent are obtained from all participants prior to their study enrolment. For participants who are unable to read, the content of the consent form is read aloud to them and a copy of the patient information sheet is given to their next of kin with additional explanation given if needed. Confidentiality of personal information is ensured at all times. Subject enrolment is done by the investigators and not their attending doctors to reduce subject's vulnerability to participate in the study. Subjects are informed of any immediate results obtained from the study that may affect their care or health.
 A One-year Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating the Impact of Pioglitazone Versus Linagliptin on Bone Turnover Markers;  Diabetes mellitus is a common disease with much impact on human's health and is related to osteoporosis. But the mechanism remains unclear. The foreign researches revealed thiazolidinedione (TZD) would increase the risk of osteoporosis and bone fracture, especially elderly women. However, it is still controversial in terms of the youth and men. In Taiwan, there is few related study to analyze the relationship between TZD and osteoporosis. This is a multicenter randomized controlled study.This study will recruit adult (age ³40 years) type 2 diabetes patients who is on metformin (³1500mg/day) currently with recent HbA1c between 7.0 8.5%.Patient who has history of macular edema, congestive heart failure (NYHA Fc III, IV), chronic renal failure (stage IV, V), AST or ALT above 2.5 times upper limit, Medical history of endocrinopathies, osteoporosis with bone fracture, cancer will be excluded. Current bone fracture undergoing treatment, pregnancy, breast feeder will also be excluded. This is a 3‐year project and will enroll 160 eligible volunteers who are to randomized into group A and B (80 in each). During the next 48 weeks group A and B will receive metformin+pioglitazone and metformin+linagliptin respectively. Blood sugar, renal, and liver functions will be examined every 12 weeks. Calcium, phosphorus, vitamin D level, and bone turnover markers (N‐terminal propeptide of type 1 procollagen, bone‐specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, serum C‐ telopeptide, type 5 tartrate resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP), pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline crosslinks) will be checked each 6 months. All the blood samples will be sent to one core laboratory center. The within‐group differences will be examined by repeated‐measure ANOVA. The between‐group differences will be examined by Student's t test.
 Worksite Nutrition Study;  Approximately 65 percent of Americans are overweight or obese. They are at increased risk for diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, arthritis, respiratory disorders, pregnancy complications, and premature death. Research has demonstrated that weight status is associated with certain types of malignancies, including endometrial, colon, gall bladder, prostate, kidney, and postmenopausal breast cancer. The total direct and indirect costs attributed to overweight and obesity amounted to 117 billion U.S. dollars in 2000. The 22‐week Worksite Nutrition Study will (1) test whether a worksite intervention, which prescribes a low‐fat vegan diet, is effective in promoting clinically significant weight loss, (2) evaluate whether the intervention reduces cardiovascular risk, particularly blood pressure and lipid concentrations, (3) assess whether the intervention improves glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes, and (4) examine how the intervention affects work impairment and absenteeism. Participants (Group 1, n=60) at a specified worksite will be assigned to the diet intervention program, which prescribes a low‐fat, vegan diet. A control group (Group 2, n=60) will be designated at a separate worksite. The participants in the control group will not receive an active intervention during the designated study period. Participants in the active intervention will attend weekly group meetings for nutrition education on the intervention diet. Diets will be assessed, in order to monitor adherence and for the purposes of comparison, in the intervention and control groups at baseline and at weeks 11 and 22 using a 3‐day dietary record. Dependent measures, including body weight, blood pressure, lipid concentrations, quality‐of‐life measures, and A1c (for those with diabetes) will be assessed in the intervention and control groups at weeks 0, 11, and 22.
 Targeting Beta-cell Failure in Lean Patients With Type 2 Diabetes;  This is a single centre, open‐label, randomized, cross‐over study. Participants will attend 4 visits in total over the course of approximately 40 weeks. Two cohorts of patients will be recruited: 28 lean‐T2D patients and 28 obese‐T2D patients. Potential participants will be invited to the research centre for a screening/ baseline visit (Visit 1). At this visit, the participants will be given the Participant Information Sheet (PIS) to read through, and given the opportunity to ask questions. If they are interested in participating, their consent will be taken in written form. Each participant will then have a series of non‐invasive tests. At this baseline visit, the following assessments will be done: ‐ Review of medical history and concomitant medications; ‐ Review of history of diabetes and complications; ‐ Review of inclusion/exclusion criteria; ‐ Collection of demographic data; ‐ Vital signs; ‐ Physical examination; ‐ Height and weight; ‐ Blood pressure; ‐ Urine pregnancy test in women of childbearing potential; ‐ Venepuncture (fasting sample): 20mls; ‐ Multiparametric MRI; ‐ EndoPAT testing; ‐ 6 minute walk test; ‐ 12‐lead ECG; ‐ Randomization; ‐ Dispense study medication and issue patient diary; and ‐ Urine sample collection. At this visit, participants will be randomized to receive either liraglutide or pioglitazone first. Participants that are already taking certain classes of glucose‐lowering medications may be excluded from the study (see exclusion criteria for more detail). Participants will continue to take their previously prescribed medications throughout the study. After 16 weeks of treatment (Visit 2), participants will return to the research centre and have the following assessments: ‐ Vital signs; ‐ Physical examination; ‐ Blood pressure; ‐ Weight; ‐ Venepuncture (fasting sample): 20mls; ‐ 12‐lead ECG; ‐ Multiparametric MRI; ‐ EndoPAT testing; ‐ 6 minute walk test; ‐ Check current medication list and patient clinical status; ‐ Check study medication compliance (diary review); and ‐ Urine sample collection. Participants will then have an 8 week washout period, in which they will take no study drug. After these 8 weeks, they will return to the research centre (Visit 3) and have the same assessments as listed above for Visit 2. They will start taking the second study drug for 16 weeks. After 16 weeks, participants will attend the research centre for a final time (Visit 4) and have the same assessments as listed above for Visit 2. Multiparametric MRI assessments will consists of 2 parts: Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (MRS): The relative concentration of phosphocreatine to ATP (PCr/ATP) by 31P‐MRS and cardiac and hepatic triglyceride content by 1H‐MRS. Collected blood will be tested for triglycerides, alanine aminotransferase, haemoglobin, haematocrit, creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate, N‐terminal pro‐B‐type natriuretic peptide, insulin, free fatty acids, adiponectin, glucose and lipid profiles, glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies, and Zinc transporter 8 antibodies. Urine will be spot‐tested for albumin/ creatinine ratio. Previous clinical studies have found an association between diabetes and impaired function of the endothelium of blood vessels. The EndoPAT 2000 is a machine that measures endothelium function via 2 thimble‐sized sensors placed on the index fingers. This is a safe and non‐invasive way of testing the condition of the participant's blood vessels, and testing takes about 5 minutes. The 6 minute walk test is an exercise test that requires patients to walk along a long flat corridor for 6 minutes to see how far they can walk at their own pace. Liraglutide will be administered at 0.6mg once daily to start, then titrated up to 1.2mg after 2 weeks if the participant's glucose levels permit. Participants will be trained how to administer the injection themselves. Glucose assessments will be done after 2 weeks of treatment with Liraglutide. Pioglitazone is taken orally. Participants will be started on 15mg once daily; this will be titrated up to 30mg after 2 weeks then to 45mg after another 2 weeks if glucose levels permit. Glucose assessments will be done 2 weeks after starting treatment, then 4 weeks after starting treatment. Participants will be told to continue their usual schedule of glucose monitoring at home while on the study drugs (no additional monitoring at home will be necessary). Participants will be given diaries to complete while they are on both drugs.
 Efficacy of propranolol to reduce cesarean in prolonged labor: a double-blind multi-site placebo-controlled randomized trial;  Objective: Biologic plausibility and prior small studies suggest that propranolol may decrease the likelihood of cesarean delivery (CD) among patients with prolonged labor, but prior trials have been heterogenous and conflicting. This trial compared CD rates in patients with prolonged labor randomized to IV propranolol vs. placebo Study Design: We conducted a double‐blind placebo‐controlled randomized trial at two hospitals in a large academic health system. Eligible patients were ≥36 weeks with a singleton gestation and prolonged labor, defined as ruptured membranes and receiving oxytocin with 1) dilation < 6 cm after ≥8 hours or 2) dilation ≥6 cm and < 1 cm change over ≥2 hours. Patients with severe preeclampsia, maternal heart rate < 70 bpm, asthma, diabetes on insulin, or a cardiac contraindication to β blockade were excluded. The primary outcome of CD risk was compared between patients randomized to propranolol (2mg IV) vs. placebo (2mL normal saline IV). Secondary outcomes included labor length and maternal and neonatal morbidity. A total sample size of 328 was required to see a 15% absolute reduction in CD with a baseline rate of 45% and 80% power; however, the trial was stopped for futility during an interim analysis Results: From July 2020‐June 2022, 349 patients were eligible and approached; 164 were enrolled and randomized: 84 propranolol; 80 placebo. There were no differences in demographics between groups (Table 1). 60% of the population was Black, 84% were nulliparous and the median BMI was 29.2 kg/m2. The risk of CD was not different between groups (57% propranolol vs. 57% placebo, p=1.0). There was a higher risk of maternal morbidity comparing propranolol to placebo (12% vs. 6%, p=0.21), driven mostly by blood transfusion (10% vs. 2%, p=0.099), although this was not statistically significant Conclusion: In this multi‐site, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled randomized trial, propranolol was not effective in reducing the risk of CD compared to placebo in patients with prolonged labor. This medication confers no benefit for the management of prolonged labor and may be associated with potential risk. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 Effect of Calcium Polycarbophil on Type II Diabetes Mellitus Control: a Randomized Double-blind Study;  There have been several publications in the medical literature linking the use of various types of fiber and the beneficial effects on lipid panel, glycosylated hemoglobin A1c, weight, blood pressure, and cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus or those at risk for diabetes1‐5. Most of these studies utilize fiber sources from dietary food intake or psyllium. However, diet modification and psyllium intake are difficult for patients to comply on daily basis and many patients do not continue to follow through on these interventions. Polycarbophil is a bulk forming agent which is used for similar indications as psyllium for the treatment of constipation and irritable bowel syndrome. Because polycarbophil comes in oral tablets and capsules, patients may adhere to regular intake better compared to psyllium. However, it is unknown whether polycarbophil has similar beneficial properties compared to psyllium and other fiber types. Taking polycarbophil prior to each meal may improve diabetes control by allowing patients to have smaller meals and decrease the absorption rate of carbohydrates in the intestine. The goal of this study is to determine whether taking calcium polycarbophil (also known as over‐the‐counter FiberconTM) regularly will improve the diabetes control. The proposed study will be a randomized, controlled, and double‐blinded trial involving adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A total of 50 patients will be randomized to receive either calcium polycarbophil or placebo from the Family Medicine Center at East Carolina University and followed over 6 months. The primary outcome of the trial will be glycosylated hemoglobin A1c. Secondary outcome measures will include weight, blood pressure, and cholesterol level. Additional secondary outcome measures are the number and dosages of medications for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. The potential benefits of this study include improved control of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia, reflected by the improved outcomes mentioned above. Because calcium polycarbophil (FiberconTM) is a commonly used over‐the‐counter fiber product for constipation, and the dosage used in this study is well within the typical use recommended by the manufacturers, the potential adverse effects of this product is thought to be identical to that described for FiberconTM. Patients will receive their usual medical care by their own primary physicians regardless of their participation in this study. After the randomization to the intervention or the control group, the study team will only monitor the outcome measures and will not alter the medical care that the patients receive. Study title: Effects of calcium polycarbophil on type II diabetes mellitus control: a randomized double‐blinded study. Patient population: East Carolina University Family Medicine Center (ECU FMC) outpatient clinic patients Age above 18 Diagnosed with type II diabetes mellitus (DM) for at least 24 months. At least 4 office visits within the past 24 months for DM follow up at ECU FMC or Geriatrics Center. Hgb A1c within the past six months of 8% to 10%. Exclusion criteria: Dementia diagnosis or other psychiatric diagnoses that preclude the patient from being able to consent for this study by him/herself. Consent: Will be obtained from the patients for the study and HIPAA. Study design: Randomize 50 patients to intervention or placebo: Intervention: 25 patients to receive calcium polycarbophil 625mg po TID before each meal with 8 oz glass of water for 6 months. Placebo control: 25 patients to receive placebo po TID before each meal with 8 oz glass of water for 6 months. Total of 50 participants projected from the following power calculation: Already taking fiber supplementation (polycarbophil, psyllium, methylcellulose) Severe problems with previous use of fiber supplementation (i.e. fecal impaction) Dysphagia or other swallowing disorders (unable to swallow pills or 8 oz of water) Pregnancy during the study period Assuming a difference between groups in HbA1c of 0.5%, a standard deviation of 0.5, a power of 80% and an alpha of 0.05, an estimated 18 patients in each group (n = 36 pts) will be needed to detect a difference. Assuming a 25% dropout rate, the goal of 25 patients in each group (n=50 pts) will be needed. Patients, primary physicians, and the researchers will be blinded to therapy versus placebo. Randomization will be performed by the ECU FM pharmacist who will open a sealed envelope which will indicate whether the patient will receive the interventional medication or placebo. The tablets will be dispensed by the pharmacist without informing the patient, physicians, or research team member as to which group the patient was randomized. All patient will continue with their usual DM care. The patients must follow up at 3 months and 6 months. A research team member will perform telephone follow up at 1 week, 1 month, and 3 months for adverse events and compliance. The outcomes will be analyzed by intention to treat analysis and analysis using patients who are compliant with the trial protocol. Primary outcome: HgbA1c at the time of enrollment, 3 months, and 6 months. Secondary outcome: Data will be gathered at the time of enrollment, 3 months, and 6 months: Weight Blood Pressure Number and dosage of medications for diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia Serum LDL, HDL, triglycerides, total cholesterol Patient compliance with the study medication Adverse events including GI discomfort, constipation, excessive flatulence, fecal impaction, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, hypoglycemia, etc. Potential adverse events: Side effects of Polycarbophil (MicroMedex 2.0): Abdominal fullness, flatus, vomiting, stomach cramps. Systemic adverse effects are not expected since calcium polycarbophil is not absorbed
 Difference of Basal Insulin Titration Method in Reducing HbA1c Among Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Patients;  Hypothesis Daily basal insulin titration reduces HbA1c more significantly compared with 3 daily basal insulin titration among T2DM patients. Aims Primary Aim : To evaluate the difference of daily basal insulin titration method and 3‐daily basal insulin titration method in reducing HbA1c among T2DM patients Secondary Aim : To evaluate the percentage of T2DM patients achieving fasting blood sugar within 4.4‐7mmol/L and/or HbA1c below 7% within the study period, frequency of hypoglycemia, total daily basal insulin dosage needed to achieve fasting capillary blood glucose 4.4‐7mmol/L, duration taken to achieve optimal fasting capillary blood glucose 4.4‐7mmol/L, weight changes and satisfaction to the titration therapy between the daily basal insulin and 3‐daily basal insulin titration method. Background and Clinical Significance Background Diabetes Mellitus is a worrying non communicable disease both locally and globally. Malaysia Nasional Heath and Morbidity Survey 2019 (NHMS 2019) reported the prevalence of diabetes mellitus was 18.3%, an increase from year 2011 (11.2%) and year 2015 (13.4%). With the prevalence of nearing 1 in 5 adult Malaysian suffering from diabetes mellitus, a good control of the disease is the ultimate way to prevent diabetes related complications from occurring, namely stroke, heart attack and kidney failure. Insulin is one of the most widely used injectable diabetic medications that is suitable to be incorporated with a wide range of antidiabetic medications such as oral antidiabetic drugs (OAD) and GLP‐1 receptor agonists (GLP‐1 RA). Insulin therapy should be considered in T2DM patients that have inadequate glycemic control (HbA1c >7.5% with Fasting capillary blood glucose (CBG) >8 mmol/L) on optimal OADs and it should also be used as an initial therapy in newly diagnosed T2DM patients who are symptomatic (osmotic symptoms), Hba1c >10% or fasting plasma glucose >13mmol/L. The enormous diabetic patients in Malaysia, largely managed in governmental clinic/ hospital setting pose the technical difficulty for clinicians to review them at regular basis. An average duration of a face‐to‐face consultation at an outpatient setting is scheduled at 3 monthly to 6 monthly intervals. This makes it a technical difficulty for insulin users to titrate their medications if they are purely managed by clinicians. Patient‐lead basal insulin titration has been proven to be more effective than clinician‐driven insulin titration to achieve the HbA1c target. It is also proven that outpatient patient‐lead basal insulin titration is easy to achieve targeted HbA1c compared with clinician‐driven OADs titration. Local Malaysia CPG guideline suggested weekly basal insulin titration to achieve glycemic target.2 Where else American Diabetes Association 2019 advocate adjustment of basal insulin by 2‐4 units once or twice a week to achieve the desired fasting blood sugar level.6 In the context of Canadian 2018 Diabetes CPG, they suggest 1 unit daily adjustment of basal insulin to achieve targeted fasting blood sugar level.7 Various studies using different patient‐lead basal insulin titration regimen ranging from 1 unit per day to 2‐3 units every 3 days have proven to be efficacious and safe in achieving HbA1c target among the T2DM patients. Clinical Significance This study hopes to achieve a best outpatient patient‐lead basal insulin titration whether daily 1 unit titration or 3 daily 2 units titration is better in achieving the targeted HbA1c. This will also enable us to evaluate which titration regimen is safer and easier to adhere among T2DM patients who require basal insulin commencement. Study Design This study is designed as a parallel group randomized controlled trial with 12 weeks of intervention and follow up. The total duration of participation is 12 weeks. Participants Adult T2DM patients Inclusion Criteria 1. Adults aged 18 years and above 2. HbA1c >7.5% and Fasting blood sugar > 8mmol/L 3. Newly diagnosed T2DM with osmotic symptoms or HbA1c >10% or FPG >13mmol/L 4. Insulin naïve patients 5. Patients planned for insulin initiation 6. Ability to give informed consent 7. Ability to perform self‐monitoring blood glucose Exclusion Criteria 1. Diabetes other than type 2 diabetes mellitus 2. Diabetes in pregnancy 3. Diabetes with chronic kidney disease stage 3,4 and 5 (eGFR <60ml/min/1.73m2) 4. Patient with history of severe hypoglycemia 5. Active proliferative diabetic retinopathy 6. Any medical condition that may influence HbA1c measurements (e.g., thalassemia, sickle cell anemia) 7. Treatment with systemic corticosteroid Intervention Basal insulin daily titration arm Participants in this intervention arm will be started with basal insulin of 10 units or 0.2 unit/kg (whichever lower) at pre‐bed time. They will then check their morning fasting CBG the following day. If they have no hypoglycemia symptoms or documented hypoglycemic CBG (<3.9mmol/L), and their fasting CBG is more than 7mmol/L, they will then self‐titrate their basal insulin by 1 unit (ie 10+1) the following night. This same process is going to be repeated until their fasting CBG achieve 7mmol/L or lower. Then, they will continue and maintain on the desired basal insulin dosage till their appointment. The maximum basal insulin that is allowed to be titrated by the participants is up to 0.5unit/kg. Participants are required to document down their CBG and any hypoglycemia symptoms in a simple table method provided to them. At any instance if their morning fasting CBG is higher than 14mmol/L, phone consultation can be made to the investigator and further titration of medication or further plans will be instructed by the investigator. If their overnight CBG is <3.9mmol/L, participants are instructed to reduce their basal insulin by 10‐20%. Participants are able to contact the investigator if they experience hypoglycemic symptoms if they are unsure of the subsequent steps. A clear hypoglycemia action plan will be provided to all participants. Basal insulin 3‐daily titration arm Participants in this intervention arm will be started with basal insulin of 10 units or 0.2 unit/kg (whichever lower) at pre‐bed time. They will then check their morning fasting CBG the following 3 days. If they have no hypoglycemia symptoms or documented hypoglycemic CBG (<3.9mmol/L), and their fasting CBG is more than 7mmol/L (for 2 out of 3 days), they will then self‐titrate their basal insulin by 2 units (ie 10+2) on the 3rd night. This same process is going to be repeated until their fasting CBG achieved 7mmol/L or lower. Then, they will continue and maintain on the desired basal insulin dosage till their appointment. The maximum basal insulin that is allowed to be titrated by the participants is up to 0.5unit/kg. Participants are required to document down their CBG and any hypoglycemia symptoms in a simple table method provided to them. At any instance if their morning CBG is higher than 14mmol/L, phone consultation can be made to the investigator and further titration of medication or further plans will be instructed by the investigator. If their overnight CBG is <3.9mmol/L, participants are instructed to reduce their basal insulin by 10‐20%. Participants are able to contact the investigator if they experience hypoglycemic symptoms if they are unsure of the subsequent steps. A clear hypoglycemia action plan will be provided to all participants. Hypoglycemia, Classification and Action Plans Hypoglycemia is defined by either ‐ CBG <3.9mmol/L ‐ Presence of autonomic or neuroglycopenic symptoms ‐ Reversed by carbohydrate (CHO) intake Classification Level 1 ‐ CBG 3‐3.9mmol/L Level 2 ‐ CBG <3mmol/L Level 3 ‐ Hypoglycemia requires assistance from another person for recovery Action Plans Level 1 & 2 ‐ consume 15g of CHO (eg: 1 tablespoon of honey, 150‐200ml of fruit juice or soft drink or 3 teaspoons of table sugar dissolve in water) ‐ repeat CBG within 15 minutes ‐ if CBG is still < 3.9mmol/L, consume another 15g of CHO (to be repeated until CBG>3.9mmol/L) ‐ if CBG is >3.9mmol/L, to reduce basal insulin by 10‐20% Level 3 ‐ if patient is still conscious, follow steps for Level 1 & 2 ‐ if patient is unconscious, to rush to emergency department Outcomes measures 1. Primary Outcome a. To compare the HbA1c reduction of the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐daily basal insulin titration arm 2. Secondary Outcome 1. To compare the percentage of patient achieving fasting blood glucose within 4.4‐7mmol/L and/or HbA1c below 7% between the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐daily basal insulin titration arm within the study period 2. To compare the frequency of hypoglycemia between the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐ daily basal insulin titration arm 3. To compare the total basal insulin dosage required to achieve normal fasting CBG 4.4‐7.0mmol/L between the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐daily basal insulin titration arm 4. To compare the duration taken to achieve normal fasting CBG 4.4‐7.0mmol/L between the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐daily basal insulin titration arm 5. To compare the satisfaction to the titration method between the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐daily basal insulin titration arm 6. To compare with weight changed between the daily basal insulin titration arm with the 3‐daily basal insulin titration arm Study Protocol Week 0 Upon enrolment, demographic data will be collected. Fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c records will be collected. Both intervention groups will receive glucometer devices and strips; they will be advised to record their CBG readings and the hypoglycemic symptoms on the tables given. Week 4 and Week 8 Teleconsultation will be made by the investigator to ensure the optimal dosages of basal insulins are commenced. Any doubts and difficulties along the titration will be answered during the teleconsultations. Week 12 Face‐to‐face consultation will be made. Blood taking will be collected for HbA1c and FPG during the visit. Handling of the recorded glucose‐reading table will be done. A simple questionnaire regarding satisfaction of the titration regimen will be carried out. Participants will be discharged back to their previous physician care. Data analysis and interpretation Patients' demographic and clinical characteristics at baseline will be compared between the intervention arm 1 and intervention arm 2. Continuous data will be summarized as means (±standard deviation) and categorical data will be summarized as frequencies (%). Depending on the normality distribution, continuous outcomes will be compared between those in the arm 1 and arm 2 groups using a two‐sample t‐test or Mann‐Whitney U test while categorical outcomes will be compared using the Fisher's exact test or Chi‐square test. The treatment effect will be expressed as relative risk (95% CI). A p value of <0.05 will be considered significant. 5. Sample Size Calculation Anticipating 10% dropout from each group, A total of (32+32) X 1.1 = 70 subjects will be recruited in the study Mean HbA1c for 3 daily basal insulin adjustment is 7.8% [AT.LANTUS] Mean HbA1c for daily basal insulin adjustment is 6.96% [Canadian INSIGHT]
 The Impact of a Predictive Hypoglycaemia Alert Function in Physical Activity for People With T1DM;  CLINIC VISIT 1: Screening Following informed consent study participants will give a full medical and medication history. Venous blood tests will be taken to assess HbA1c and renal function. C‐peptide will be measured in participants who have not had previous tests to confirm T1DM diagnosis.. Women of childbearing age will have a urine pregnancy test. An ECG will be performed in participants with longstanding Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (>10 years) or participants who are >40 years old. CLINIC VISIT 2: Run‐in If participants meet the inclusion criteria they will be enrolled on to the study, within a month of screening and at a time that is convenient to them. For the 10 days of the run‐in period, participants CGM will be blinded, meaning that they will be wearing the CGM sensor but will not see any of the glucose data. They will wear a sensor which will be attached to a transmitter which will send data to a Dexcom receiver. The receiver must be kept within 6 meters of the transmitter most of the time as the transmitter can only store three hours of data. After the run in they will be able to use the Smartphone app instead of carrying the receiver if they wish. They will be taught to insert the sensor at the run‐in visit, and provided with spares in case of sensor failure. Participants will be instructed to test their capillary blood glucose levels and self‐manage their type 1 diabetes as normal during the run‐in period. The run in phase will last 10 days. Data on food intake, and insulin usage will be collected for the full duration of the study using a smart phone app (mySugr) in those treated with insulin injections, or using the built‐in system in the pumps of those using insulin pump therapy. Both the app and the insulin pumps allow participants to input their own insulin doses, or use the bolus calculator which uses the participant's individual insulin:carbohydrate ratio to help calculate insulin doses based on the carbohydrate intake. There will be no change in participants' insulin dosing, and participants will make all their insulin dosing decisions themselves, based on their pre‐study insulin:carbohydrate ratios. The advantage of using the app or bolus advisor is that the tracking of the insulin action (which lasts for 3‐5 hours) allows participants to see how much insulin is still active. This is important when the CGM is unblinded as it can prevent participants giving additional insulin unnecessarily when they see their blood glucose levels on the CGM. Those using insulin injections will be provided with a smart insulin pen, a device similar to the participants' usual insulin delivery device use, but with a memory capable of storing dosing data until the end of the study (Inpen, produced by Companion Medical). A structured education refresher focusing on carbohydrate counting, hypoglycaemia avoidance, recognition, and management, insulin action and the theory and practicalities of CGM will be provided. All education will be delivered by the research dietitian with a checklist of topics that are provided as part of routine care. Participants will wear a GPS‐enabled sports watch with built‐in heart rate monitor (Garmin Forerunner 935) for the entire duration of the study. Participants will be asked to download the Garmin Connect App for data from the Garmin watch to be transmitted to the app via Bluetooth. They will be provided with anonymised log in details for the app and a charger for the watch. Volunteers will be asked to record their activity type and perceived physical exertion after every session of exercise. CLINIC VISIT 3: Randomisation Each study period will last 40 days. CLINIC VISIT 4: Cross‐over VISIT 5: End of study HbA1c will be rechecked at this point via venous blood tests. Weight and body composition measurements will also be repeated. Quality of life data will be collected by mixed quantitative and qualitative methodologies. Validated questionnaires (HFS‐II, Gold, RPAQ, DDS17) will be used to assess fear of hypoglycaemia, hypoglycaemia awareness, recent physical activity and diabetes distress. The investigator will undertake a short interview about the participants perceptions and experience of CGM. Ten days after visit 2, participants will attend the research clinic for the randomisation appointment. The CGM, Garmin data and insulin bolus data (from mysugr or insulin pump) will be downloaded. Participants will have their weight and body composition measured using electrical impedance scales. Participants will start using their CGM unblinded, so that they are able to view their glucose levels either on the receiver or on the Dexcom app on their smartphones, depending on choice. Participants will be randomised to real‐time continuous glucose monitoring with Predictive Hypoglycaemia Alert Algorithm enabled (ON group) or real‐time continuous glucose monitoring with Predictive Hypoglycaemia Alert Algorithm disabled (OFF group). Randomisation will be done using sealedenvelope.com and stratified by insulin delivery modality and previous CGM experience. Participants will be provided with sensors for the rest of the study. Participants will be instructed to test their capillary blood glucose if symptoms of hypo‐ or hyperglycaemia occur, in case of sensor failure or if the sensor glucose is out of the desired range, in line with the device license. Participants will change sensor every ten days (or sooner in the event of sensor failure). Low glucose alert settings will be standardised at 4.4 mmol/L (80mg/dL) for all participants at the start of the study and can be reduced to 4 mmol/L (70mg/dL) at week 2 during the telephone visit depending on participant preference. High glucose alerts may be personalised. Participants will be provided with a contact number for technical support but insulin titration decisions will be made by the participant. Two weeks after visit 3 and 4, all participants will receive a telephone call from the research dietitian to discuss any queries they have regarding the CGM, sports watch or any other element of the study. Those in the ON group will also be able to adjust the predictive hypoglycaemia alert level from 4.4 mmol/L (80mg/dL) to 4 mmol/L (70mg/dL) if preferred. Forty days after visit 3, participants will attend the research clinic and be switched onto the opposite intervention (ON/OFF) for the second phase of the study, which will last 40 days. Participants will continue to use the mySugr app or bolus advisor on their pumps, the Garmin watch and inpen or pump. The CGM, Garmin data and bolus data from mysugr will all be downloaded. The questionnaires assessing fear of hypoglycaemia, hypoglycaemia awareness, recent physical activity and diabetes distress will be repeated, as well as a short CGM interview on perceptions and experience of CGM. Forty days after visit 4, and 90 days after the start of the study, the study will end. All participants will be reviewed by the research dietitian at the research clinic for data to be collected and uploaded and to address any issues arising from the study. Smart insulin pens, G6 CGM and garmin watches will be returned and downloaded. Insulin pumps, mysugr apps and blood glucose meters will also be downloaded. CSV files will be downloaded from mySugr. There is no patient identifiable information in the CSV file. Garmin data is sent from phone to the Garmin connect app via Bluetooth, without any identifiable information, and CSV files can be downloaded from Garmin connect with a secure login. There is no patient data on the inpen, which will be downloaded onto Imperial College London computers, and will be associated with the anonymous email containing the study ID number for each participant. Insulin pumps and blood glucose meters will be downloaded onto NHS computers. Validated questionnaires to assess fear of hypoglycaemia, hypoglycaemia awareness, recent physical activity and diabetes distress, will be repeated. A short interview about the participants perceptions and experience of CGM will be undertaken.
 Effect of chromium on diabetes mellitus type2 treatment;  INTERVENTION: control group: placebo, once daily during 3 mounth. Intervention 1: Intervention group: chromium picolinat 200 microgram tablet, once daily during 3 mounth. Intervention 2: control group: placebo, once daily during 3 mounth. Intervention group: chromium picolinat 200 microgram tablet, once daily during 3 mounth. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus Diabetes. ; Diabetes mellitus E10, E11, PRIMARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: kg/m2. BS 2hpp. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. Creatinine. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. FPG. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. HbA1c. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. HDL‐ C. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. LDL‐ C. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. TG. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. Uric acid. Timepoint: Before intervension & 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dl‐ labratory kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. HbA1c=10%, HbA1c=7%; 2. DM2; 3. BMI=35, BMI=25; 4. Stability of antidiabetic treatment during recent 3 mounths; 5. Age 30‐65 years. Exclusion criteria: 1. Cr?1.5 (men), Cr>1.4 (female); 2. Liver function test (ALT, AST) >2 fold of upper limit normal; 3. Pregnancy; 4. Heart Failure; 5. Chronic Liver disease; 6. Uncontrolled hypertension; 7. Immunosupression disease and immunosupresive therapy; 8. Alcohol use and other drug abuse; 9. Psychological unhealthy; 10. Confined to bed during recent 1 years.
 Lipid Biomarkers for Diabetic Heart Disease;  Screening procedures include 12‐hour fasting blood draw, urine pregnancy testing for females, completion of medical history questionnaire, and stress echocardiography to rule out coronary artery disease or cardiomyopathy. Subjects who meet screening criteria will return for visit 2, which consists of a urine collection, 12‐hour fasting blood draw, dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DXA) for body composition, magnetic resonance spectroscopy analysis of the liver, and resting echocardiogram for analysis of heart structure and function. Subjects will then be randomized to treatment with fenofibrate (160 mg/d) or an identical‐appearing placebo for 12 weeks. They will be asked to continue their usual medications, diet and physical activity. Subjects will receive a pedometer to wear daily to track their physical activity. Subjects will meet with dietitians from the Lifestyle Intervention Core to complete a 24‐hour dietary recall. They will be instructed to record their daily blood glucose concentrations, distance walked and any side effects, illnesses or stresses in a study‐supplied log. Subjects will be instructed to either email or fax the log to the study coordinator each week (or discuss by phone). Subjects will return 6 weeks after starting intervention for visit 3 to ensure their medical safety. Procedures at this visit include an interim medical history, urine pregnancy test for females, blood draw to rule out untoward effects of the study drug on liver or kidney function, pill count to assess compliance, review of logs of blood glucose, distance walked, and side effects, illnesses or stresses, and meeting with a dietitian for a 24‐hour dietary recall. Subjects will continue to take their study medication/placebo and keep logs of blood glucose levels, distance walked, and side effects, illnesses and stresses for another 6 weeks. They will return for visit 4 after 12 total weeks of intervention. Visit 4 involves a urine collection, 12‐hour fasting blood draw, review of subject logs, pill count, and 24‐hour dietary recall. In addition, magnetic resonance spectroscopy analysis of the liver and resting echocardiogram analysis of the heart will be performed to determine if there have been any changes in liver fat or heart function during the 12‐week intervention.
 Preeclampsia is associated with increased preclinical carotid atherosclerosis in women with type 1 diabetes;  Purpose: Although preeclampsia (PE) is a well‐established cardiovascular risk factor (CVRF) in the general population, its role in type 1 diabetes (T1D) has been scarcely studied. We assessed the association between PE and preclinical atherosclerosis in T1D. Methods: We recruited 112 women without cardiovascular disease and last pregnancy ≥5 years before: (1) T1D and previous PE (T1D+/PE+; n = 28); (2) T1D without preeclampsia (T1D+/PE‐; n = 28); (3) previous PE without T1D (T1D‐/PE+; n = 28); and (4) controls (without T1D or PE; T1D‐/PE‐; n = 28). Groups were matched by age, several CVRFs, and diabetes duration and retinopathy (in T1D participants). Carotid intima‐media thickness (IMT) and the presence of plaque (IMT ≥ 1.5 mm) were assessed by standardized ultrasonography protocol. Results: Mean age of the participants was 44.9 ± 7.8 years (14.3% hypertension and 21.4% active smokers). Groups including T1D (T1D+/PE+ and T1D+/PE‐) more frequently presented hypertension and statin treatment (23.2% vs 5.4% and 37.5% vs 8.9%; respectively; P < 0.01), without differences in other CVRFs. Carotid plaques were observed in 20.5%. In multivariate models adjusted for age, CVRF, and statins, both T1D and PE showed a similar impact on the presence of plaque, with odds ratios (95% confidence interval), 5.45 (1.36‐21.9) and 4.24 (1.04‐17.3), respectively. Both entities showed an additive effect when combined, both in common carotid‐IMT (T1D+/PE‐ or T1D‐/PE+, β = 0.198; T1D+/PE+, β = 0.297) and in the presence of plaque (8.53 [1.07‐68.2] and 28.1 [2.67‐296.4], respectively). Conclusions: Previous PE was independently associated with preclinical atherosclerosis in T1D. Further studies are needed to ascertain its usefulness for stratifying risk in T1D women.
 Anti-IL-1 Treatment in Children Diabetic Keto-Acidosis (DKA) at Diagnosis of Type 1 Diabetes;  Anakinra is a fully human IL‐1ra (interleukin 1 receptor agonist) licensed in 2001 by FDA for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It competitively binds to the IL‐1 receptor, thus blocking IL‐1 signaling. It is a short‐acting agent that requires daily subcutaneous administration at 1‐2 mg/kg, maximum 100 mg/dose. It has been effective in lowering HbA1c (glycated haemoglobin) in T2D (type 2 diabetes) and a randomized trial of anakinra in recent onset T1D (type 1 diabetes) is underway in Europe. Overall, anakinra has been used in adults and children with a good safety record, for more than 10 years. Infrequent side effects include infections, neutropenia, nausea, diarrhea, cardiopulmonary arrest, influenza‐like symptoms, and production of anti‐anakinra antibodies. Study Design: A double‐blinded placebo‐controlled RCT (randomized controlled trial) with 2:1 allocation (14 active treatment vs. 7 placebo). Anakinra treatment will be given as a bolus of 2 mg/kg infused intravenously over 30 minutes followed by infusion of 2 mg/kg/hour for 4 hours immediately after confirmation of the diagnosis of DKA (diabetic keto‐acidosis) and when laboratory safety parameters are available (CBC (complete blood count) and pregnancy test) and after a consent is obtained. Primary outcomes: Safety and tolerability of anti‐IL‐1 treatment (anakinra) during the initial 24 hr period of DKA treatment. Secondary outcomes: Optic nerve sheath diameter (cut‐off to define cerebral edema: 4.5 mm); Changes in cytokines levels during the treatment with anakinra.
 POWER and LEED, not pull back rate, are the key determinants of long term success in Endovenous Laser Ablation (EVLA) of the truncal saphenous veins: a prospective study of endovenous laser ablation using the 1470-nm jacket-tip Angiodynamics Never TouchTM laser fiber in 203 consecutive patients;  Objective/Purpose Statement: Multiple factors have been proposed as the key determinants of successful closure and sustained venous occlusion following Endovenous Laser Ablation (EVLA). These include delivered energy, laser emission wavelength, pull back rate, continuous versus pulsed mode laser emission, type of fiber tip (bare, jacketed, radial) and the LEED (Linear Endovenous Energy Density). LEED is dependent on many factors including the power output (wattage=Joules/sec), treatment duration, and the rate/direction in which any given vein wall segment is exposed to thermal energy (pull back rate, beam geometry, laser fiber tip factors). Using a jacket‐tip proprietary “non‐vein wall contact” glass weld 600 mm fiber (effective 905 mm diameter, Angiodynamics Never TouchTM) in a large prospectively studied cohort of chronic venous insufficiency patients with clinical EVLA indications, the following objectives were studied in long term follow‐up of at least 3months‐1year: 1. Examine the key determinants of successful vein closure and laser‐tissue interaction; more specifically, discern the relative importance of laser power output, LEED, and pull back rate in determining successful maintained vein occlusion across time. 2. Determine the threshold LEED value for 90% success in achieving sustained vein occlusion in long term follow‐up. 3. Determine the optimal power setting for the Never TouchTM EVLA fiber to achieve the 90% success across a range of manual pull back rates used in clinical practice. Method: A prospective study of 203 (2014‐2016) serial out‐patients with chronic venous insufficiency/varicose veins/venous reflux symptoms, CEAP classification C2‐C6, in one or both legs. Pre‐procedure and follow up (Table presented) standing/supine duplex ultrasounds: patency, obstruction, and reflux in the GSV, SSV perforating and deep veins of both limbs. Reflux defined as >0.5 seconds reflux after releasing thigh or calf compression in the standing position. Exclusion criteria: prior deep vein thrombosis, age <18 years, lack of informed consent, pregnancy, inability to ambulate, current anticoagulant therapy, severely reduced pedal pulses, sclerosant allergy, prior vein ablation, or anatomic factors preventing catheter advancement. Tumescent anesthesia and EVLA power settings 6W‐12W were utilized. Success Definition: Sustained occlusion of treated vein at any time point beyond one week after EVLA. Regression modeling utilized to determine predictors of success, LEED threshold, and optimal power settings. Results: 203 patients (59% female, 41% male) comprising 336 ablated veins were studied. 86% were greater (long) saphenous veins (GSV) and 14% were lesser (short) saphenous veins (SSV). No patients were lost to follow up or withdrew from the study. The mean reflux times in seconds for right GSV, right SSV and left GSV, left SSV were (3.8, 3.6) and (3.5, 3.5) respectively. Mean GSV diameter treated was 5.9mm (right GSV) and 6mm (left GSV). Mean age was 65.7 years; mean BMI was 31.8; mean was LEED 21.6 J/cm; mean pull back rate was 4.7 mm/sec; and mean power was 9.7 watts. Concomitant prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors was extensive: Diabetes (38.1%), hypertension (71.1%), hyperlipidemia (66%), chronic kidney disease (5.1%), and coronary artery disease (11.7%). Summary statistics are presented in Table 1. Figure 1 illustrates the frequency of success vs. failure of ablation as a function of power, LEED, and pull back rate. Based on these frequency distributions, we analyzed the power‐to‐success relationship by stratifying the power output into two groups (6‐7 watts and 8‐12 watts). The frequency of failure diminished markedly as the output increased at and above 8 watts. Maximal success:failure ratios were observed at the highest power outputs of 8 W‐12W. The distributions of success to failure for the LEED relationship was skewed rightward and increased up to 20 J/cm and then decreased. Success exceeded failure at all pull back rates studied. Figure 2 presents the Kaplan‐Meier curve for the analysis of the success time (in days) for the two power groups (6‐7 w vs. 8‐12 W). The Cox proportional hazards (PH) model indicated that the power group of 6‐7W has decreased chance of success than 8‐12W (estimate=1.1249; p=0.00079). This also implied that the power outputs from 8‐12W were significantly better at maintaining successful long term closure after EVLT than 6‐7W. We also examined the PH model with three predictors in the model: (1) power group (6‐7 w vs. 8‐12 w); (2) LEED; (3) pull back rate. We found that for power, estimate=0.746 and p=0.049, for LEED, estimate=0.0638 and p=0.006, and for pull back rate, estimate=0.0378 and p=0.666; implying that power and LEED were significant predictors of successful maintained vein occlusion, but pull back rate had no effect. Figure 3, presents the success probability plots based on univariate logistic regression models. We established cutoff values for power and LEED that yield estimates of 90% probability of success. These results suggest a 90% or greater probability of success for power output> 10.34W (estimate=0.438; p<0.00001) and LEED> 26.56 J/cm (estimate=0.0771; p=0.0008). In terms of univariate logistic regression modeling, the power output was the most important variable determining success (z=4.81, p<0.0000015), this remained true even after subdivision into power groups: [6‐7W versus 8‐12W] (z=3.10, p<0.002). LEED was the second most influential in determining EVLA success (z=3.35, p<0.0008). Pull back rate remained insignificant in predicting success (p=0.38). Multivariate logistic regression analysis confirmed both power (p<0.040) and LEED (p<0.0084) as significant determinants of ablation success but not the pull back rate, which remained insignificant (p=0.69). The incidence of clinical side effects for up to 1 month post ablation, (defined as DVT confirmed within 10 days post ablation by ultrasound, bruising, severe pain requiring sustained analgesic therapy, paresthesia or numbness, sustained edema requiring diuretic therapy), were all assessed by univariate logistic regression. We found these to be not significantly associated with power output (p=0.14), LEED (p=0.71), or pull back rate (p=0.39). Conclusions: 1) Power and LEED are KEY determinants of long term success of laser saphenous vein ablation. Laser power output is the foremost determinant of ablation success followed by LEED. 2) Pull back rate has an insignificant effect on long term success across the range of pull back rates utilized. 3) A 90% or better probability of long term ablation success is achieved when a power output of>10.34 w and/or a LEED>26.56 J/cm is utilized. 4) Neither power, LEED, or pull back rates were correlated with side effects/complications across the range of values studied. 5) While ideal values for power/LEED will vary according to laser generator and fiber type, as well as clinical population/vein type studied; our findings suggest that utilization of higher power outputs and LEED values commensurate with minimizing side effects, will yield the best results. 6) Limitations: Non‐utilization of motorized pull back device (pull back consistency) and non randomized power output assignment. 7) Future randomized studies could test laser/fiber combinations using differing power and motorized pull back combinations that fix LEED at >20 J/cm to confirm exact roles of high vs. low power and pull back velocity in EVLA closure success.
 1000 Days: the "WeCare Generation" Program-The Ultimate Model for Improving Human Mental Health and Economics: the Study Protocol;  Introduction: The COVID‐19 pandemic stressed the necessity of a new resilience of the human population and health system. The “WeCare Generation” program is a new proposal of territorial intervention, with a new paradigm, on the diseases of the human body and mind. Background: In recent decades, the independent strands of investigation on brain plasticity and early trauma consequences have demonstrated that traumatic experiences in the period from pregnancy to the age of 3 years have an enormous impact on an individual’s future development, and both physical and mental health. Research shows that adverse child experiences (ACEs) are associated with a strong risk of conditions such as: harmful alcohol use, smoking, illicit drug use, high body‐mass index, depression, anxiety, interpersonal violence, cancer, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, stroke respiratory diseases and, as a consequence, to a high financial cost in Italy and also across Europe (1–9% GDP) and the USA (total annual costs estimated to be USD 581 billion in Europe and USD 748 billion in North America). All this suggests that an early intervention on that traumatized‐slice of population leads to multiplied savings. Methods: A multi‐center, randomized, controlled trial was designed. The parents of the future neonatal population (from pregnancy to delivery) with trauma will be enrolled, and randomized to treatment, or control arm. The article describes in detail how the primary outpoint (cost to the national health system), and some secondary outpoints, will be collected. Discussion: An overall rate of return on investment (ROI) statistically significant 13.0% per annum with an associated benefit/cost ratio (BCR) of 6.3 is expected as the primary outcome of the “WeCare Generation” program. Our proposed model predicts a new medical paradigm aiming to empower new generations, with a strong return on economy and health.
 Decreased circulating levels of the lipid-regulating miR-122 are associated with prior preeclampsia in women with premature acute coronary syndrome;  BACKGROUND: Pre‐eclampsia is a hypertensive disorder that affects 2‐8% of all pregnancies, and therefore has significant implications for the cardiovascular health of an estimated 300 million women worldwide. While epidemiologic studies have identified a strong positive association between pre‐eclampsia and the development of cardiovascular disease, the molecular determinants underlying this association remain poorly understood. However, there is increasing interest in the role of microRNAs (miRNAs), which have been shown to exert pervasive regulatory actions in cardiovascular biology. OBJECTIVE: To identify miRNAs that circulate at different levels in women diagnosed with premature acute coronary syndrome (ACS), with and without a prior history of preeclampsia (PE) or gestational hypertension (GH). METHODS: Total RNA was extracted from archived plasma samples from a derivation cohort of three groups of women with a diagnosis of premature ACS and a prior history of either pre‐eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or normotensive pregnancy (NP) (n=11‐13 subjects/group). The groups were closely matched on potential confounding variables including age, chronic hypertension, diabetes, smoking status and type of ACS. A total of 372 different miRNAs were measured by high‐density PCR‐array (Qiagen), and normalized using a mean‐centering restricted method. Alterations in candidate miRNA levels were further validated in a larger cohort of female premature ACS patients (n=30 PE, 37 GH, 148 NP), and corrected for technical variations using an external spike‐in control. Measurements were performed blinded to the exposure status. RESULTS: In the derivation cohort, circulating levels of 16 miRNAs were significantly (p<0.05) altered in the PE versus NP groups (from ‐2.8 fold down to +2.0 fold up), and 32 miRNAs were significantly altered between the GH and NP groups (from ‐2.8 to +2.7 fold change). These miRNAs showed little to no overlap with previously published reports of circulating miRNAs that were altered acutely at the time of preeclamptic pregnancy or ACS event. One miRNA, miR‐122‐5p, was concordantly decreased in both the PE and GH groups versus NP controls, and was robustly detectable in circulation. The circulating levels of miR‐122‐5p were also significantly (p<0.05) reduced in the larger validation cohort of PE subjects versus NP controls. CONCLUSION: An unbiased assessment of circulating miRNAs revealed decreased levels of the lipid‐regulator, miR‐122‐5p, in female ACS patients with a history of pre‐eclampsia. This study identifies a novel molecular link that may help to explain the association between pregnancy‐associated hypertension and increased risk of future cardiovascular disease.
 1000 Days: the "WeCare Generation" Program-The Ultimate Model for Improving Human Mental Health and Economics: the Study Protocol;  INTRODUCTION: The COVID‐19 pandemic stressed the necessity of a new resilience of the human population and health system. The "WeCare Generation" program is a new proposal of territorial intervention, with a new paradigm, on the diseases of the human body and mind. BACKGROUND: In recent decades, the independent strands of investigation on brain plasticity and early trauma consequences have demonstrated that traumatic experiences in the period from pregnancy to the age of 3 years have an enormous impact on an individual's future development, and both physical and mental health. Research shows that adverse child experiences (ACEs) are associated with a strong risk of conditions such as: harmful alcohol use, smoking, illicit drug use, high body‐mass index, depression, anxiety, interpersonal violence, cancer, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, stroke respiratory diseases and, as a consequence, to a high financial cost in Italy and also across Europe (1‐9% GDP) and the USA (total annual costs estimated to be USD 581 billion in Europe and USD 748 billion in North America). All this suggests that an early intervention on that traumatized‐slice of population leads to multiplied savings. METHODS: A multi‐center, randomized, controlled trial was designed. The parents of the future neonatal population (from pregnancy to delivery) with trauma will be enrolled, and randomized to treatment, or control arm. The article describes in detail how the primary outpoint (cost to the national health system), and some secondary outpoints, will be collected. DISCUSSION: An overall rate of return on investment (ROI) statistically significant 13.0% per annum with an associated benefit/cost ratio (BCR) of 6.3 is expected as the primary outcome of the "WeCare Generation" program. Our proposed model predicts a new medical paradigm aiming to empower new generations, with a strong return on economy and health.
 Effect of a Plant-Based vs Omnivorous Soul Food Diet on Weight and Lipid Levels Among African American Adults: a Randomized Clinical Trial;  Importance: More African American individuals die from cardiovascular disease (CVD) than any other chronic disease condition. Despite this disparity, African American individuals are underrepresented in nutrition and CVD interventions. Objective: To compare the effects of an entirely plant‐based (vegan) or low‐fat omnivorous (omni) diet on change in body weight and lipids during a 2‐year intervention. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Nutritious Eating With Soul (NEW Soul) study was a 2‐year, randomized clinical trial conducted in 2 cohorts (2018‐2020 and 2019‐2021) that took place in a university teaching kitchen in Columbia, South Carolina (before March 2020), and via online videoconference sessions (after March 2020). Participants included African American adults aged 18 to 65 years with overweight or obesity (body mass index of 25.0‐49.9) and without type 2 diabetes, uncontrolled thyroid disease, recent weight loss, or pregnancy. Data assessors and statisticians were blinded to study condition. Data analysis was performed from March to June 2022. Interventions: The intervention included weekly nutrition classes for 6 months biweekly classes for 6 months, and monthly classes for 12 months. Dietary interventions either emphasized no animal product intake (vegan) or a low‐fat omnivorous diet (omni). Both dietary patterns emphasized soul food cuisine (traditional African American southern foodways). Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcomes included change in body weight and lipid measures at 12 months. Results: There were 568 participants who completed an online screening questionnaire; 409 were excluded and 159 were randomized (77 to the vegan group and 82 to the omni group). Of the 159 participants (mean [SD] age, 48.4 [10.6] years; 126 female [79%]) who began the study, the main outcome of body weight was obtained for 121 participants (76%) at 12 months. There were no differences in outcomes between groups, including 12‐month changes in weight (mean, ‐2.39 kg [95% CI, ‐3.48 to ‐1.30 kg] for the vegan group vs ‐2.03 kg [95% CI, ‐3.07 to ‐1.00 kg] for the omni group; P = .64), total cholesterol (‐1.05 mg/dL [95% CI, ‐9.60 to 7.50 mg/dL] for the vegan group vs 1.66 mg/dL [95% CI, ‐7.20 to 10.50 mg/dL] for the omni group; P = .67), or low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (mean, ‐2.56 mg/dL [95% CI, ‐9.52 to 4.40 mg/dL] for the vegan group vs ‐0.79 mg/dL [95% CI, ‐7.98 to 6.40 mg/dL] for the omni group; P = .73). Weight loss at 12 months among cohort 1, whose weight was assessed in 2019 before the COVID‐19 pandemic, was significantly greater than that for cohort 2, whose weight was assessed summer 2020 during COVID‐19 (‐3.45 kg [95% CI, ‐4.67 to ‐2.22 kg] vs ‐1.24 kg [95% CI, ‐2.24 to ‐0.25 kg]; P = .01). Conclusions and Relevance: In this randomized clinical trial examining weight loss and CVD risk factor reduction among African American adults, there were no differences between the groups, and the magnitude of changes overall was small. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03354377.
 COVID-19: comparing the applicability of shared room and single room occupancy;  To curb the COVID‐19 pandemic, isolation measures are required. Shared room occupancy is recommended when isolation rooms are insufficient. However, there is little evidence of the applicability of shared and single room occupancy for patients with COVID‐19 to determine whether shared room occupancy is feasible. COVID‐19‐infected patients admitted to the Daegu Dongsan Hospital of Keimyung University from 21 February 2020 to 20 April 2020 were enrolled in the study and randomly assigned to hospital rooms. Clinical symptoms, underlying diseases and epidemiological data of patients were analysed after dividing participants into a shared room occupancy group (group A) and a single room occupancy group (group B). Outcomes analysed included microbiological cure rates, time to clinical symptom improvement, time to defervescence and negative‐to‐positive conversion rates of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) results during hospitalization. A total of 666 patients were included in this study, 535 and 131 patients in groups A and B, respectively. Group B included more underlying conditions, such as pregnancy and solid organ transplantation, and was more closely associated with severe pneumonia during hospitalization. Besides, no statistically significant differences between the two groups in terms of negative PCR rates at HD 7 and 14, conversion rates of PCR results from negative‐to‐positive, as well as time to the improvement of clinical symptoms, and time to defervescence were observed. Our results suggest that the shared room occupancy of patients with mild symptoms could be an alternative to single room occupancy during the COVID‐19 pandemic.
 Exposure to candesartan during the first trimester of pregnancy in type 1 diabetes: experience from the placebo-controlled DIabetic REtinopathy Candesartan Trials;  AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The teratogenic consequences of angiotensin‐converting enzyme inhibitors angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy are well described. However, the consequences of exposure during the first trimester are unclear, especially in diabetes. We report the experience from DIRECT (DIabetic REtinopathy and Candesartan Trials), three placebo‐controlled studies designed to examine the effects of an ARB, candesartan, on diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: Over 4 years or longer, 178 normotensive women with type 1 diabetes (86 randomised to candesartan, 32 mg once daily, and 92 assigned to placebo) became pregnant (total of 208 pregnancies). RESULTS: More than half of patients were exposed to candesartan or placebo prior to or in early pregnancy, but all discontinued it at an estimated 8 weeks from the last menstrual period. Full‐term pregnancies (51 vs 50), premature deliveries (21 vs 27), spontaneous miscarriages (12 vs 15), elective terminations (15 vs 14) and other outcomes (1 vs 2) were similar in the candesartan and placebo groups. There were two stillbirths and two 'sick babies' in the candesartan group, and one stillbirth, eight 'sick babies' and one cardiac malformation in the placebo group. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The risk for fetal consequences of ARBs in type 1 diabetes may not be high if exposure is clearly limited to the first trimester. Long‐term studies in fertile women can be conducted with ARBs during pregnancy, provided investigators diligently stop their administration upon planning or detection of pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov DIRECT‐Prevent 1 NCT00252733; DIRECT‐Protect 1 NCT00252720; DIRECT‐Protect 2 NCT00252694. FUNDING: The study was funded jointly by AstraZeneca and Takeda.
 POWER and LEED, not pull back rate, are the key determinants of long term success in Endovenous Laser Ablation (EVLA) of the truncal saphenous veins: a prospective study of endovenous laser ablation using the 1470-nm jacket-tip Angiodynamics Never TouchTM laser fiber in 203 consecutive patients;  Objective/Purpose Statement: Multiple factors have been proposed as the key determinants of successful closure and sustained venous occlusion following Endovenous Laser Ablation (EVLA). These include delivered energy, laser emission wavelength, pull back rate, continuous versus pulsed mode laser emission, type of fiber tip (bare, jacketed, radial) and the LEED (Linear Endovenous Energy Density). LEED is dependent on many factors including the power output (wattage=Joules/sec), treatment duration, and the rate/direction in which any given vein wall segment is exposed to thermal energy (pull back rate, beam geometry, laser fiber tip factors). Using a jacket‐tip proprietary “non‐vein wall contact” glass weld 600 mm fiber (effective 905 mm diameter, Angiodynamics Never TouchTM) in a large prospectively studied cohort of chronic venous insufficiency patients with clinical EVLA indications, the following objectives were studied in long term follow‐up of at least 3months‐1year: 1. Examine the key determinants of successful vein closure and laser‐tissue interaction; more specifically, discern the relative importance of laser power output, LEED, and pull back rate in determining successful maintained vein occlusion across time. 2. Determine the threshold LEED value for 90% success in achieving sustained vein occlusion in long term follow‐up. 3. Determine the optimal power setting for the Never TouchTM EVLA fiber to achieve the 90% success across a range of manual pull back rates used in clinical practice. Method: A prospective study of 203 (2014‐2016) serial out‐patients with chronic venous insufficiency/varicose veins/venous reflux symptoms, CEAP classification C2‐C6, in one or both legs. Pre‐procedure and follow up (Table presented) standing/supine duplex ultrasounds: patency, obstruction, and reflux in the GSV, SSV perforating and deep veins of both limbs. Reflux defined as >0.5 seconds reflux after releasing thigh or calf compression in the standing position. Exclusion criteria: prior deep vein thrombosis, age <18 years, lack of informed consent, pregnancy, inability to ambulate, current anticoagulant therapy, severely reduced pedal pulses, sclerosant allergy, prior vein ablation, or anatomic factors preventing catheter advancement. Tumescent anesthesia and EVLA power settings 6W‐12W were utilized. Success Definition: Sustained occlusion of treated vein at any time point beyond one week after EVLA. Regression modeling utilized to determine predictors of success, LEED threshold, and optimal power settings. Results: 203 patients (59% female, 41% male) comprising 336 ablated veins were studied. 86% were greater (long) saphenous veins (GSV) and 14% were lesser (short) saphenous veins (SSV). No patients were lost to follow up or withdrew from the study. The mean reflux times in seconds for right GSV, right SSV and left GSV, left SSV were (3.8, 3.6) and (3.5, 3.5) respectively. Mean GSV diameter treated was 5.9mm (right GSV) and 6mm (left GSV). Mean age was 65.7 years; mean BMI was 31.8; mean was LEED 21.6 J/cm; mean pull back rate was 4.7 mm/sec; and mean power was 9.7 watts. Concomitant prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors was extensive: Diabetes (38.1%), hypertension (71.1%), hyperlipidemia (66%), chronic kidney disease (5.1%), and coronary artery disease (11.7%). Summary statistics are presented in Table 1. Figure 1 illustrates the frequency of success vs. failure of ablation as a function of power, LEED, and pull back rate. Based on these frequency distributions, we analyzed the power‐to‐success relationship by stratifying the power output into two groups (6‐7 watts and 8‐12 watts). The frequency of failure diminished markedly as the output increased at and above 8 watts. Maximal success:failure ratios were observed at the highest power outputs of 8 W‐12W. The distributions of success to failure for the LEED relationship was skewed rightward and increased up to 20 J/cm and then decreased. Success exceeded failure at all pull back rates studied. Figure 2 presents the Kaplan‐Meier curve for the analysis of the success time (in days) for the two power groups (6‐7 w vs. 8‐12 W). The Cox proportional hazards (PH) model indicated that the power group of 6‐7W has decreased chance of success than 8‐12W (estimate=1.1249; p=0.00079). This also implied that the power outputs from 8‐12W were significantly better at maintaining successful long term closure after EVLT than 6‐7W. We also examined the PH model with three predictors in the model: (1) power group (6‐7 w vs. 8‐12 w); (2) LEED; (3) pull back rate. We found that for power, estimate=0.746 and p=0.049, for LEED, estimate=0.0638 and p=0.006, and for pull back rate, estimate=0.0378 and p=0.666; implying that power and LEED were significant predictors of successful maintained vein occlusion, but pull back rate had no effect. Figure 3, presents the success probability plots based on univariate logistic regression models. We established cutoff values for power and LEED that yield estimates of 90% probability of success. These results suggest a 90% or greater probability of success for power output> 10.34W (estimate=0.438; p<0.00001) and LEED> 26.56 J/cm (estimate=0.0771; p=0.0008). In terms of univariate logistic regression modeling, the power output was the most important variable determining success (z=4.81, p<0.0000015), this remained true even after subdivision into power groups: [6‐7W versus 8‐12W] (z=3.10, p<0.002). LEED was the second most influential in determining EVLA success (z=3.35, p<0.0008). Pull back rate remained insignificant in predicting success (p=0.38). Multivariate logistic regression analysis confirmed both power (p<0.040) and LEED (p<0.0084) as significant determinants of ablation success but not the pull back rate, which remained insignificant (p=0.69). The incidence of clinical side effects for up to 1 month post ablation, (defined as DVT confirmed within 10 days post ablation by ultrasound, bruising, severe pain requiring sustained analgesic therapy, paresthesia or numbness, sustained edema requiring diuretic therapy), were all assessed by univariate logistic regression. We found these to be not significantly associated with power output (p=0.14), LEED (p=0.71), or pull back rate (p=0.39). Conclusions: 1) Power and LEED are KEY determinants of long term success of laser saphenous vein ablation. Laser power output is the foremost determinant of ablation success followed by LEED. 2) Pull back rate has an insignificant effect on long term success across the range of pull back rates utilized. 3) A 90% or better probability of long term ablation success is achieved when a power output of>10.34 w and/or a LEED>26.56 J/cm is utilized. 4) Neither power, LEED, or pull back rates were correlated with side effects/complications across the range of values studied. 5) While ideal values for power/LEED will vary according to laser generator and fiber type, as well as clinical population/vein type studied; our findings suggest that utilization of higher power outputs and LEED values commensurate with minimizing side effects, will yield the best results. 6) Limitations: Non‐utilization of motorized pull back device (pull back consistency) and non randomized power output assignment. 7) Future randomized studies could test laser/fiber combinations using differing power and motorized pull back combinations that fix LEED at >20 J/cm to confirm exact roles of high vs. low power and pull back velocity in EVLA closure success.
 27 Relationship between metformin use and preterm preeclampsia in pregnancies with type 2 diabetes;  Objective: Pregnant patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are at increased risk of preeclampsia, and both T2DM and preeclampsia increase risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Metformin is used to treat T2DM in nonpregnant patients. In addition to hypoglycemic effects, metformin may lower preeclampsia risk in pregnancy and CVD risk in non‐pregnant patients. Our objectives were 1) to estimate the association between maternal metformin use for T2DM and preterm preeclampsia, and 2) to measure the effect of metformin use for T2DM in pregnancy on maternal CVD biomarkers. Study Design: Secondary analysis of data collected from an RCT comparing the effect of metformin vs placebo on composite neonatal outcome in singleton pregnancies with insulin‐treated early diabetes or T2DM. Participants were randomized at 11 ‐ 23 weeks to 1000 mg metformin BID or placebo until delivery. In a subset, maternal blood was collected at 24‐30 wks for CVD biomarker measurement. We defined preterm preeclampsia as preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome requiring delivery at < 34 or < 37 wks. We used multivariable regression analysis to estimate the association between metformin use and preterm preeclampsia and maternal CVD biomarker levels. Results: Of 831 participants, 119 (14.3%) developed preeclampsia requiring delivery < 37 weeks: 57 (13.7%) of 416 in the placebo group and 62 (14.9%) of 415 in the metformin group. 37 (4.4%) of 831 developed preeclampsia requiring delivery < 34 weeks: 15 (3.6%) of 416 in placebo group and 22 (5.3%) of 415 in metformin group. Metformin did not significantly reduce the odds of early preeclampsia (Table). There was also no association between metformin and maternal soluble endoglin, apolipoprotein B, VCAM‐1, or hsCRP level (Table). Conclusion: Among pregnant patients with diabetes early in pregnancy or T2DM, the addition of metformin to insulin does not reduce odds of developing preterm preeclampsia or improve maternal serum CVD biomarker measurements in the early third trimester. [Formula presented]
 Association of Maternal Serum Ischemia Modified Albumin (IMA) with Placental Histopathological Changes and Fetomaternal Outcome: a Prospective Case Control Study in Normotensive and Pre-eclamptic Women;  Introduction: Ischemia and oxidative stress leads to generation of hydroxyl free radicals and modification of ‘N‐terminus’ of human serum albumin. This modified albumin molecule, known as Ischemia Modified Albumin (IMA), is elevated in early stages of ischemia. It has recently been approved by US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for its clinical use, as early marker of myocardial ischemia in cardiology. IMA is a novel marker of ischemia and is elevated in other clinical conditions associated with ischemia like pulmonary embolism, uncontrolled type II diabetes mellitus, acute decompensated heart failure, preeclampsia, recurrent pregnancy losses and IUGR. Role of IMA in birth asphyxia in perinatology is of current interest and needs further research. Methodology: A prospective case control study was conducted in a tertiary center in North India for one year. Total 80 pregnant women between 34 and 40 weeks were recruited and allocated in two groups. Case group comprised of 40 pre‐eclamptic pregnant women and control group comprised of 40 normotensive pregnant women. Comparison and association of maternal serum IMA levels with fetomaternal outcome and number and types of placental histopathological changes was done in two groups. Results: In preeclampsia group mean serum IMA (115.23 ± 49.51) was significantly higher as compared to the normotensive group (79.21 ± 14.35). The optimum cut off value of IMA to detect a case was 94.5 IU/ml (sensitivity 65%, specificity 87.5%, PPV 83.9%, NPV 71.4% and diagnostic accuracy of 76.3). Pre‐eclamptic women, had significantly higher incidence of PTVD, lower fetal birth weight and placental histopathological changes as compared to normotensive group. 83.8% of the women with raised IMA levels were pre‐eclamptic. Raised IMA levels were significantly associated with higher incidence of PTVD, birth weight ≤ 2 kg and hypoxic histopathological lesions of chorangiosis, intervillous fibrin and hyalinization. Conclusion: Determination of maternal serum IMA levels early in pregnancy can predict preeclampsia and avoid future severe preeclampsia related complications. It might be useful to optimize both maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes.
 Methyldopa Versus Nifedipine or No Medication for Treatment of Chronic Hypertension during Pregnancy: a Multicenter Randomized Clinical Trial;  Pregnant women with chronic hypertension are at increased risk of pregnancy complications. Yet, it is unclear whether antihypertensive treatments lower the risks ofmaternalmorbidity andmortality. The aimof this study was to evaluate efficacy of antihypertensive treatments namely, methyldopa and nifedipine versus no medication in pregnant women with mild to moderate hypertension. This was a randomized controlled clinical trial, conducted between 2017 and 2018 at multiple hospitals in Egypt.Women with mild to moderate chronic hypertension without medication and in early pregnancy were included in the study. Additional inclusion criteria included no renal or hepatic impairments and systolic blood pressure (BP) between 140 and 159 mm Hg or diastolic BP between 90 and 109 mm Hg. Excluded were women with multiple pregnancies; a diagnosis of proteinuria at less than 20 weeks' gestation; comorbidities such as diabetes mellitus, asthma, or epilepsy; and pregnancies with fetalmalformations. Women were randomized into 3 groups to receive methyldopa tablets (1 2 g/d for BP control), nifedipine tablets (20 40 mg/d for BP control), or placebo (vitamin C tablets). Women in all 3 groups were given low‐dose aspirin to reduce the risk of developing preeclampsia. Blood pressure readings were taken at antenatal care visits scheduled every 2 to 4 weeks. A total of 490 pregnant women were included in the analysis 166 in the methyldopa group, 160 in the nifedipine group, and 164 in the control (no medication) group. Compared with the treatment groups, women in the control group were significantlymore likely to develop severe hypertension, preeclampsia, renal impairment, electrocardiogramchanges, and placental abruption (P < 0.001). Those in the control group were also more likely to be admitted to the hospital (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences among the groups in the rates of hepatic impairment venous thromboembolism and cesarean delivery (P > 0.05). Compared with neonates in the treatment groups, those in the control group were more likely to have an Apgar score <7 at 5 minutes and be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (P < 0.001). Neonates in the control group were also more likely to be born prematurely (P = 0.029). There were no significant differences for the neonatal outcomes of small for gestational age, intrauterine fetal demise, gestational age at delivery, birth weight, and neonatal death (P > 0.05). Treating pregnant women with mild to moderate hypertension can lower their risk of poor maternal outcomes, such as severe hypertension and preeclampsia, as well as poor neonatal outcomes such as prematurity or admission to the neonatal ICU.
 Double Blind Placebo Study of JARDIANCE® (Empagliflozin) in Prehypertensives Type II Diabetics;  Study rationale: The majority of patients with diabetes are having higher blood pressure than optimal. More than 30% of patients with type II diabetes are prehypertensives with systolic blood pressure between 130 and 140 mmHg. If a drug for diabetes has an impact on blood pressure in such patients then this drug will reduce cardiovascular risk beyond the reduction on glucose levels. There are some evidence that EMPAGLIFLOZIN is reducing blood pressure levels but a comprehensive study is not available. Timelines and Study duration: Start date : 01‐01‐2016 End date : 01‐01‐2019 Clinical Study Report date: June 2018 Publication date: 2018, 2018, 2019,2020 Methodology: Inclusion criteria 1. Age between 45 and 60 years. 2. All patients are going to give their informed consent to participate in the study. 3. Patients who are not receiving antihypertensive or diabetes treatment (newly diagnosed diabetics) 4. BP between 130 to 140 mmHg for systolic BP (prehypertensives) 5. Type II diabetes (HbA1c 7.0‐8.0) Exclusion criteria Known oversensitiveness, chronic renal disease (GFR<60 ml/min) or ESRD, heart or respiratory failure, recent MI, shock and pregnancy or lactation. Study drugs: Clinical examination 0,1,6,12,24,36 months. ‐ Duration and follow‐up: 3 years ‐ Collected data: Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, 24h SBP and DBP in time 0,12, 24 months. ‐ BMI, waist/hip ratio in time 0, 12, 24,36 months. ‐ HbA1c, insulin in time 0, 1, 6,12, 24,36 months. ‐ K, Na, Cr, BUN, Chol, Tg, HDL, LDL,ALT, AST in time 0, 1, 6,12, 24,36 months. Number of patients: 1054 Sample size justification: The reduction in mean 24h SBP expected to be 2.5 mmHg. Previous studies from our group reported an 12‐14mmHg SD for 24h mean SBP. The sample size required at the two sided 5% significance level and 90% power is 527 patients per drug arm. Statistics/Data Analysis Stata Estimated sample size for two‐sample comparison of means Test Ho: m1 = m2, where m1 is the mean in population 1 and m2 is the mean in population 2 Assumptions: alpha = 0.0500 (two‐sided) power = 0.9000 m1 = 130 m2 = 132.5 sd1 = 12 sd2 = 13 n2/n1 = 1.00 Estimated required sample sizes: n1 = 527 n2 = 527 Population: Diabetes, prehypertension, outpatients. I
 Impact of education based on spouses on Social support and Treatment adherence;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Pregnant women and their wives will be placed under a two‐part training session and the remainder will be available for four weeks through the public media. Intervention 2: Control group: No intervention program will be performed. CONDITION: Gestational diabetes. ; Gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy O24.41 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Social support. Timepoint: 4 weeks After the first intervention session. Method of measurement: Social support questionnaire in diabetic patients. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adherence to treatment. Timepoint: 4 weeks After the first training session. Method of measurement: Compliance questionnaire from treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of gestational diabetes in a patient's case is documented by a physician Being treated and controlled by diet, oral medication, or insulin Couples aged 18 and over Couples have the ability to read and write. Couples do not have chronic psychiatric and neurological diseases that disrupt consciousness and disturbance in the movement of the person, such as severe stroke, dementia and spinal cord injury. Also, they do not have visual hearing impairment Single pregnancy without abnormalities primary parous women Pregnancy is between 20‐30 weeks Pregnancy is requested by couples. Couples have a mobile phone with Android OS or ios
 The Efficacy of Light-to-moderate Resistance Training in Sedentary Pregnant Women;  Maintaining a physically active lifestyle is associated with many health benefits, including lower risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, some type of cancer, and depression . Pregnant, healthy women are recommended to do 30 minutes or more of light to moderate exercise a day, although most women in the Western world do not follow current recommendations and decrease their exercise level. Benefits of exercise during pregnancy are several, including a protective effect against the development of gestational diabetes mellitus, reduced pregnancy related low back pain, and risk of caesarean delivery. On the contrary, a recent review concludes that sedentary behaviors are associated with higher levels of C Reactive Protein and LDL Cholesterol, a larger newborn abdominal circumference, and macrosomia. Previous studies show that exercise during pregnancy is associated with improvements in psychological well‐being among previously sedentary women. Only a few RCT's have studied resistance exercise during pregnancy. These studies have found reduced fatigue and reduced need of insulin among women with gestational diabetes mellitus who did resistance exercise, with no adverse effects on fetus or the pregnant woman. The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of regular light ‐to‐moderate resistance exercise among sedentary pregnant woman, with regard to fatigue, health related quality of life, pain location and intensity, body weight gain, blood pressure, and childbirth outcomes.
 Effect of traditional medicine nutritional style on diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: In the control group of patients will be asked to continue with the previous method of feeding your doctor and Hba1c be examined at the beginning and end of the 3 month period Intervention 1: Patients in the intervention group feeding correct method based on traditional medicine are taught face to face and then checked before and after the three‐month period ??. Intervention 2: In the control group of patients will be asked to continue with the previous method of feeding your doctor and Hba1c be examined at the beginning and end of the 3 month period. Lifestyle Patients in the intervention group feeding correct method based on traditional medicine are taught face to face and then checked before and after the three‐month period ?? CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus. ; Malnutrition‐related diabetes mellitus Malnutrition‐related diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: HbA1c. Timepoint: 3 month. Method of measurement: HbA1c lab test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐. Timepoint: ‐. Method of measurement: ‐. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: definite diagnosis of diabetes mellitus that affirmed with FBS>126 in twice & the specialist confirmed it; their hba1c will be between 7.5 t0 9.5; they want and could cooperate in study ; they should not have pregnancy or lactation ,malignancy and Alzheimer ; they should not have any complication of Diabetes mellitus, like cardiovascular or renal disorders. Exclusion criteria: patient un cooperate within study ; wont come at determined time ;because of increasing level of blood glucose need to intervention ;unpredictable problem that interact with study
 Evaluating the Effects of a Diet and Exercise Program in People With Type 2 Diabetes or Prediabetes: (The SHAPE3 Study);  Type 2 diabetes and prediabetes are conditions that are largely caused by excess weight and physical inactivity. These conditions have adverse effects on heart and blood vessel structure and function, including left ventricular diastolic dysfunction, endothelial vasodilator dysfunction, and increased vascular stiffness, each of which increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Reducing the amount of calories consumed and increasing physical activity are both important factors for losing weight, increasing fitness, and improving blood glucose control. However, little research has been conducted on the combined effects of diet and exercise on general and abdominal obesity, fitness, heart and blood vessel structure and function, and heart disease risk factors. The purpose of this study is to determine whether people who follow a diet program plus an exercise program experience better improvements in body composition and cardiovascular health than people who follow only a diet program. This study will enroll people who are overweight or obese and have type 2 diabetes or prediabetes. Participants will attend a baseline study visit and complete blood pressure measurements; muscle strength measurements; a treadmill test to evaluate cardiovascular fitness; an echocardiogram to obtain images of the heart; tests to measure blood vessel function; a dual energy x‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan to measure body fat, muscle tissue, and bone density; questionnaires to assess physical activity levels, quality of life, and mood; and a blood collection. A portion of blood will be stored for future genetic testing. Women will also provide a urine sample for pregnancy testing. Participants will also keep a food diary for 3 days. Participants will then be randomly assigned to either a weight loss diet group or a weight loss diet plus exercise group. All participants will attend study visits with a dietitian for weight loss counseling once a week during Months 1 and 2, and every other week in Months 3 through 6. At each of these visits, participants' weight will be measured. Blood pressure measurements will also occur at least once a month. Participants who are assigned to the diet plus exercise group will also attend a supervised exercise session three times a week for 6 months. Each session will last 1 to 1 ½ hours and will include aerobic exercise and weight training. Participants who have diabetes or who are receiving medication to control their blood sugar will have their blood sugar measured before and after exercising, based on study staff recommendations. At the end of Month 6, all participants will attend a study visit for repeat baseline testing.
 The effects of prophylactic management and therapeutics on hypertensive disease in pregnancy: preliminary studies;  A controlled prospective evaluation of pregnancy complicated by chronic hypertension is proposed and preliminary data on population selection and pregnancy outcome are presented. Sixty‐three women with evidence of underlying hypertensive disease were followed prospectively throughout pregnancy. Twenty‐three patients were followed in a protocol of intensified prenatal care and randomized assignment of antihypertensive agents: placebo, hydralazine, or methyldopa. Forty patients were followed in the high‐risk pregnancy clinics at Duke University. The incidence of preeclampsia in the randomized prophylactic antihypertensive group was statistically lower than that in the nonrandomized group (8.7 versus 32.5%; P less than .01). There were no other statistically significant differences between the groups. The 63 hypertensive women had a high incidence of diabetes mellitus diagnosed during pregnancy (49.2%) as compared to the authors' general obstetric population (8.1%).
 The effects of prophylactic management and therapeutics on hypertensive disease in pregnancy: preliminary studies;  A controlled prospective evaluation of pregnancy complicated by chronic hypertension is proposed and preliminary data on population selection and pregnancy outcome are presented. Sixty��three women with evidence of underlying hypertensive disease were followed prospectively throughout pregnancy. Twenty‐three patients were followed in a protocol of intensified prenatal care and randomized assignment of antihypertensive agents: placebo, hydralazine, or methyldopa. Forty patients were followed in the high‐risk pregnancy clinics at Duke University. The incidence of preeclampsia in the randomized prophylactic antihypertensive group was statistically lower than that in the nonrandomized group (8.7 versus 32.5%; P less than .01). There were no other statistically significant differences between the groups. The 63 hypertensive women had a high incidence of diabetes mellitus diagnosed during pregnancy (49.2%) as compared to the authors' general obstetric population (8.1%).
 Efficacy and Safety of Nutraceuticals in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus Type II and Dyslipidemia;  Primary end point Effectiveness To demonstrate in diabetic patients,the effectiveness of nutraceuticals (bergamot 450 mg, Gymnema (400 mg, Phaseolamin 30 mg, Olea Europaea 10 mg) to reduce total and LDL cholesterol. Secondary end points To demonstrate in diabetic patients,the effectiveness of nutraceuticals (bergamot 450 mg, Gymnema (400 mg, Phaseolamin 30 mg, Olea Europaea 10 mg) to improve Endothelial function evaluated with vascular Doppler color echo; CHARACTERISTICS OF THE POPULATION diabetic patients in optimized medical therapy and increased plasma levels of total and LDL cholesterol EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY OF RESEARCH Experimental drawing Phase II prospective, randomized, comparative, vs placebo study Sample size Literature data show that total cholesterol levels> 200 mg / dl and LDL> 130 mg//dl have an increased cardiovascular risk in subjects with diabetes mellitus; in the Calabrian people the Health Examination Survey conducted in 2012, showed the following average values: total cholesterolemia 233 +/‐ 45 mg /dl for men and 238 +/‐ 40 mg / dl for women; while for LDL cholesterol the mean values are respectively 151 +/‐ 30 mg / dl in humans and 148 +/‐ 35 mg / dl in women. In these subjects the doubling of the statin dosage contributes to a further reduction of plasma levels by about 6%; the hypothesis not evaluated is that the integration with nutraceuticals (bergamot 450 mg, Gymnema (400 mg, Phaseolamin 30 mg, Olea Europaea 10 mg) in patients with optimized therapy, involves reduction of plasma levels> 6% HYPOTHESIS N =2(1600)/(196)*6,2= 3200/196*6.2= 88 The study will be performed with the enrollment of 88 diabetic patients, Eligible patients will be of both sexes, and naïve patients on nutraceutical (920 mg), consequently recruited. Patients using randomization tab will be randomized 1: 1 to treatment with active substance versus placebo. Investigators may not be aware of the sequence in which the treatments will be assigned nor foresee the next assignment in any way. TIMING OF THE STUDY The duration of the study will be 12 weeks after recruitment. After signing the informed consent, previously approved by the Ethics Committee, the subjects can fully enter the study. Each patient must make three visits: SEL (selection visit); V01 (initial visit); TERM (final visit). Excluding the patient's inclusion visit (V01), each visit will take place in the morning and each patient will be studied at the same time of day, between 8.00 am and 12.00 am, during the study (± 2 hours). The treatment is always accompanied by main meals. The first administration in naïve patients on Nutraceuticals will be done under the supervision of the staff involved in the study. Patients will then be reviewed at 4 and 12 weeks after recruitment. ANALYTICAL PRESENTATION OF THE PROCEDURES TO BE PERFORMED Before signing informed consent, patients will be informed about the rationale of the study, the objective and the procedures of the study itself. All the subjects can refuse to participate, or they can interrupt the participation at any time. The study will be conducted in accordance with the protocol, Good Clinical Practice (GCP) and according to the regulatory principles of application. Selection visit During the selection visit (SEL), all patients are subjected to the following evaluation. ‐ Collection of informed consent by the principal investigator; ‐ Electrocardiogram ‐ cardiac Eco‐color ‐ doppler (evaluation of the systolic and diastolic function indices) ‐ Non‐invasive study of endothelial function (vascular arterial Doppler ) ‐ Ergometric test ‐ Six minutes walking test ‐ Questionnaire on quality of life SF 36 ‐ Pregnancy test in women of childbearing age All laboratory results and pregnancy tests are checked before enrolling the patient in the study: ‐ Complete medical documentation on anthropological characteristics and clinical anamnesis (including any chronic treatments, or in the case of women, of contraceptive measures), and assessment of the presence of inclusion and exclusion criteria; ‐ Data collection: weight, height, Body Mass Index calculation, Systolic Blood Pressure and Diastolic Blood Pressure measurements (mean arterial pressure) using automatic meters, and 12‐lead electrocardiogram; ‐ Blood chemistry tests (total ,LDL and HDL cholesterol, glycemia, triglycerides, creatinine, Glutamic Oxaloacetic Transaminase(GOT), Glutamic Piruvate Transaminase (GPT), , potassium(K), Sodium (Na) uricemia and blood count, hb glycated blood sugar, C‐reactive Protein ); If the result of these evaluations: A) Does not meet the inclusion criteria, the investigator must: ‐ Document all the interview and the occurrence of adverse events; ‐ Draw up the examination and a physical exam including weight, height and measurements of systolic and diastolic pressures; ‐ Examine all the results of blood chemistry and biochemical tests; Document the reasons why the patient is not included in the study. Complete the CRF (case report Forms) of the trial. B) Satisfy the inclusion criteria (and if exclusion criteria do not appear), a blood sample will be collected. Therefore, the patients eligible for the study will be recruited and treated with: ‐ nutraceuticals (bergamot 450 mg, Gymnema (400 mg, Phaseolamin 30 mg, Olea Europaea 10 mg) ‐ Placebo Patients will take part in the study by double daily administration, before main meals. The first administration always takes place in the presence of personnel involved in the study VISIT 1 (4 WEEKS) Patients enrolled are promptly informed on the dosage of treatment, on compliance with treatment and on the need to evaluate its effectiveness after four weeks (± 3 days): V01. During the 4‐week visit (V01), patients undergo: ‐ Collection of any symptoms related to gastrointestinal disorders ‐ Blood sampling: Blood chemistry tests (total cholesterol, LDL and HDL cholesterol, glycemia, triglycerides, creatinine, GOT , GPT, Na, K, uricemia and blood count, hb glycated blood sugar, insulin, CrP ) ‐ Objective examination ‐ Detection of vital parameters (blood pressure, heart rate) ‐ Interview on adverse events, if present, and concomitant changes to the assumption of treatment ‐ Restitution of the drug and calculation of unused capsules to assess patient compliance ‐ Reporting in the CRF of the number of unused and returned capsules ‐ Delivery of the drug. FINAL VISIT (TERM) During the final visit (TERM), made twelve weeks after enrollment (± 3 days), patients undergo the evaluation of: ‐ Data collection: weight, height, BMI calculation, SBP and DBP measurements (mean arterial pressure) using automatic meters, and twelve‐lead electrocardiogram; �� Blood chemistry tests (total cholesterol, LDL and HDL cholesterol, glycemia, triglycerides, creatinine,GOT, GPT, Na, K, uricemia and blood count, hb glycated blood sugar, insulin,CrP) ‐ Electrocardiogram ‐ Cardiac Eco‐color doppler (evaluation of the indices of systolic and diastolic function) ‐ Non‐invasive study of endothelial function (vascular arterial Doppler) ‐ Ergometric test ‐ Six minutes walking test ‐ Questionnaire on quality of life SF 36 ‐ Collection of any symptoms related to gastrointestinal disorders ‐ Interview on adverse events, if present, and concomitant changes to the assumption of treatment ‐ Restitution of the drug and calculation of unused capsules to assess patient compliance ‐ Reporting in the CRF of the number of unused and returned capsules. EARLY TERMINATION OF THE STUDY After informing the Ethics Committee and the Health Authorities, the person who took part in the study may decide to stop the study before the deadline. Two copies of the written consent will be dated and signed by the investigator. All data will be collected in the case report (CRF) INTERRUPTION OF THE TREATMENT Withdrawal and interruption of a patient's study A patient can withdraw from the study at any time. The treatment may be prematurely and permanently interrupted by the investigator for one or more of the following reasons: ‐ Patient refusal to continue the study ‐ Principle of an adverse event, which represents an important risk to the patient according to the investigator or requires the prescription of treatments that are not considered concomitant in the protocol. ‐ Treatment not tolerated ‐ Any clinical event that requires treatment interruption. ‐ Any clinical event that requires a type of treatment that is incompatible with the study. ‐ Pregnancy Procedures In case of premature interruption of treatment: ‐ the investigator must document the reason (s) and the exact time of the interruption of the study in the CRF and in the patient's record. If more than one reason is given, the investigator must indicate the main one. In the case of a premature withdrawal from the study due to an adverse event (an event requiring immediate notification or not), the investigator must collect all the information related to the event. If necessary, the information is put together later. ‐ During the final follow‐up visit, the investigator must: ‐ Draw up the interview on the occurrence of an adverse event and on the changes in the treatment and the respective doses; ‐ Perform objective examination (including weight, height, systolic and diastolic blood pressure); ‐ Perform a twelve‐lead ECG ‐ Carry out a withdrawal for renal and hepatic function, possibly fasting blood count; ‐ Recover the remaining capsules and report in the CRF the number of unused and returned capsules; ‐ Document the date of the first and last administration taken; ‐ Estimate patient compliance with treatment between the final and previous visits. ADVERSE EVENTS AND ADVERSE REACTIONS Serious adverse event and adverse drug reactions The European legislation on pharmacovigilance was amended with the adoption in 2010 of EU Regulation 1235/2010, whose application is operational from 2 July 2012, and of Directive 2010/84 / EU, in force since 21 July 2012. Collection and notification, by the individual Investigators and by the Promoter, of adverse events / adverse reactions occurred to patients enrolled in clinical trials with medicinal products for human use. For the definition of serious and non‐serious adverse events, refer to the Standards of Good Clinical Practice of the PATIENT TREATMENTS Treatment management There is only one treatment period, and the formulation of the drug is in capsule form. The treatment is provided directly by the investigator at the end of each scheduled visit. Patients will take the product in a single daily dose after one of the main meals. Delivery of treatment Patients will be divided into two groups: Group 1 composed of 45 enrolled subjects who will receive placebo bis in die, twenty minutes before the main meals; Group 2 composed of 45 subjects enrolled with type II diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia without hypertriglyceridemia who will receive a double administration of nutraceuticals (bergamot 450 mg, Gymnema (400 mg, Phaseolamin 30 mg, Olea Europaea 10 mg) mg with the cadences described for group 1; Previous and concurrent treatments All details on previous and concurrent treatments must be collected by the investigator in an appropriate form in the CRF. It will be the duty of the investigator to always evaluate that concomitant and / or previous treatments are authorized and included in the inclusion criteria. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS All values are expressed as mean +/‐ Standard deviation. The values of the selected variables in perspective mode will be expressed as mean +/‐ standard deviation (parametric variables) or median (non parametric variables). To compare the differences between the study groups, correlation analysis, t‐test for samples, independent, chi‐square test, frequency tables, cross tables and tables for multiple / dichotomous responses will be used. A probability value <0.05 will be considered statistically significant.
 The Effect of a SGLT2 Inhibitor on Glucose Flux, Lipolysis and Exercise in Type 2 Diabetes;  SGLT2 inhibitors are a new class of drug that have a novel mechanism of action by promoting urinary glucose excretion to lower blood glucose levels. The recent observations that ketogenesis or episodes of diabetic ketoacidosis seem to be of higher frequency in patients with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes on SGLT2 inhibitors, is of considerable worldwide interest. SGLT2 inhibitors seem to be associated with euglycemic DKA and ketosis, perhaps because of their noninsulin‐dependent glucose clearance, hyperglucagonemia, and volume depletion. There have been two papers that have looked at this in some detail. One is a metabolic study by Ferrannini et al and a review paper by Yabe et al. The central question that needs to be raised is whether the observed effects are solely due to the SGLT2 inhibitors masking elevations in blood glucose in insulin deficient states, or whether there is some metabolic effect of the SGLT2 inhibitors that make episodes more likely to occur. There is increasing evidence to suggest that the SGLT2 inhibitors are affecting metabolism in several ways and that these may contribute to the risk of ketoacidosis. Ferrannini et al have shown that, on chronic usage, lipid oxidation rates change and thus the body appears to have a homeostatic response to losing glucose by switching metabolism more in favour of free fatty acids. It is also possible that protein and other metabolites are also involved in this process but these have never been studied. Recent trials of newer glucose‐lowering agents have been neutral on the primary Cardiovascular (CV) outcome. However, patients with type 2 diabetes at high risk for cardiovascular events who received empagliflozin, as compared with placebo, had a lower rate of the primary composite cardiovascular outcome and of death from any cause when the study drug was added to standard care. This may be a class effect and is of high importance to explore the effects of SGLT2 inhibitor effect on cardiovascular function. Aim: To study the metabolic adaptions that take place following chronic administration of SGLT2 inhibitors in people with Type 2 diabetes and to establish whether these adaptations contribute to the development of ketoacidosis. Study procedure: The recruitment phase will commence as soon as there is ethical, HRA, research governance and regulatory approval and only after the Sponsor 'green light' has been issued. Recruitment: From Diabetes Clinics at Cedar centre, Royal Surrey County Hospital and additional locations: local GP practices, other healthcare settings including but not limited to outpatient clinics, retinal screening, podiatry, diabetes patient groups, University of Surrey staff. Participants will be screened by the diabetes research team, which includes research doctors and nurses working at the Cedar centre research unit. Informed Consent‐ The participant will have a minimum of 24hours to consider participation in the study to consider the information, and the opportunity to question the Investigator, their GP or other independent parties to decide whether to participate in the study. Written Informed Consent will then be obtained. If the individual fulfils the inclusion criteria and meets none of the exclusion criteria they will be accepted into the study. All females of childbearing age will need to provide a urine sample for a pregnancy test. Physical examination will be carried out. Any abnormal, clinically significant findings at screening visit must be recorded as concomitant illness. If acute kidney injury occurs, the study medication will be promptly discontinued and kidney impairment treated using standard guidelines. Bloods samples analysed at University of Surrey will be viewed as bloods of research significance and not reported to the GP. Diastolic blood pressure, systolic blood pressure, and pulse will be taken in line with the Cedar centre SOP. Any abnormal or clinically significant deterioration will be reported as an adverse event. Weight and height will be recorded at screening visit and weight only at visits 2‐ 6. Weight (without shoes) will be measured using body composition analyser. Height (without shoes) recorded using a stand‐alone stadiometer for height measurement, manufacturer unknown. Body Mass Index (BMI) will be calculated and rounded up/down to nearest whole figure at each visit. Laboratory Tests Point of care or plasma HbA1C within 1 month of the screening visit. All laboratory results will be reviewed, and the reports signed by the Investigator or delegate in accordance with the delegation log, who will record in the CRF whether they are normal, abnormal but not clinically significant, or abnormal and clinically significant. In the latter case the eligibility of the participants will be reviewed. Subsequent Assessments: Visit 2: week 1: Baseline VO2 max test A VO2 max test will be used to tailor exercise intensity to each participant. This exercise intensity information will be used for visit 3 and 5 when the exercise test is completed. Participants will use an exercise bike and wear a mask and mouthpiece. Participants will perform a 5min warm up at 25% VO2 max. The submaximal exercise test using a 2‐stage bicycle ergometer protocol will consist of two consecutive 10min stages at a constant load corresponding to 40 and 70 % VO2 max followed by 5 min warm down. In addition, measurements relating to heart function will be taken. Visit 3 and 5: Exercise test Participants will have a standardised meal the evening before the exercise test and will arrive at the laboratory after an overnight fast. The standardised meal is 500‐kcal meal, which will be provided by the study team for the participant to prepare and cook at home. A cannula will be inserted into an antecubital vein and baseline blood samples taken at times 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 and 60 min before, during and after exercise. Participants will be asked to complete a set duration of exercise on the exercise bike. The duration and intensity will have been calculated from the results of visit 2. They will wear a mouthpiece and mask throughout and be attached to a cardiac monitor. The following measurements will be taken before and during/after exercise: ‐ Plasma non‐esterified fatty acid concentrations, atrial natriuretic peptide, noradrenaline and adrenaline (n=8 for each measurement) ‐ Plasma glucose, insulin and growth hormone concentrations (n=8 for each measurement) ‐ Ketone body and metabolite concentrations (n=8 for each measurement) ‐ ECG trace ‐ BP, HR and Rate Pressure Product (RPP=HR*SBP) ‐ Calculated substrate oxidation recorded as VO2 ml/min and VCO2 ml/min and resting energy requirement (RER) ‐ Capillary lactate concentration Visit 4 and 6: The Metabolic Assessment Day (8‐10 hours) Participants will have taken the randomised study treatment daily for 28 days prior to visit 4 and 6. Blood glucose study diaries will be collected at visit 4 and 6. Hypoglycaemia events will be reviewed. Data from their home glucose monitoring will not be collected for further analysis. Participants should refrain from alcohol and strenuous exercise for 24hours prior to any metabolic assessment day. If female of childbearing age, a urine pregnancy test will be undertaken prior to the commencement of any metabolic study activity. Blood pressure and heart rate will be recorded. Participants will be asked to return their unused IMP at visit 4 and visit 6. They will be prescribed the IMP required for the second arm of the study depending on the randomisation code. Participants will have a standardised meal the evening before the metabolic assessment day and will attend the clinical research unit at 7.00am on the morning of the assessment day after an overnight fast. Blood glucose concentration will be measured using a glucose oxidase technique on a glucose analyser (YSI 2300 Clandon Scientific, Yellow Springs Instruments, Yellow Springs, Ohio, USA). Hydration may be maintained by insertion of an intravenous fluid drip. All blood samples will be separated immediately using a centrifuge (Heraeus Labofuge 400 centrifuge, Thermo Fisher Scientific. UK) and the plasma stored at ‐20°c at the Cedar centre overnight and then transferred to a minus ‐80°c freezer at the University of Surrey for analysis later at the University of Surrey. Metabolic Assessment Day Blood samples will be as shown in Appendix A. The samples will be used for measuring different metabolites and hormones at various time points. Intravenous cannulae will be inserted into the antecubital fossa of each arm: one for blood taking at time ‐15 minutes and the other for the infusion of the isotopes [6,6]‐ 2H2 glucose and [1,1,2,3,3]‐ 2H5 glycerol at time 360 minutes. Two fasting samples will be taken at ‐10 and 0 for the baseline isotope enrichment for glucose, glycerol and palmitate and NEFA and ketone body concentrations and various hormone concentrations. At 0 minutes the study medication will be taken and a stable isotope of U‐13C palmitate (200mg) in 30 ml olive oil will be ingested in less than 2 minutes after which blood samples will be taken for palmitate enrichment and concentration in TAG and NEFA pools and TAG and NEFA concentrations. A primed infusion of stable isotope of glucose and glycerol will be given from 360 to 480 minutes and the concentration and enrichment of both glucose and glycerol will be measured from 450 minutes to 480 minutes. Samples will be taken for glucose concentration throughout the study. Blood samples for acetoacetate concentration and beta‐hydroxybutyrate enrichment and concentration will be taken. One blood sample will be taken at 480 minutes for targeted metabolomics and cardiac biomarkers. Blood samples for will also be taken for insulin, glucagon and cortisol. Patients will be asked to empty their bladder and urine will be collected to analyse glucose excretion at 120, 360, 450 and 480 minutes (4 samples). A Transthoracic Echocardiogram and pulse wave velocity will be completed during the metabolic assessment day. This can be done at any time point during the metabolic assessment day. On completion of the metabolic assessment day, participants will be reminded that they have the telephone number for the research team that can be used 24hours a day (identification card) and will be advised not to drive home. There will be a minimum period of a 28‐day drug wash out period before starting the second arm of the study. The participant will be dispensed with trial medication for the second arm at visit 4. A date will be agreed for visit 5 and 6 to allow the study doctor to advise when the participant should to start taking the study medication in preparation for visit 5 and 6. Telephone Visits 1 and 2 The research team will contact the participant the day after each metabolic assessment day to ensure glucose levels have normalised. This may be a Saturday if a metabolic study is conducted on a Friday. Telephone Visit 3 Once participants have completed both metabolic assessments days the participant will have completed the research study protocol. Each participant will receive a follow up check on well‐being 2‐4 weeks after completion of the last metabolic assessment day and will continue their diabetes care with their usual diabetes doctor. If a participant withdraws from the study, all samples will be destroyed but the anonymised data collected up to the point of withdrawal will be used unless explicitly stated by the participant. The study doctor may also decide that it is no longer appropriate for a participant to continue with the study. This will happen if they no longer meet the requirements for the study or exclusion criteria become apparent. The participant will be required to withdraw from the study if they become pregnant or lose capacity to follow the study procedures and provide consent to continue.
 Stem Cell Mobilization (Plerixafor) and Immunologic Reset in Type 1 Diabetes (T1DM);  Previous efforts to prevent or reverse new‐onset T1DM have been fraught withdisappointment, despite considerable promise. The non‐obese diabetic (NOD) mouse is apoor surrogate of human T1DM. Over 463 different treatments have been shown to prevent orreverse autoimmune diabetes in these mice. Efforts focused on clinical translation of themost promising strategies have led to negative findings despite enormous investment andlarge‐scale clinical trials. Encouraging preliminary clinical pilot data suggested that anon‐Fc binding CD3 antibody, mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) + daclizumab, rituximabB‐lymphocyte depletion, a soluble NBI‐6024 altered insulin peptide ligand, vitamin D3,nicotinamide, parenteral insulin, oral insulin, nasal insulin, and elimination of cow'smilk from infant feeding could each potentially mitigate diabetes onset, or at leastprolong endogenous C‐peptide and sustain honeymoon. To date, none of these approacheshave demonstrated robust benefit when subjected to adequately powered randomized clinicaltrials. Basing further clinical trials solely on responses in NOD mice would seemill‐advised.One of the most promising approaches to date has been use of intravenousnon‐myeloablative autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation after mobilizationwith granulocyte colony‐stimulating factor (G‐CSF), thymoglobulin and cyclophosphamide,as first described by Voltarelli et al in 2007 in Brazil. Voltarelli et al demonstratedthat a potentially toxic, cyclophosphamide‐based depletional therapy and autologous bonemarrow transplant rescue restores self‐tolerance, prolongs honeymoon, and remarkably,secures insulin independence. This 'immunological reset' approach was designed toeliminate autoreactive lymphocyte clones, with subsequent immune reconstitution.Remarkably, 20/23 children and adolescents with new‐onset T1DM were rendered insulinindependent for periods of 6‐35 months. In longer follow‐up, 12/23 maintained this statefor a mean of 31 months. There were no deaths, but nosocomial pneumonia occurred in 2,and oligospermia in 9. The underpinning mechanism appears to be restoration ofapoptosis‐related gene deregulation that contributed to breakdown of immune tolerance inT1DM.Our proposed new‐onset intervention trial is based on Voltarelli's concept, but we haveeliminated cyclophosphamide, replaced GCSF with plerixafor, substituted thymoglobulin fora single dose of alemtuzumab, and added anti‐inflammatory treatments derived from theClinical Islet Program in Edmonton with excellent safety profiles to date. Cellular andimmunologic data from our Clinical Islet Transplant program indicates that T‐depletionwith alemtuzumab, and anti‐inflammatory treatment with etanercept and anakinra, markedlysuppress autoimmunity: a much safer and better tolerated combination thancyclophosphamide. The addition of a long‐acting glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) analogue(liraglutide) is based on its known positive trophic and metabolic protective effects.Study Procedures 1. Patient selection: New onset of T1DM, diagnosed < 180 days, positive anti‐GADantibodies. Informed consent will be obtained from adult patients aged 18 and older. 2. Participants will go through screening evaluation, which will include: C‐peptidelevels during mixed‐meal tolerance test (MMTT), HbA1c, exogenous insulin, infectiousand malignancy screening, pregnancy test for women, assessment of cardiac, renal,hepatic, pulmonary, and hematologic function, assessment of T cells autoreactivity,measurement of autoantibodies for GAD, ICA512, IA2A, ZnT8 and mIAA, monitoring ofHLA‐A2 restricted insulin B(10‐18), prepro‐insulin (PPI)(15‐24), islet antigen(IA)‐2(797‐805), GAD65(114‐123), islet‐specific glucose‐6‐phosphatase catalyticsubunit‐related protein (IGRP)(265‐273), and prepro islet amyloid polypeptide(ppIAPP)(5‐13)‐specific CD8(+) T‐cells 3. Participants will be randomly assigned to treated arm or control arm in a 2:1allocation, resulting N=40 for treated arm and N=20 for control arm. 4. For participants assigned to the treated arm, Intervention treatment will last fromDay 0 up to Month 24. 1. Day 0: Subjects will receive Alemtuzumab (Lemtrada┬«),(30mg iv single dose); Anakinra (100 mg sc.); Etanercept (50 mg sc.) and Liraglutide (0.6 mg sc.) at University of Alberta Hospital. 2. Day 1: Subjects will receive Plerixafor (0.24 mg/kg/day) sc. at University Hospital to mobilize CD34+ stem cells to peripheral blood. 3. Day 1: Continuing with Anakinra 100mg sc. daily for 12 month; Etanercept 50mg sc. twice weekly for first 3 months, and 50mg sc. weekly for another 9 months; Liraglutide 0.6 mg sc. daily for 7 days, then 1.2 mg sc. daily (or up to 1.8mg daily) as tolerated for 24 months. 5. For participant assigned to the control arm, they will be monitored and tested forthe first 12 months, and receive intervention treatment from Month 12 up to Month24. 1. Month 12: Subjects will receive Alemtuzumab (Lemtrada┬«), (30mg iv single dose); Anakinra (100 mg sc.); Atanercept (50 mg sc.) and Liraglutide (0.6 mg sc.) at University of Alberta Hospital. 2. Month 12 + 1 day: Subjects will receive Plerixafor (0.24 mg/kg/day) sc. at University Hospital to mobilize CD34+ stem cells to peripheral blood. 3. Month 12 + 1 day: Continuing with Anakinra 100mg sc. daily for 12 month; Etanercept 50mg sc. twice weekly for first 3 months, and 50mg sc. weekly for another 9 months; Liraglutide 0.6 mg sc. daily for 7 days, then 1.2 mg sc. daily (or up to 1.8mg daily) as tolerated for 12 months. 6. Follow‐up: All study participants will be followed for 24 months. Study visits willtake place at Month 3, 6, 9, 12, 18 and 24. Unscheduled visits will occur asmedically necessary.
 A 19-SNP coronary heart disease gene score profile in subjects with type 2 diabetes: the coronary heart disease risk in type 2 diabetes (CoRDia study) study baseline characteristics;  BACKGROUND: The coronary risk in diabetes (CoRDia) trial (n = 211) compares the effectiveness of usual diabetes care with a self‐management intervention (SMI), with and without personalised risk information (including genetics), on clinical and behavioural outcomes. Here we present an assessment of randomisation, the cardiac risk genotyping assay, and the genetic characteristics of the recruits. METHODS: Ten‐year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk was calculated using the UKPDS score. Genetic CHD risk was determined by genotyping 19 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) using Randox's Cardiac Risk Prediction Array and calculating a gene score (GS). Accuracy of the array was assessed by genotyping a subset of pre‐genotyped samples (n = 185). RESULTS: Overall, 10‐year CHD risk ranged from 2‐72 % but did not differ between the randomisation groups (p = 0.13). The array results were 99.8 % concordant with the pre‐determined genotypes. The GS did not differ between the Caucasian participants in the CoRDia SMI plus risk group (n = 66) (p = 0.80) and a sample of UK healthy men (n = 1360). The GS was also associated with LDL‐cholesterol (p = 0.05) and family history (p = 0.03) in a sample of UK healthy men (n = 1360). CONCLUSIONS: CHD risk is high in this group of T2D subjects. The risk array is an accurate genotyping assay, and is suitable for estimating an individual's genetic CHD risk. Trial registration This study has been registered at ClinicalTrials.gov; registration identifier NCT01891786.
 Improving Cardio-metabolic and Mental Health in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Their Offspring;  MySweetHeart Trial is a randomized controlled trial to test the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardio‐metabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. Primary objective of MySweetHeart Trial: To test the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention in women with GDM to improve 1) their metabolic health (decrease in maternal weight between study inclusion after GDM diagnosis and at 1 yr postpartum) and 2) their mental health (decrease in maternal symptoms of depression during the same time period). Secondary objective of MySweetHeart Trial: To test the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve other cardio‐metabolic and mental health markers in women with GDM and their offspring. MySweetHeart trial is linked to MySweetHeart Cohort, an observational cohort study that assesses the effect of GDM on offspring cardiovascular health early in life. The principal investigators of the cohort are Nicole Sekarski and Arnaud Chiolero (University Hospital Lausanne, Switzerland). Their primary objective is to assess the effect of GDM on the surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) at birth (left ventricular mass index and subclinical atherosclerosis) and the secondary objective is to assess the effect of GDM on the cardiovascular structure and function during the fetal period and neonatal adverse cardiovascular risk factors.
 Tianjin Gestational Diabetes Prevention Program (TGDPP);  A total of 1,180 women diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) from 2005 to 2009 and their children have and continues to be randomly assigned to either the intervention group or the control group. A total of 83 women with prior GDM and newly diagnosed diabetes at baseline survey have the nine‐month lifestyle intervention program. GDM women in the intervention group will have five consulting sessions with a dietician during the first year and two sessions during the second year. The intervention group are given detailed advice about how to achieve the five goals of the intervention. The primary aim will test whether lifestyle intervention can reduce incident Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) in women with prior GDM. The second aim will test gene‐intervention interactions through fine‐mapping established genes for glucose, IR, lipids, obesity and T2D in relation to metabolic traits for T2D in GDM women. The third aim will evaluate the effects of the nine‐month lifestyle intervention program on cardiovascular risk factors in women with prior GDM and newly diagnosed diabetes. The forth aim will assess if a lifestyle intervention targeting both GDM mothers and their offspring can greatly improve offspring's cardimetablic risk (body weight, glucose and lipid metabolism).
 Post Delivery Intervention in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus to Improve Glycaemia;  STUDY OBJECTIVES Objectives To assess: 1. Effect of intervention on HbA1c at 12 and 24 weeks 2. Adherence to intervention 3. Participants' preferred time to commence the study, within the start date allowance of 6 weeks ‐ 6 month post‐delivery. 4. Qualitative data on how participants found post‐delivery intervention 5. Effect of intervention on weight at 12 and 24 weeks 6. Effect of intervention on systolic and diastolic blood pressure at 12 and 24 weeks 7. Effect of intervention on lipid profile (total cholesterol, HDL, LDL) at 12 and 24 weeks 8. Effect of intervention on physical activity at 12 and 24 weeks 3. STUDY DESIGN We will conduct a feasibility study for an open‐label, randomised, controlled trial of a personalised post‐delivery intervention (DNA Nudge) to improve weight, glycaemia and cardiovascular function in women with previous GDM. The study is designed to be remote, to enable the study to begin and continue in the pandemic and minimise barriers to recruitment. Study participants will be provided with equipment and instructions to collect samples and measurements at home. Contact with the research team will be over telephone or Microsoft Teams video call. We will advertise in diabetes antenatal clinics using word‐of‐mouth, posters, social media and on departmental emails at Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust or Imperial College for women with current/previous GDM aged 18‐45. We will recruit via Twitter, email and in‐person encounters. We will randomise women to 1 of 2 arms: Arm 1: Standard dietary and physical activity advice as per NICE guidelines at week 1 (active control arm; n = 25) Arm 2: DNA‐based personalised dietary and physical advice delivered by DNA Nudge dietician at week 1 and by DNA Nudge wearable and app for weeks 1‐24 (intervention arm; n = 25) Women not randomised to DNA Nudge will be provided with an activity app/wearable device (Fitbit) to monitor daily step count. All women will be provided with a home BP monitor and weighing scales. Week 1 Eligibility assessment, consent, randomisation, IPAQ questionnaire, baseline BP and weight, blood sample collected for baseline lipid profile. Some women will begin the study at 13 weeks post‐delivery and coincide with the routine postnatal HbA1c for women with GDM. The routine post‐delivery HbA1c will be baseline HbA1c for this study. For women who commence the study outside the 13 weeks post‐delivery window, a finger prick blood sample will be used for a baseline HbA1c test. Women in the control arm will be given standard dietary and physical activity advice by the research team, in line with NICE guidelines. Women in the DNA Nudge arm will provide a cheek swab for DNA analysis, carried out by DNA Nudge. They will be given personalised dietary advice by a DNA Nudge dietician, and be provided with DNA Nudge wearable, app and instructions. Week 6: Telephone/video‐call follow‐up to check ongoing willingness to participate and assess adherence. Week 12: Collect weight and BP data from weeks 1‐12, collect blood sample for HbA1c and lipid profile. Check ongoing willingness to participate and assess adherence. Week 18: Telephone/video‐call follow‐up to check ongoing willingness to participate and assess adherence. Week 24: Collect weight and BP data from weeks 12‐24, follow‐up IPAQ questionnaire, collect blood sample for HbA1c and lipid profile, return devices and collect usage data from DNA Nudge. Qualitative questionnaire to explore intervention experience.
 Replication of a Gene-Diet Interaction at CD36, NOS3 and PPARG in Response to Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplements on Blood Lipids: a Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial;  BACKGROUND: Modulation of genetic variants on the effect of omega‐3 fatty acid supplements on blood lipids is still unclear. METHODS: In a double‐blind randomized controlled trial, 150 patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) were randomized into omega‐3 fatty acid group (n = 56 for fish oil and 44 for flaxseed oil) and control group (n = 50) for 180 days. All patients were genotyped for genetic variants at CD36 (rs1527483), NOS3 (rs1799983) and PPARG (rs1801282). Linear regression was used to examine the interaction between omega‐3 fatty acid intervention and CD36, NOS3 or PPARG variants for blood lipids. FINDINGS: Significant interaction with omega‐3 fatty acid supplements was observed for CD36 on triglycerides (p‐interaction = 0.042) and PPAGR on low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (p‐interaction = 0.02). We also found a significant interaction between change in erythrocyte phospholipid omega‐3 fatty acid composition and NOS3 genotype on triglycerides (p‐interaction = 0.042), total cholesterol (p‐interaction = 0.013) and ratio of total cholesterol to high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (p‐interaction = 0.015). The T2D patients of CD36‐G allele, PPARG‐G allele and NOS3‐A allele tended to respond better to omega‐3 fatty acids in improving lipid profiles. The interaction results of the omega‐3 fatty acid group were mainly attributed to the fish oil supplements. INTERPRETATION: This study suggests that T2D patients with different genotypes at CD36, NOS3 and PPARG respond differentially to intervention of omega‐3 supplements in blood lipid profiles.
 High dietary fibre intake alters thecomposition of the gut microbiota inwomen who develop hypertensivedisorders of pregnancy;  Background: The composition of the gut microbiota and its interactionwith the host can be influenced by diet. Fibre is a major fuel source forthe gut microbiota, which can convert fibre into short chain fatty acids.Pregnancy changes the composition of the gut microbiota and can lead toincreased gut permeability and inflammation. This state of the gut may bealtered in women who develop hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Thisstudy observed the gut microbiota profile in women who experiencedhypertensive disorders during late pregnancy and if it was related todietary fibre intake.Methods: Women were enrolled in the Study of PRobiotics INGestational diabetes (SPRING) randomised controlled trial. Thirty‐twowomen who developed a hypertensive disorder and dietary fibre intakewas classified as high or low (above or below 18.2 g/day). The microbiotawas examined using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing followed byQuantitative Insights Into Microbial Ecology (QIIME2) and Calypso analysis. Predictive function analysis was performed using PiCRUsT.Results: There was no significant difference, in women with futurehypertensive disorders, in alpha diversity with high‐and low‐dietaryfibre intake. Of those women, the individuals with low fibre intake hadlower beta diversity. Dietary fibre intake altered the relative abundance ofmicrobial genera. High fibre intake reduced the abundance of Collinsella,Anaerotruncus, Streptococuccus and Oscillospira but increased the abundance of Faecalibacterium, Coprococcus, Sutterella and Paraprevotella abundance. Of the women with future hypertensive disorders, those with lowfibre intake had up‐regulation of pathways involved in glycerate breakdown, nitric oxide production and cardiac disease.Conclusion: Women with hypertensive disorders in late pregnancy whoconsumed a high‐fibre diet showed a different composition of the gutmicrobiota that was predicted to promote increased production of fermentation end products and stimulation of pathways to relieve the severity of hypertension.
 Association between number of children and carotid intima-media thickness in Bangladesh;  Previous studies on the association between number of children and carotid intima‐media thickness (cIMT) were limited to Western populations. Pregnancy in women is associated with physiologic changes that may influence the risk of cardiovascular disease. Comparing the association between number of children and cIMT in men and women can provide insights on whether the association may be due to pregnancy. We investigated the association between number of children and cIMT among 718 female (mean age 37.5 years) and 417 male participants (mean age 41.3 years), randomly selected from the Health Effect of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS), a population‐based cohort study in Bangladesh. Multivariate linear regression was used to assess the association and to control for education attainment, history of diabetes, age, smoking, betel use, BMI, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. The average number of children was 4.43 for women and 3.74 for men. There were no nulliparous women. We observed a positive association between number of children and cIMT in women. Mean cIMT increased by 4.5 μm (95% CI, 0.8‐8.1) per increment of one birth (P = 0.02). Compared to women with two children, cIMT in women with 4 children and ≥5 children was 23.6μm (95%CI, 2.6‐44.7; P = 0.03) and 25.1 μm (95%CI, 3.5‐46.6; P = 0.02) greater, respectively. The association was not modified by BMI, SBP, betel use or age. Data in men showed no evidence of association (P = 0.4). The finding suggests a role of high parity in atherosclerosis in women of a low‐income, high parity population.
 camel milk and diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: cow milk, 500 ml/day, 3 month Intervention 1: Intervention group: camel milk, 500 ml/day, 3 month. Intervention 2: Control group: cow milk, 500 ml/day, 3 month. Intervention group: camel milk, 500 ml/day, 3 month Placebo Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Insulin‐dependent diabetes. ; Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood insuline. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. HA1C. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. Injectable insuline dose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Lipid profile: total cholesterol, Triglyceride, HDL, LDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Anthropometric measurements. Dietary Factors. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: 24h dietary recall. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with diabetes treated with glargine; age range: 30 to 70 years old. Exclusion Criteria:pregnancy or lactation; smoking and alcohol consumption; Lactose intolerance; having cardiovascular disease, liver, lung, kidney and Chronic gastrointestinal and thyroid dysfunction; following from the weight loss diets two months prior to study; weight changes (increase or decrease) more than 5 kg two months prior to study
 Knowledge, attitudes, and practice behavior of dental hygienists regarding the impact of systemic diseases on oral health;  To assess the knowledge levels of dental hygienists in Saudi Arabia regarding the association between systemic and oral disease in addition to evaluating their attitude about integrating this knowledge into clinical practice. Methods: This was a cross‐sectional survey using a questionnaire of 102 items among 192 randomly selected dental hygienists practicing in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia by individual interview. The research tool was pilot tested among 12 dental hygienists (8 females and 4 males) to obtain feedback about clarity and objectivity. Results: The response rate was 83%, and the majority of respondents were female (77.5%). The respondents' knowledge about the risk factors of cardiovascular diseases was better than other conditions. The level of education was considered to be a significant predictor in many items related to risk factors. More than the half, rated the evidence linking periodontal disease and diabetes mellitus as strong; however, the knowledge level of oral‐systemic evidence was less than expected. A high percentage of the respondents were confident and comfortable managing patients with systemic conditions. Most agreed that dental hygienists must be prepared efficiently to manage medically compromised patients. Conclusion: Dental hygienists in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia have low level of knowledge about the oral‐systemic disease relationship. This study suggests that greater emphasis should be placed on this association in current and continuing education programs.
 Effect of White Button Mushroom in treatment of diabetic patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Control: The control group receive 16 gr corn starch powder twice a day with food (8 grams per meal), daily for 8 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention: The intervention group receive 16 gr mushroom powder twice a day with food (8 grams per meal), daily for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Control: The control group receive 16 gr corn starch powder twice a day with food (8 grams per meal), daily for 8 weeks. Intervention: The intervention group receive 16 gr mushroom powder twice a day with food (8 grams per meal), daily for 8 weeks. Placebo CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Ergothioneine. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: HPLC. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Using enzymatic kit method. Fructosamine. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ElISA. HDL cholestrol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Using enzymatic kit method. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ElISA. Insulin. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ElISA. LDL cholestrol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Using enzymatic kit method. TAC. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ElISA. Total cholestrol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Using enzymatic kit method. Triglyceride. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Using enzymatic kit method. VLDL cholestrol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Using enzymatic kit method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: type 2 diabetic patients who have been suffering from the disease for at least 2 years and have been using diabetic drugs for more than 6 month; BMI between 20 and 35 kg/m2. Exclusion criteria: using insulin therapy; Smoking; pregnancy; breast feeding; Weight loss greater than 10% of body weight in the past 6 months; being currently on a weight‐loss diet or program; allergic to latex; allergic to mushrooms; consuming mushroom more than once or twice a week; major medical conditions (such as renal failure, heart failure, inflammatory diseases, hepatitis); using immunosuppressive; NSAIDs; diuretic; estrogen medications; using any dietary supplements including antioxidant, fiber, omega 3.
 Metformin. A review of its pharmacological properties and therapeutic use in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus;  The biguanide metformin (dimethylbiguanide) is an oral antihyperglycaemic agent used in the management of non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It reduces blood glucose levels, predominantly by improving hepatic and peripheral tissue sensitivity to insulin without affecting the secretion of this hormone. Metformin also appears to have potentially beneficial effects on serum lipid levels and fibrinolytic activity, although the long term clinical implications of these effects are unclear. Metformin possesses similar antihyperglycaemic efficacy to sulphonylureas in obese and nonobese patients with NIDDM. Additionally, interim data from the large multicentre United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS) indicated similar antihyperglycaemic efficacy for metformin and insulin in newly diagnosed patients with NIDDM. Unlike the sulphonylureas and insulin, however, metformin treatment is not associated with increased bodyweight. Addition of metformin to existing antidiabetic therapy confers enhanced antihyperglycaemic efficacy. This may be of particular use in improving glycaemic control in patients with NIDDM not adequately controlled with sulphonylurea monotherapy, and may serve to reduce or eliminate the need for daily insulin injections in patients with NIDDM who require this therapy. The acute, reversible gastrointestinal adverse effects seen with metformin may be minimised by administration with or after food, and by using lower dosages, increased slowly where necessary. Lactic acidosis due to metformin is rare, and the risk of this complication may be minimised by observance of prescribing precautions and contraindications intended to avoid accumulation of the drug or lactate in the body. Unlike the sulphonylureas, metformin does not cause hypoglycaemia. Thus, metformin is an effective antihyperglycaemic agent which appears to improve aberrant plasma lipid and fibrinolytic profiles associated with NIDDM. Possible long term clinical benefits of this drug with regard to cardiovascular mortality and morbidity are not yet established but are being assessed in a major ongoing study. Since metformin does not promote weight gain or hypoglycaemia it should be considered first‐line pharmacotherapy in obese patients with NIDDM inadequately controlled by nonpharmacological measures. Metformin appears similarly effective for the pharmacological management of NIDDM in nonobese patients.
 Effects of breastfeeding promotion intervention and dietary treatment in postpartum women with overweight and obesity: results from a randomized controlled trial on weight and cardiometabolic risk factors;  BACKGROUND: Childbearing increases the risk of weight gain and cardiometabolic disease. The reset hypothesis suggests that lactation has protective cardiometabolic effects on the mother. The hypothesis is based on observational studies, and the possible interacting role of weight loss needs to be elucidated. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to examine the individual and interaction effects of a breastfeeding promotion intervention (BPI) and dietary intervention for weight loss postpartum (Diet) on body weight and cardiometabolic risk factors at 6 mo postpartum. METHODS: Pregnant women (n = 156) with a prepregnancy BMI of 25 to 35 kg/m2 were randomized to 4 groups in a 2 × 2 factorial design: BPI, Diet, both treatments, or no treatment. BPI consisted of individual counseling by a lactation consultant during pregnancy, at childbirth, and monthly thereafter or more frequently based on individual needs. Diet was initiated at 11 wk postpartum. Body weight, body composition, waist and hip circumferences, markers of lipid and glucose metabolism, and blood pressure were measured at 2 wk and 6 mo postpartum. We analyzed main and interaction effects using 2‐way analysis of covariance adjusted for baseline values. RESULTS: Among the participants attending both visits (n = 108), 99% practiced any breastfeeding at baseline and 97% at follow‐up. The BPI did not affect rates of exclusive or partial breastfeeding, age at introduction of complementary foods, or have main effects on body weight or cardiometabolic risk factors. There was a main effect of Diet reducing body weight, fat mass, fat‐free mass, percentage fat mass, waist and hip circumferences, fasting glucose, and insulin (all P ≤ 0.03), with no interactions between the treatments. CONCLUSIONS: There were no effects of BPI on body weight or cardiometabolic risk factors at 6 mo postpartum. Diet caused weight loss and had favorable effects on risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03580057.
 Aerobic And Strength Training Exercises For Restless Leg Syndrome In Patients With Diabetes;  Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is a common, underdiagnosed neurological movement disorder of undetermined aetiology. RLS is a collective sensory‐motor neural condition that is described by deep restlessness, unpleasant creeping/crawling perceptions profound inside the lower limbs and sleep disturbance, accompanied by a need to move the limb often at bedtime. Usually, the sensory‐motor complaints of Restless Leg Syndrome arise or aggravate nocturnally, presenting a day‐to‐day pattern. These sensations typically occur before sleep onset and cause sleep disturbance in patients. Restless leg syndrome is associated with different conditions including diabetes, diabetic neuropathy, pregnancy, uremia, iron deficiency, hypertension and coronary heart diseases. The Pathophysiology of restless leg syndrome is not clear. Firstly, it was thought to be peripheral nerve disorder, later in last two eras, the authors agreed that origin of Restless Leg Syndrome is in Central Nervous System and there is variation in complex combination between CNS and PNS structures. There is an unusual sensory‐motor combination and boosted spinal cord impulsiveness. The positive outcomes of the dopaminergic treatment show that restless leg syndrome may be caused by dopamine dysfunction and iron deficiency in CNS. Prevalence of RLS was found 27%. One of the most important risk factors of RLS is diabetes. According to a study by in 2019 stated Diabetes type 2 prevalence is 80.0%. Various Studies on Restless Leg Syndrome in diabetes is conducted showing a significant association between RLS and type 2 diabetes. A study was done in Saudi Arabia reported that RLS can affect diabetic patients and it is important to treat RLS, for even better diabetes control. Prevalence of RLS in diabetic patient is 28.6%. Mostly RLS is mixed with other sleep disorder known as a periodic limb movement disorder. Restless leg syndrome also causes strong sleep disturbances (e.g., chronic insomnia, sleep apnea) which have a major impact on health and quality of life, its adverse impact can usually be reversed by on‐time diagnosis and treatment. The primary treatments for restless legs syndrome are pharmacological but recently non‐pharmacological treatment is being used. A single‐blinded RCT was done in 2013 on the physical therapy management of restless leg syndrome in hemodialysis patients stated progressive exercise training program appears to be a safe and effective approach in reducing RLS symptom severity in HD patients. It seems that exercise‐induced adaptations to the whole body are mostly responsible for the reduction in RLS severity score. Another study in 2016 was done in which it was reported that muscle stretching exercise seems to be very effective and can reduce RLS symptoms. A 12‐week trial in restless leg syndrome patient. The exercise group was prescribed a conditioning program of the aerobic and control group was prescribed lower‐body resistance training, both groups had a positive effect on decreasing severity but the exercise group had a significant improvement in symptoms compared with the control group. Diabetes is one of the most prevalent risk factors of "Restless leg syndrome" but unluckily there were limited studies done here in Pakistan for severity control. Our study differs from other literature in sense of its an RCT investigator is trying to find out better treatment option by comparing two treatments (aerobic training and strengthening exercise) for diabetic patients suffering from restless leg syndrome.
 Cardiac rehabilitation adapted to transient ischaemic attack and stroke (CRAFTS): a randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Coronary Heart Disease and Cerebrovascular Disease share many predisposing, modifiable risk factors (hypertension, abnormal blood lipids and lipoproteins, cigarette smoking, physical inactivity, obesity and diabetes mellitus). Lifestyle interventions and pharmacological therapy are recognised as the cornerstones of secondary prevention. Cochrane review has proven the benefits of programmes incorporating exercise and lifestyle counselling in the cardiac disease population. A Cochrane review highlighted as priority, the need to establish feasibility and efficacy of exercise based interventions for Cerebrovascular Disease. METHODS: A single blind randomised controlled trial is proposed to examine a primary care cardiac rehabilitation programme for adults post transient ischemic attack (TIA) and stroke in effecting a positive change in the primary outcome measures of cardiac risk scores derived from Blood Pressure, lipid profile, smoking and diabetic status and lifestyle factors of habitual smoking, exercise and healthy eating participation. Secondary outcomes of interest include health related quality of life as measured by the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, the Stroke Specific Quality of Life scale and WONCA COOP Functional Health Status charts and cardiovascular fitness as measured by a sub‐maximal fitness test.A total of 144 patients, over 18 years of age with confirmed diagnosis of ischaemic stroke or TIA, will be recruited from Dublin community stroke services and two tertiary T.I.A clinics. Exclusion criteria will include oxygen dependence, unstable cardiac conditions, uncontrolled diabetes, major medical conditions, claudication, febrile illness, pregnancy or cognitive impairment. Participants will be block‐statified, randomly allocated to one of two groups using a pre‐prepared computer generated randomisation schedule. Both groups will receive a two hour education class on risk reduction post stroke. The intervention group will receive a 10 week programme of supervised aerobic exercises (twice weekly) and individually tailored brief intervention lifestyle counselling. Both groups will be tested on week one and week ten of the programme. Follow‐up at 1 year will assess longer term benefits. Analysis will test for significant changes in the key variables indicated. DISCUSSION: Application of the Cardiac Rehabilitation paradigm to patients with ischaemic stroke or TIA has not been explored despite the obvious overlap in aetiology. It is hoped the anticipated improvement in vascular risk factors and fitness resulting from such a programme will enhance health and social gain in this population. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISCTRN90272638.
 A Mobile Clinical Decision Support System for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India (SMARThealth Pregnancy): pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial;  BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Early identification is crucial to reducing deaths. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carry independent risks for future CVD, and antenatal care is a window to screen and counsel high‐risk women. In rural India, community health workers (CHWs) deliver antenatal and postnatal care. We developed a complex intervention (SMARThealth Pregnancy) involving mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and evaluated it in a pilot cluster randomized controlled trial (cRCT). OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to co‐design a theory‐informed intervention for CHWs to screen, refer, and counsel pregnant women at high risk of future CVD in rural India and evaluate its feasibility and acceptability. METHODS: In phase 1, we used qualitative methods to explore community priorities for high‐risk pregnant women in rural areas of 2 diverse states in India. In phase 2, informed by behavior change theory and human‐centered design, we used these qualitative data to develop the intervention components and implementation strategies for SMARThealth Pregnancy in an iterative process with end users. In phase 3, using mixed methods, we evaluated the intervention in a cRCT with an embedded qualitative substudy across 4 primary health centres: 2 in Jhajjar district, Haryana, and 2 in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. RESULTS: SMARThealth Pregnancy embedded a total of 15 behavior change techniques and included (1) community awareness programs; (2) targeted training, including point‐of‐care blood pressure and hemoglobin measurement; and (3) mobile clinical decision support for CHWs to screen women in their homes. The intervention focused on 3 priority conditions: anemia, HDP, and GDM. The evaluation involved a total of 200 pregnant women, equally randomized to intervention or enhanced standard care (control). Recruitment was completed within 5 months, with minimal loss to follow‐up (4/200, 2%) at 6 weeks postpartum. A total of 4 primary care doctors and 54 CHWs in the intervention clusters took part in the study. Fidelity to intervention practices was 100% prepandemic. Over half the study population was affected by moderate to severe anemia at baseline. The prevalence of HDP (2.5%) and GDM (2%) was low in our study population. Results suggest a possible improvement in mean hemoglobin (anemia) in the intervention group, although an adequately powered trial is needed. The model of home‐based care was feasible and acceptable for pregnant or postpartum women and CHWs, who perceived improvements in quality of care, self‐efficacy, and professional recognition. CONCLUSIONS: SMARThealth Pregnancy is an innovative model of home‐based care for high‐risk pregnant women during the transitions between antenatal and postnatal care and adult health services. The use of theory and co‐design during intervention development facilitated acceptability of the intervention and implementation strategies. Our experience has informed the decision to initiate a larger‐scale cRCT. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03968952; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03968952. INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): RR2‐10.3389/fgwh.2021.620759.
 Effect of Dulaglutide on Liver Fat in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease;  OBJECTIVE Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a public health problem in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The presence of type 2 diabetes in patients with NAFLD is a risk factor for its progression to a more severe liver disease known as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). NASH, in turn, can progress to liver fibrosis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular cancer in some patients. GLP‐1 receptor agonists are a class of anti‐diabetic agents that reduce hyperglycemia and body weight. Liraglutide is a daily injectable GLP‐1 receptor agonist that has been shown to reduce liver fat in patients with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD. Dulaglutide is a weekly injectable GLP‐1 receptor agonist that is approved for type 2 diabetes. Data regarding the effect of dulaglutide on liver fat are scarce. Therefore, the present study is planned to evaluate the effect of dulaglutide on liver fat in patients with type 2 diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Materials and methods Study design This D‐LIFT (Effect of dulaglutide on Liver Fat) trial is an investigator initiated, prospective, open label, randomized clinical study to examine the effect of dulaglutide 0.75 mg subcutaneously weekly for 4 weeks, followed by 1.5 mg weekly for 20 weeks when included in the standard treatment for type 2 diabetes vs. standard treatment for type 2 diabetes (minus dulaglutide) in patients with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD. Hepatic steatosis (intracellular fat accumulation in hepatocytes) will be measured by MRI‐PDFF, a validated quantitative biomarker for liver fat. The study will be conducted according to the CONSORT guidelines. The patient population for the trial will be derived from Medanta‐The Medicity Hospital endocrine out‐patient clinic, who would primarily visit for management of type 2 diabetes and other co‐morbidities. The study will be conducted in Medanta‐The Medicity Hospital, Gurugram, Haryana, which is a tertiary care center in North India. Patients deemed eligible will be screened for the trial. The clinical trial protocol will be presented for approval to the institutional ethics review board. Informed written consent will be obtained from all the participants before enrolment into the study. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria Patients will be enrolled in the study if they met all of the following criteria: 1. A man or woman, 20 years of age or above with the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes for at least 3 months who meets all of the following two criteria: 1. On standard anti‐diabetic agents (metformin, DPP‐4 inhibitors, sulphonylureas or insulin, in any combination) with an HbA1c of ≤ 7.0% and ≥10.0% (≤53 and ≥86 mmol/mol) at screening 2. Have documented hepatic steatosis (MRI‐PDFF >6%) on screening MRI‐PDFF 2. Subjects must be medically stable on the basis of medical history, physical examination and laboratory investigations. 3. Subjects must be willing and able to adhere to the prohibitions and restrictions specified in this protocol. 4. Each subject must sign an informed consent form (ICF) indicating that he or she understands the purpose of the study and are willing to participate in the study. In addition, all the conditions described below will be considered exclusion criteria: 1. History of diabetic ketoacidosis, type 1 diabetes, pancreas or beta‐cell transplantation, or diabetes secondary to pancreatitis or pancreatectomy. 2. History of brittle or labile glycemic control, with widely varying glucose measurements by FPG or SMBG such that stable glucose control over the treatment period would be unlikely. 6. BMI ≥23 kg/m2 or ≥40 kg/m2. 9. Renal disease that required treatment with immunosuppressive therapy or a history of dialysis or renal transplant. 3. History of drug or alcohol abuse according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (5th edition) (DSM‐V) criteria within 3 years before Screening, or an Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) with a score ≥8, or alcohol consumption of more than 20 g per day in the case of women and more than 30 g per day in the case of men for at least three consecutive months during the previous 5 years. 4. Thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) value that is either < 0.45 mIU/L or >10 mIU/L at Screening. Note: Subjects on thyroid hormone replacement therapy must be on a stable dose and dosing regimen for at least 4 weeks prior to enrollment. 5. Use of a PPARγ agonist [e.g., a thiazolidinedione (pioglitazone], an SGLT2 inhibitor (e.g., canagliflozin, empagliflozin) or another GLP‐1 receptor agonist (e.g., liraglutide) within 24 weeks before the enrollment. 7. Ongoing eating disorder, or a significant weight loss or weight gain within 12 weeks before the Screening visit, defined as an increase or decrease of 5% in body weight based upon clinic‐based measurement or, if not available, based on subject's report. 8. Use of weight loss medication (prescription and/or over‐the‐counter) within 3 months prior to Screening or have participated in a weight loss/diet program within 12 months prior to Screening. 10. Myocardial infarction, unstable angina, pulmonary hypertension, revascularisation procedure (e.g., stent or bypass graft surgery), or cerebrovascular accident within 3 months before Screening, or revascularisation procedure is planned, or subject has a history of New York Heart Association (NYHA) Class III‐IV cardiac disease. 11. History of hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) or hepatitis C antibody (anti‐HCV) positive, or other clinically active liver disease, or tests positive for HBsAg or anti‐HCV at Screening. 12. Use of vitamin E within 3 months before screening. 13. History of prior bariatric (e.g., Roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass) or other major upper gastrointestinal surgical procedure (including gastric resection). 14. History of diabetic gastroparesis (or symptoms suggestive of this disorder, including postprandial bloating or vomiting), malabsorption, inflammatory bowel disease, or any other chronic, clinically important gastrointestinal disorder. 15. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <65 mL/min/1•73 m2 using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study (MDRD) equation. 16. Subjects with a history of having or possibly having metallic material in the body or any contraindication for a MR examination. 17. Screening fasting serum triglycerides ≥600 mg/dL (6•74 mmol/L). 18. Claustrophobia, or anxiety related to previous negative experiences with magnetic resonance imaging procedures or if the subject is unwilling to participate in magnetic resonance imaging procedures. 19. Clinically important hematologic disorder (e.g., symptomatic anemia, proliferative bone marrow disorder, thrombocytopenia) at Screening. 20. History of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) antibody positive at Screening. 21. Major surgery (e.g., requiring general anaesthesia) within 12 weeks before Screening, or will not have fully recovered from surgery, or has surgery planned during the time the subject is expected to participate in the study. 22. Contraindications to the use of dulaglutide (per DULAGLUTIDE US Prescribing Information). 23. Current use of a corticosteroid medication or immunosuppressive agent, or likely to require treatment with a corticosteroid medication or an immunosuppressive agent. Note: Subjects using inhaled, intranasal, intra‐articular, or topical corticosteroids, or corticosteroids in therapeutic replacement doses may participate. 24. Pregnancy or women breastfeeding or planning to become pregnant while enroled in this study. 25. History of significant cardiac, vascular, pulmonary, renal, gastrointestinal, endocrine, neurologic, hematologic, rheumatologic, psychiatric, or metabolic disturbances. 26. Use of drugs known to cause hepatic steatosis like methotrexate. Baseline assessment at screening All patients will undergo a baseline assessment before randomization, including detailed medical history and physical examination. Randomization A research assistant will randomize the patients into either dulaglutide group or control group in a 1:1 ratio using computer‐generated numbers. SPSS software will be used to generate 60 random numbers between 000 to 999. The random numbers will be divided by 2 and the reminder noted. The reminders 0, & 1 will correspond to dulaglutide and control group respectively. It will be ensured that these are equal in number. Opaque envelopes will be prepared with serial number on the top and the assigned group inside the envelop. After recruiting the subjects, the envelop with corresponding serial number will be opened and the subjects assign to the relevant groups after opening the envelop. The patients will then be sent back to their respective consultants (MSK, SKM, KJF, AM) in the endocrine department for initiation and/or adjustment of treatment for type 2 diabetes (according to randomization into dulaglutide or control groups) and other co‐morbidities. Treatment allocation will be open‐label. Study visits After careful assessment at the baseline visit, patients meeting all inclusion and exclusion criteria will be randomized to receive dulaglutide 0.75 mg weekly for 4 weeks followed by 1.5 mg weekly for 20 weeks plus standard treatment for type 2 diabetes. The control group will receive standard treatment for type 2 diabetes and up titration of treatment will be done by anti‐diabetic medicines other than the GLP‐1 receptor agonist. Patients will be advised to return to the out‐patient endocrine clinic for follow‐up visits at weeks 12 and 24. Primary and secondary outcomes The primary outcome measure is change in liver fat quantified by MRI‐PDFF in colocalized regions of interest (ROI) within each of the nine liver segments. The secondary outcome measures are change in serum AST, ALT and GGT values; Fibroscan, change in cardiometabolic markers namely IL‐1, TNF‐alpha, hs‐CRP, leptin, adiponectin and homocysteine and fibrosis markers. MRI‐PDFF protocols MRI‐PDFF for fat quantification MRI‐PDFF is a non‐invasive, objective, and quantitative MR imaging‐based biomarker that can accurately estimate liver fat. MRI‐PDFF has been demonstrated to be a robust technique for assessing treatment response in NASH clinical trials. In this study, the time interval from obtaining the baseline MRI‐PDFF to initiating the study drug will be less than one week. Method of sample size calculation Assumptions: Formula for sample size calculation: MRI‐PDFF for detailed fat mapping of the entire liver All MR examinations will be done by an experienced MR technologist in the Medanta Radiology department under the direction of the radiologist investigator (SK). The radiologist investigator, blinded to the patients' treatment group allocation, clinical and biochemical data, and order of scans (baseline and follow‐up), will perform the image analyses. ROI colocalization before and after treatment To assess longitudinal changes in liver fat content, one colocalized ROI will be placed in each of the nine liver segments (nine separate ROIs) on the baseline and follow‐up MRI examinations. Statistical analysis Plan The analysis will include profiling of patients on different demographic, clinical and laboratory parameters etc. Quantitative data will be presented in terms of means and standard deviation and qualitative/categorical data will be presented as absolute numbers and proportions. To compare between the two groups, the Chi‐squared test or Fisher's exact test will be used for categorical variables, and the independent samples t test or Wilcoxon‐Mann‐Whitney U test will be used for the differences between continuous variables. Pearson correlation coefficient will be used to evaluate correlations between variables. Additional analyses of primary and secondary outcomes within treatment groups will be performed by using two‐tailed independent sample t tests, paired t tests, or non‐parametric tests, when indicated. P‐value < 0.05 is considered statistically significant. SPSS software will be used for analysis. Sample size calculation Investigator assumed that a 5% difference between dulaglutide and control groups would be the minimally appreciable and clinically relevant difference. Based on the results of previous similar clinical studies involving colesevelam and ezetimibe, Investigatorexpected the empagliflozin group to have a liver fat reduction of >5% compared to baseline, the control group to have <1% reduction in liver fat compared to baseline, and a dropout rate of <10%. With these assumptions the sample size per group works out as ≥20 to achieve a power of at least 90% with a β of 0.05. Therefore, Investigator plan to randomize 60 patents, 30 in each group to ensure adequate study power even with dropouts. Change in liver fat from baseline to week 20 in dulaglutide group (m1) = 5.0 unit Change in liver fat from baseline to week 20 in control group (m2) = 1.0 unit Confidence level ‐95% Power ‐ 90% Coefficient of variation = 80% n = (Zα+Zβ)2 * (σ12 + σ22)) / (m1‐m2)2, where Zα is the value of normal distribution corresponding to desired confidence level Zβ is the value of the Normal distribution corresponding to desired power σ1 and σ2 are the standard deviation of the two groups With these assumptions the sample size per group works out as 20. Investigator will randomize 30 in each group to ensure adequate power even after dropouts. Patient confidentiality Precautions will be taken to ensure confidentiality. Data collection forms will not reveal the name of patients included in study. All the participants will be covered by insurance to cover the cost of any untoward effect directly resulting from enrolment in the study.
 Use of metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome;  Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have a myriad of phenotypic and clinical features that may guide therapeutic options for metabolic protection and ovulation induction. The use of metformin may prove beneficial in a subset of the population of women with PCOS. Hyperinsulinemia, as demonstrated by elevated insulin levels on a 2‐hour 75‐g load glucose tolerance test, is an important parameter in deciding whether or not to initiate metformin therapy to women with PCOS with the hope of preventing or delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). Cardiovascular risk factors including markers of subclinical inflammation, and dyslipidemia may also be improved by metformin therapy. For ovulation induction, metformin is not as effective as clomiphene citrate as first‐line therapy for women with PCOS. There are no clear data to suggest that metformin reduces pregnancy loss or improves pregnancy outcome in PCOS, and it is currently recommended that metformin be discontinued with the first positive pregnancy test result, unless there are other medical indications (eg, type 2 DM). This review addresses practical management guidelines for the uses of metformin in women with PCOS. © 2008.
 Clinical trial results of an artificial pancreas (AP) system that anticipates physical activity patterns in type 1 diabetes;  Achieving the glycemic target for people with type 1 diabetes is challenging. Regular exercise improves glycemic control, fitness, body composition and metabolic profiles, with a recommended 150min of exercise weekly, spread over at least 3 days/week. However, glycemic control during and after exercise can be very challenging. Artificial pancreas (AP) systems can lead to reduced exposure to hypoglycemia and increased time in range; however, preventing hypoglycemia during and immediately after exercise remains a challenge. Additional health monitoring data (e.g. heart rate and step counts) improved system's performance during exercise; nonetheless the risk for hypoglycemia was not eliminated. Furthermore, recent work has shown that an 80% reduction of basal infusion in the 90min leading to moderate exercise may allow for optimal glycemia. We present the initial testing of such an exercise‐informed AP system, capable of anticpating regular physical activity patterns. Eighteen adults with T1D (>1year) were enrolled in an openlabelled randomized crossover study (15 completers). All subjects were experienced insulin pump users (>6 months), and had no history of severe hypoglycemia or diabetic ketoacidosis in the past 12 months; pregnancy and clinically significant cardiac conditions we also excluding. Subjects completed a 4‐weeks data collection period followed by two 32h supervised hotel admissions. During the data collection period, data from a continuous glucose monitor (Dexcom G6, Dexcom), activity tracker (Fitbit Charge 2, Fitbit) and subjects' personal insulin pumps were collected. Subjects were instructed to exercise between 4pm and 7pm for at least 30 min/day and at least 4 times per week. Participants were then admitted to the hotel admissions, testing either a standard or an exercise‐informed AP system. Admission started at noon on day 1, and included standardized meals at 1pm, 7pm, 8am, and 1pm; a 3x15min moderate exercise bout occurred at 5:30pm on day 1. During the admission, particpants used a prototype AP system consisting of a t: AP pump (Tandem Diabetes Care), a Dexcom G6 (Dexcom), and an activity tracker (Smartband 2, Sony), all connected to the DiAs platform (UVA) running the chosen algorithm. Exercised‐informed closed loop system significantly reduced the exposure to hypoglycemia during and immediately after exercise by consistently reducing insulin infusion in the hours leading to the bout, with no increased risk of hyperglycemia. AP systems informed by commercially available activity trackers can learn from users exercise behaviors and approipriately anticipate such glycemic disturbances, potentially leading to reduced glycemic risk, and eventually a more automated system.
 Probiotic yogurt effect on diabetes control;  INTERVENTION: control group received conventional yogurt (100gr) twice a day for 8 weeks Intervention 1: Interventionl group received probiotic (100gr) twice a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: control group received conventional yogurt (100gr) twice a day for 8 weeks. Interventionl group received probiotic (100gr) twice a day for 8 weeks Prevention CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose ( FBS ) , blood glucose 2 hours after gloucose consumption. Timepoint: before and after study. Method of measurement: photometry method pars amazon kit. HDL,TG, total cholesterol. Timepoint: before and after study. Method of measurement: by photometry method pars amazon kit. LDL. Timepoint: before and after study. Method of measurement: Fridval formula. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 24 hours recall. Timepoint: before and after. Method of measurement: 24 hours recall intake wrere checked by interview. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetes; 30‐65 years; both sexes, who taking Metformin and Glibenclamide, with no renal diseases (Cr <0.4 mg/dl),high blood pressure (BP<200/110 mmHg), liver diseases. Exclusion criteria: No insulin injection; any changes in using medication; smoking; lactose intolerance; thyroid dysfunction; chronic inflammatory diseases; cardio‐vascular disease; pregnancy; breast feeding; and having any weight loose or weight gain regimes.
 Anti-diabetic Drugs and Fatty Liver Management;  Rational: Type 2 DM is one of the major risk factors for development of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease. The pooled prevalence of fatty liver among diabetics is 54% (95% CI 45%‐64%). Until now there is no well‐established treatment for fatty liver disease. Study setting: Randomized controlled trial Study population: Patients with type 2 DM plus Fatty Liver. NAFLD diagnostic criteria: ‐ Fatty Liver Index (FLI) 60 or more plus Ultrasound features of fatty liver. ‐ Inclusion criteria 1. Age above 18. 2‐ HbA1C less than 10. Sample size: Based on the result reported by Armstrong et al, the proportion of patients on standard care who showed resolution of steatosis versus intervention group on liraglutide was 9% vs 39%, using power of 80%, precision of 5%, the minimal required sample size was 24 for each group and we increased it to 30 to compensate for drop‐out. So, 120 subjects will be divided into 4 equal groups. Study Design: Interventional (Randomized Clinical Trial) Allocation: Randomized Intervention Model: Parallel Assignment Masking: No masking. Study duration: 12 months of follow up Data collection methods and tools 1. Filling the pre‐designed structured interview questionnaire from patients that includes: ‐ Demographic traits: age, sex, marital status, education, occupation and residency. ‐ Habits: smoking, physical exercise, dietary habits, drug use. ‐ Social history, focusing on smoking status, occupation, presence of children at home and plans for future pregnancy (as appropriate). ‐ Drug history 2. Clinical data about: ‐ Present/ past/ family history on thyroid diseases, and autoimmune disease. ‐ Comorbidities: hypertension, coronary heart disease, chronic obstructive air way disease (COPD), obesity and others. ‐ Medications used: dose, frequency and route of administration. ‐ Hospitalization. ‐ Body measures: weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference. ‐ Vital signs: pulse, blood pressure, heart rate. ‐ The compliance was ascertained through direct questioning at each clinic visits and by inspecting her pill bottles. ‐ Patient satisfaction and quality of life will be measured at baseline and at the end of Intervention. 3. Investigations ‐ Lab: HCV Ab, HBsAg, HBcAb, ALT, AST, GGT, FBS, HBA1c, PPBS, Fasting insulin, CBC, Cholesterol, LDL, HDL, TGs, uric acid. ‐ Calculation of the following score FLI, NAFLD‐LFS, FIB‐4, NFS. ‐ Imaging: ultrasound/FIBROSCAN/ MRI. ‐ Adverse effects of the drugs were systematically identified by careful health interview and clinical examinations. T‐Bil, AST, ALT, and hematological values were measured for evaluation at every outpatient clinic visit. Follow‐up All patients were followed up for twelve months: ‐ Dietary follow up. ‐ Liver enzymes (ALT, AST and GGT) at least every 3 months and more if clinically indicated ‐ Scores follow up: NFS and FIB‐4 every 3 months. ‐ Fibroscan at end of 1‐year follow up. ‐ MRI at end of 1‐year follow up.
 Effect of laser on neuropathic pain control in patients with diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The real low power laser: Ga.Al. Ars laser with wave length 630 nm. Intervention 2: The unrealistic low power laser as placebo with a similar device but without the real laser. Placebo Rehabilitation The real low power laser: Ga.Al. Ars laser with wave length 630 nm The unrealistic low power laser as placebo with a similar device but without the real laser CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: Every week. Method of measurement: visual analogue scale (VAS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age more than 18 years, diabetic peripheral polyneuropathy confirmed by electrodiagnostic test, presence of pain with diabetic neuropathy Exclusion criteria: receiving Peripheral analgesic therapies during the study period, unstable systemic illnesses (such as malignancy, uncontrolled thyroid disease, heart failure, disorders in brain circulatory, hematopoietic system disorders, fever with unknown origin, active pulmonary TB), presence of other neurological disorders, presence of pain in other parts of the body, Pregnancy, presence of metal prostheses, drug or alcohol abuse, history of excessive sensitivity to light
 DEVELOPMENT OF A STRATEGY TO PROMOTE PRECONCEPTION CARE AND DIABETES SELF-MANAGEMENT AMONG REPRODUCTIVE-AGED WOMEN WITH DIABETES: THE PREPARED TRIAL;  BACKGROUND: The incidence of diabetes is increasing rapidly among younger adults, many of whom are women of reproductive age. Women with early‐onset type 2 diabetes (T2DM) have a unique risk profile: they are less likely to achieve glycemic control than men and are at higher risk of cardiovascular‐related morbidity and mortality. They are also more likely to experience adverse reproductive outcomes. Achieving glycemic control improves women's own health outcomes and ensures a reproductive risk profile similar to those of women without T2DM, yet >50% of this population has suboptimal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). Our Promoting REproductive Planning, And REadiness in Diabetes (PREPARED) trial uniquely addresses both preconception planning and T2DM care in this population. METHODS: This is an ongoing NIH‐funded, clinic‐cluster randomized controlled trial. We will evaluate the PREPARED strategy against usual care in 33 academic and community health primary care practices in the Chicagoland area. A total of 840 English and Spanish‐speaking women, ages 18‐44 with T2DM, who are not currently pregnant or unable to become pregnant will be recruited. In the PREPARED arm, patients will receive an electronic health record (EHR)‐generated medication reconciliation and reproductive planning tool to complete prior to their clinic visit. During the visit, an EHR alert will prompt the provider to counsel on contraceptive use and/or preconception care. Post‐visit, patients will receive an educational material on reproductive risks and T2DM self‐management; this is generated via the EHR. Finally, patients enrolled in PREPARED will receive a series of text messages over 6 weeks post‐visit to reinforce positive health behaviors. Participants will complete a phone interview at baseline, 1, and 3 months. Outcomes include knowledge of reproductive risks, engagement in reproductive and T2DM health behaviors, and HbA1c. RESULTS: To date, 82 women have been enrolled. The mean age of participants was 37 years (range 18‐44). One‐third were Black (33%) and nearly one‐third were diagnosed with T2DM less than 1 year ago (29%). 35% completed less than a bachelor's degree. At baseline, only 1 in 5 (21%) reported ever receiving preconception counseling and 29% had not used any form of birth control in the last 12 months. Of those not using birth control, one‐third (29%) were hoping to have a baby in the next 2 years. CONCLUSIONS: Initial findings from this ongoing trial reveal opportunities for promoting reproductive health and preconception counseling among this higher‐risk population. Future analyses will examine the effectiveness of PREPARED in improving these outcomes.
 Preliminary evidence of effects of potassium chloride on a metabolomic path to diabetes and cardiovascular disease;  Introduction: Low potassium intake can affect cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and cardiometabolic risk factors. Objective: We hypothesize that potassium chloride (KCl) supplementation can improve cardiovascular risk metabolomic profile. Methods: In this secondary analysis of a pilot randomized clinical trial (RCT) of 26 participants with prediabetes randomized to KCl or placebo, we performed targeted mass‐spectrometry‐based metabolomic profiling on baseline and 12‐week (end‐of‐study) plasma samples. Principal component analysis (PCA) was used to reduce the many correlated metabolites into fewer, independent factors that retain most of the information in the original data. Results: Those taking KCl had significant reductions (corresponding to lower cardiovascular risk) in the branched‐chain amino acids (BCAA) factor (P = 0.004) and in valine levels (P = 0.02); and non‐significant reductions in short‐chain acylcarnitines (SCA) factor (P = 0.11). Conclusions: KCl supplementation may improve circulating BCAA levels, which may reflect improvements in overall cardiometabolic risk profile. Clinical Trials Registry: Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT02236598; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02236598.
 The effect of reflexology on postpartum pain and postpartum hemorrhage;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: After leaving the placenta, without informing the mother, in the intervention group, 4 minutes of massage were performed on each leg of the mother, and then 2 minutes of specific reflexology in each of the uterus, pituitary, solar network is performed in rotational pressure. The time needed for both feet is 20 minutes. This operation is also repeated at the second hour after childbirth. Intervention 2: Control group: There will be no intervention in the control group. CONDITION: Postpartum hemorrhage,after pain. ; Postpartum hemorrhage PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bleeding the fourth stage of labor. Timepoint: An hour and two hours after the intervention. Method of measurement: Bleeding measurement by disposable weighing method and pads, before and after use. Severity of after pain. Timepoint: At first, second, third and fourth postpartum. Method of measurement: Visual Scale of Pain. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclination to participate in research Iranian race Age 18 to 35 years old Lack of uterus of fibroids (based on mother's statement or ultrasonography before giving birth) Having no history of postpartum hemorrhage Pregnancy second or third The gestational age is 42‐37 weeks of gestation (based on the first day of the last menstruation or first trimester ultrasound) Singleton Lack of high risk pregnancy (pregnancy hypertension, placental abnormalities such as dexamethasone, placenta perioia, placenta acetate, curium amnio nitis, gestational diabetes mellitus) Unexplained erythematosus (polyhydramnios) Cephalic presentation No cuts, burns, fungal infections, varicose veins, warts, corns or numbness in the legs. The absence of contagious skin diseases such as scabies, chicken pox, yellow wounds Lack of deep venous thrombosis Not having fast delivery The second stage is less than an hour No rupture or episiotomy Non‐use
 The effect of Turmeric on blood Indicators and blood pressure in hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetes mellitus patients;  INTERVENTION: group receiving turmeric:capsules containing 800mg turmeric, three a day for 8 weeks Intervention 1: group receiving turmeric:capsules containing 800mg turmeric, three a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: placebo group receiving :capsules containing 800mg of corn starch, three a day for 8 weeks. Placebo placebo group receiving :capsules containing 800mg of corn starch, three a day for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus E11,E12,E1 hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. ; Diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Apo A‐I. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory Kit. Apo B‐100. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. CRP. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: sphygmomanometer. Fasting Insulin. Timepoint: 8 week. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. FBS. Timepoint: 8 week. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. HbA1C. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. HDL. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory Kit. LDL. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory Kit. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: sphygmomanometer. TAC. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Total Cholesterol (TC). Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Triglyceride (TG). Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willingness to participate in the study; People with type 2 diabetes; Aged people with 30 to 70 years of age; Aged people with 30 to 70 years of age; People having HbA1c above 6; Patients with TG>150mg/dl, LDL above 100mg/dl; Lack of consumption of multivitamin; supplements, antioxidants, polyphenols, since last three months; BMI 20 – 35 . Exclusion criteria of the study: Participants of the study under treatment had no changes in consumption of medicine; Patients having fasting blood glucose >200mg/dl or LDL>160mg/dl were excluded from the study; Changes in dose and type of medication; Inclusion criteria for the study: Acute cardiac disease, renal failure, liver and thyroid disease; Rejection of turmeric powder supplement. actation or pregnancy; Severe gastrointestinal disease and gastric ulcers; Risk of gall stones Changes in physical activity and diet;
 Comparison of efficacy and safety of detemir and glargine in the management of inpatient hyperglycemia and diabetes;  This retrospective study compared the efficacy and safety of detemir and glargine for the management of hyperglycemia and diabetes in non‐ICU medical and surgical patients. Adult patients admitted to Emory‐affiliated hospitals, Atlanta from 1/1/2012 to 09/30/2015 and Mount Sinai Hospital, New York from 01/1/15 and 09/30/2015 were included. Data was collected from the electronic medical records at the study sites. We excluded patients with hyperglycemic crisis (DKA, HHS) and pregnancy. Major outcomes included differences in mean and daily blood glucose (BG), composite of complications (hospital and 30‐day mortality, major cardiovascular events, cerebrovascular events, respiratory failure and acute kidney injury) and hypoglycemic events between groups. A total of 8100 patients treated with detemir (n=624) or glargine (n=7476) were analyzed. There were no differences in glycemic control, composite of complications or in the frequency of hypoglycemic events between treatment groups (Table). In summary, treatment with detemir and glargine results in similar efficacy and safety profiles in the management of hyperglycemia in non‐ICU settings. A prospective randomized trial is needed to confirm these results. (Table Presented).
 Efficacy and safety of finerenone in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the clinical diagnosis of diabetic kidney disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 10 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 10 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 20 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 20 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Type II Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetic Kidney Disease ; MedDRA version: 20.1 Level: PT Classification code 10061835 Term: Diabetic nephropathy System Organ Class: 10038359 ‐ Renal and urinary disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Demonstrate whether, in addition to standard of care, finerenone is superior to placebo in delaying the time to first occurrence of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the clinical diagnosis of diabetic kidney disease. Primary end point(s): Time to first occurrence of the composite endpoint of CV death or non‐fatal CV event (i.e. myocardial infarction, stroke, or hospitalization for HF). Secondary Objective: •Delays the time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of =40% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death; •Delays the time to all‐cause hospitalization; •Delays the time to all‐cause mortality; •Change in UACR from baseline to Month 4; •Delays the time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: ; onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease in eGFR of =57% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: From randomization (Visit 1) until the end of study following the study termination decision, approximately from 18 to 36 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: ; onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease of eGFR = 40% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death ; Time to all‐cause hospitalization ; Time to all‐cause mortality ; Change in UACR from baseline to Month 4 ; Time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease in eGFR of = 57% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For all endpoints: ; From randomization (Visit 1) until the end of study following the study termination decision, approximately from 18 to 36 months ; ; Except endpoint*: ; Frombaseline / randomization to Month 4 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Men or women aged 18 years and older. The lower age limit may be higher if legally required in the participating country. ‐ Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative at the screening visit and if they agree to use adequate contraception. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). Women are considered post‐menopausal and not of child‐bearing potential if they have had 12 months of natural (spontaneous) amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile (e.g. age appropriate) or 6 months of spontaneous amenorrhea with serum FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL [for US only: FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL and estradiol < 20 pg/mL] or have had surgical treatment such as bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral ovare
 The effect of nettle extract in diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Extract nettle for 8 weeks, received 100mg/kg 3 main meal Intervention 1: Extract nettle for 8 weeks, received 100mg/kg 3 main meal. Intervention 2: Water and green food preparation for 8 weeks after 3 main meal. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs Water and green food preparation for 8 weeks after 3 main meal CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus, Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus E10‐11 Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus, Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose level. Timepoint: Before study and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Fasting blood glucose concentrations. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood insulin. Timepoint: Early Intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Insulin concentration. Cholesterol. Timepoint: Early Intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Cholesterol concentration. HDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: Early Intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: HDL‐cholesterol concentration. LDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: Early Intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: LDL‐cholesterol concentratiom. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Early Intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Triglyceride concentration. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: both genders over the age of 30 years old and common diabetes drugs usage(metformin, glibenclamid). Exclusion criteria: patients with renal disorder; cardiovascular, liver, infections, thyroid diseases, allergies; use of NSAIDS (non steroid anti inflammatory drugs); use of estrogen and progestron drugs; pregnancy and breastfeeding and participate in other trials.
 A comparison of 150mg and 75mg aspirin for preventing preterm preeclampsia and associated fetal growth restriction amongst women at risk in Abuja: a randomised controlled study;  INTERVENTION: CONDITION: ; Pregnancy and Childbirth PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1 ‐Preeclampsia, defined as systolic blood pressure at =140 mm Hg and/or diastolic blood pressure at =90 mm Hg on at least two occasions measured 4 hours apart in previously normotensive women and new onset proteinuria (i.e., =2+ on dipstick) at or after 20 weeks of gestation.; 2 ‐Preeclampsia‐associated fetal growth restriction, defined as abdominal circumference <3rd centile at <32 weeks’ gestation (early‐onset) and =32 weeks’ gestation (late‐onset) respectively.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1 ‐ Any of the other features of severity in preeclampsia including: acute kidney injury (creatinine =90 µmol/L; 1mg/dL); liver involvement (elevated transaminases, e.g. alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase >40 IU/L) with or without right upper quadrant or epigastric abdominal pain; haematological complications (thrombocytopenia–platelet count <150,000/µL, disseminated intravascular coagulation, haemolysis); neurological complications (e.g. severe headaches, persistent visual scotomata, eclampsia, altered mental status, blindness, stroke, clonus); or uteroplacental dysfunction (stillbirth). ; 2 ‐ Possible adverse effects of aspirin among participants such as upper abdominal (epigastric) pain, upper gastrointestinal bleeding e.g., haematochezia or haematemesis, antepartum haemorrhage (APH). ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: i Presence of one high risk factor for preeclampsia: Previous history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, autoimmune diseases (SLE and APS), chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus. ii Presence of two or more moderate risk factors for preeclampsia: =35 years, first pregnancy, nulliparity, BMI =30kg/m2, pregnancy interval >10 years, family history of preeclampsia, personal history (low birth weight or small for gestational age, and previous adverse pregnancy outcome). iii Willingness to be followed up until 37 weeks or occurrence of outcome.
 Efficacy and safety of finerenone in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the clinical diagnosis of diabetic kidney disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 10 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 10 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 20 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 20 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Type II Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetic Kidney Disease ; MedDRA version: 20.1 Level: PT Classification code 10061835 Term: Diabetic nephropathy System Organ Class: 10038359 ‐ Renal and urinary disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Demonstrate whether, in addition to standard of care (SoC), finerenone is superior to placebo in delaying the progression of kidney disease, as measured by the composite endpoint of time to first occurrence of kidney failure, a sustained decrease of eGFR = 40% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death Primary end point(s): Time to the first occurrence of the composite endpoint of onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease of eGFR = 40% from baseline over at least 4 weeks and renal death. Secondary Objective: Determine whether, in addition to SoC, finerenone compared to placebo:; • Delays the time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: cardiovascular (CV) death or non‐fatal CV events (i.e. non fatal myocardial infarction, non‐fatal stroke, hospitalization for heart failure [HF]); • Delays the time to all‐cause mortality; • Delays the time to all‐cause hospitalizations; • Change in UACR from baseline to Month 4; • Delays the time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint:; onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease in eGFR of =57% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: From randomization (Visit 1) until the end of study following the study termination decision, approximately from 16 to 40 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ Time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: cardiovascular death or non‐fatal cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, hospitalization for heart failure) ; ‐ Time to all‐cause mortality ; ‐ Time to all‐cause hospitalizations ; ‐ Change in UACR from baseline to Month 4* ; ‐ Time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint:onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease in eGFR of =57% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: For all endpoints: ; From randomization (Visit 1) until the end of study following the study termination decision, approximately from 16 to 40 months ; ; Except * ; At baseline / randomization (Visit 1) and Month 4 INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Men or women aged 18 years and older. The lower age limit may be higher if legally required in the participating country. ‐ Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative at the Screening Visit and if they agree to use adequate contraception. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). Women are considered post‐menopausal and not of child bearing potential if they have had 12 months of natural (spontaneous) amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile (e.g. age appropriate) or 6 months of spontaneous amenorrhea with serum FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL [for US only: FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL and estradiol < 20 pg/mL] or have had surgical treatment such as bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral ovarec
 Mesenchymal stem cells derived from perinatal tissues for treatment of critically ill COVID-19-induced ARDS patients: a case series;  Background: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a fatal complication of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID‐19). There are a few reports of allogeneic human mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) as a potential treatment for ARDS. In this phase 1 clinical trial, we present the safety, feasibility, and tolerability of the multiple infusions of high dose MSCs, which originated from the placenta and umbilical cord, in critically ill COVID‐19‐induced ARDS patients. Methods: A total of 11 patients diagnosed with COVID‐19‐induced ARDS who were admitted to the intensive care units (ICUs) of two hospitals enrolled in this study. The patients were critically ill with severe hypoxemia and required mechanical ventilation. The patients received three intravenous infusions (200 × 106 cells) every other day for a total of 600 × 106 human umbilical cord MSCs (UC‐MSCs; 6 cases) or placental MSCs (PL‐MSCs; 5 cases). Findings: There were eight men and three women who were 42 to 66 years of age. Of these, six (55%) patients had comorbidities of diabetes, hypertension, chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), and cardiomyopathy (CMP). There were no serious adverse events reported 24–48 h after the cell infusions. We observed reduced dyspnea and increased SpO2 within 48–96 h after the first infusion in seven patients. Of these seven patients, five were discharged from the ICU within 2–7 days (average: 4 days), one patient who had signs of acute renal and hepatic failure was discharged from the ICU on day 18, and the last patient suddenly developed cardiac arrest on day 7 of the cell infusion. Significant reductions in serum levels of tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α; P < 0.01), IL‐8 (P < 0.05), and C‐reactive protein (CRP) (P < 0.01) were seen in all six survivors. IL‐6 levels decreased in five (P = 0.06) patients and interferon gamma (IFN‐γ) levels decreased in four (P = 0.14) patients. Four patients who had signs of multi‐organ failure or sepsis died in 5–19 days (average: 10 days) after the first MSC infusion. A low percentage of lymphocytes (< 10%) and leukocytosis were associated with poor outcome (P = 0.02). All six survivors were well with no complaints of dyspnea on day 60 post‐infusion. Radiological parameters of the lung computed tomography (CT) scans showed remarkable signs of recovery. Interpretation: We suggest that multiple infusions of high dose allogeneic prenatal MSCs are safe and can rapidly improve respiratory distress and reduce inflammatory biomarkers in some critically ill COVID‐19‐induced ARDS cases. Patients that develop sepsis or multi‐organ failure may not be good candidates for stem cell therapy. Large randomized multicenter clinical trials are needed to discern the exact therapeutic potentials of MSC in COVID‐19‐induced ARDS.
 EXPLORING THE ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN HEALTH-RELATED POLYGENIC SCORES AND PARTICIPATION IN THE NORWEGIAN MOTHER AND CHILD PREGNANCY COHORT (MOBA);  Background: Recent studies in UK cohorts have shown that polygenic scores for a range of health‐related factors (e.g. mental and somatic disorders, educational attainment, and lifestyle factors) are related to the likelihood of becoming or remaining a participant. Here, we extend this work by including a broader range of polygenic scores (e.g., for immune‐related and cardiovascular conditions) and using a family trio design in the Norwegian Mother and Child Pregnancy Cohort Study (MoBa). We aim to examine the associations between maternal and paternal polygenic scores and their own and their partner's participation, and between offspring polygenic scores and parental participation. Methods: In MoBa, blood samples were taken from the parents during pregnancy and from the child at birth (cord blood). During the recruitment period (1999 to 2008), invitations were sent to women in 277,702 pregnancies, with a participation rate of 41%. We use longitudinal data on participation for individuals initially consenting, based on 11 different data collections from pregnancy until the children were 8 years old. In total, 95,200 mothers and 75,200 fathers have participated in one or more of the data collections, reporting on more than 114,000 children. The initially consenting mothers have been invited to complete nine follow‐up questionnaires, and two questionnaires have been sent to the fathers. The participation rate ranged from 49% to 95%. Polygenic scores were calculated for mental disorders (e.g. schizophrenia [SCZ], autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder [ADHD], major depressive disorder), educational attainment, personality (e.g. agreeableness, neuroticism), lifestyle (e.g. BMI, smoking), and somatic illnesses (e.g. immune‐related and cardiometabolic diseases). GWAS of participation in ALSPAC and UK Biobank were also used to calculate genetic scores in MoBa. Using the PRSice software, each score was calculated based on several p‐value thresholds. Associations of standardized polygenic scores with participation phenotypes were investigated using Poisson (for count variables, i.e. number of returned questionnaires) and logistic (for binary participation variables, i.e. returned the 8‐year questionnaire) regression models. Covariates included chip, offspring sex and birth year, and the first 10 genetic principal components. Results: Preliminary analyses in the 15,000 randomly selected trios genotyped so far indicate that genetic scores for a wide range of health‐related variables are associated with participation in MoBa. Associations were observed both within and across family members: Maternal genetic scores for ADHD, SCZ, and type 2 diabetes, were negatively associated both with the total number of questionnaires returned, with returning the most recent questionnaire, and with participating in MoBa with more than one pregnancy. The genetic scores for participation (based on UK samples) were positively associated with participation in MoBa. Maternal genetic scores for ADHD and participation were also associated with their partner's participation. After adjusting for maternal genetic scores, there was a negative association between offspring genetic score for ADHD and maternal participation. Discussion: Our results suggest that trios that participate in MoBa are different to those who are missing members. This could cause selection and collider bias in genetic epidemiology, e.g. in Mendelian Randomization studies. Disclosure: Nothing to disclose.
 OPTIONS FOR OBESITY AND TYPE 2 DIABETES GLP-1 ANALOGS FOR THE TREATMENT OF OBESITY;  The classic approach to obesity treatment is a ''treat to failure'' model. If patients fail to lose weight or regain lost weight, they progressively escalate in a stepwise fashion to more intensive therapies, from lifestyle/behavioural therapy to pharmacotherapy and bariatric surgery. Weight loss that is associated with clinically impactful outcomes for most adiposity based chronic disease (ABCD) is 10 to 20%. The marked increment in efficacy of modern anti‐obesity medications (AOMs) permits the weight loss within this range of magnitude as a new treatment target. The first AOM that fully enables such ''treat to target'' approach is GLP‐1 receptor agonist (RA) semaglutide 2.4 mg. The safety and efficacy of semaglutide was evaluated in The Semaglutide Treatment Effect in People with Obesity (STEP) Phase 3a clinical development program. STEP 2 enrolled patients with overweight or obesity with type 2 diabetes (T2D), while the remaining STEP studies (STEP 1, 3 and 4) enrolled patients with overweight and at least one weight‐related comorbidity or obesity without T2D. Semaglutide safely produces ≥10% placebo subtracted weight loss in 69.1‐75.3% of patients without T2D and in 45.6% of patients with T2D. The estimated treatment differences for semaglutide versus placebo were 10.3 to 17.4%. More than half of patients lost ≥15%, up to 35% of patients were able to achieve ≥20% weight loss as an adjunct to lifestyle. In STEP 5 semaglutide led to clinically impactful and sustained weight loss of 15.2% at week 104 in adults with obesity without T2D, along with improvements in weight related cardiometabolic risk factors. The ongoing study SELECT was designed to see if semaglutide may reduce the risk of having cardiovascular events in patients with prior cardiovascular disease and will be completed in 2023. Significantly more females than males in STEP 1, 3 and 4, while in STEP 2, a distribution between females and males was more even. Understanding some inter‐sex related difference in efficacy and some sex‐specific effects of GLP‐1 RAs is important to further improve therapeutic approaches in obesity care. GLP‐1 RAs is being studied in women with obesity and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The ovulation rate and menstrual frequency improved with GLP‐1 RAs exenatide and liraglutide. Short‐term preconception intervention with exenatide resulted in an increase of natural pregnancy rates in overweight and obesewomen with PCOS. A pilot study showed that preconception treatment with liraglutide increased pregnancy rates for patients with PCOS undergoing in vitro fertilization who responded poorly to first line reproductive treatment. In another pilot study liraglutide was superior to testosterone replacement therapy in improving an overall health benefit in men with obesity‐associated functional hypogonadism after lifestyle intervention failed. The great advances are being seen in the use of GLP‐1 receptor agonists in combination with multi‐agonist unimolecular peptides, such as glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), gastrin, amylin analogue, and others. GLP‐1 RAs and other developing therapeutic tools will change the way clinicians approach obesity and the prognosis of many ABCDs.
 Action to Control Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes (ACCORD);  BACKGROUND: Currently, about 17 million Americans have been diagnosed with diabetes and more than 90 percent of them have type 2 diabetes. The number of people with this form of diabetes, formerly known as adult onset or non‐insulin dependent diabetes, is growing rapidly. By 2050, the number of Americans with diagnosed diabetes is projected to increase by 165 percent to 29 million, of whom 27 million will have the type 2 form. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in people with type 2 diabetes; these individuals die of CVD at rates two to four times higher than those who do not have diabetes. They also experience more nonfatal heart attacks and strokes. Type 2 diabetes is associated with older age and is more common in those who are overweight or obese and have a family history of diabetes. Women with a history of diabetes during pregnancy, adults with impaired glucose tolerance, people with a sedentary lifestyle, and members of a minority race/ethnicity are also at a greater risk for developing type 2 diabetes. African Americans, Hispanic/Latino Americans, American Indians, and some Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders are at particularly high risk for type 2 diabetes. DESIGN NARRATIVE: The three strategies tested in ACCORD included the following: (1) Blood sugar ‐ ACCORD was designed to determine whether lowering blood glucose to a level closer to normal than called for in current guidelines reduces CVD risk. The study estimated effects on CVD of that level compared with a level that is usually targeted. (2) Blood pressure ‐ many people with type 2 diabetes have high blood pressure. The blood pressure part of the trial was designed to determine the effects of lowering blood pressure in the context of good blood sugar control, that is to determine whether lowering blood pressure to normal (systolic pressure less than 120 mm Hg) will better reduce CVD risk, as compared to a usually‐targeted level in current clinical practice (i.e., below the definition of hypertension; systolic pressure less than 140 mm Hg). (3) Blood Fats ‐ Many people with diabetes have high levels of LDL ("bad") cholesterol and triglycerides, as well as low levels of HDL ("good") cholesterol. ACCORD participants who are selected for this part of the trial were assigned to an intervention to improve blood fat levels. This part of the study looked at the effects of lowering LDL cholesterol and blood triglycerides and increasing HDL cholesterol compared to an intervention that only lowers LDL cholesterol, all in the context of good blood sugar control. A drug from a class of drugs called "fibrates" was used to lower triglycerides and increase HDL cholesterol, whereas a drug from the class of drugs called "statins" was used to lower LDL cholesterol. All ACCORD participants received blood sugar treatment from the study. Based on the second trial (Blood Pressure or Lipid) they were assigned to, participants also received their high blood pressure or cholesterol care from the study. Study participants received all medication and treatments related to the study free of charge. Individuals who selected for and consented to participate in the ACCORD study continued to see their personal physician for all other health care. In summary, the ACCORD Study was a double 2x2 factorial design with factors consisting of: intensive versus standard glycemic control, intensive versus standard blood pressure control, and blinded fenofibrate or placebo in combination with simvastatin to maintain desirable LDL‐C levels. All 10,251 participants were randomized to the glycemic interventions; a subgroup of 4,733 participants who met the blood pressure entry criteria were randomized to the blood pressure interventions in one 2x2 trial; and a distinct subgroup of 5,518 participants who met the lipid entry criteria were randomized to the lipid interventions in the second 2x2 trial. All participants had established type 2 diabetes and were recruited from 77 clinical centers in the United States (64 sites) and Canada (13 sites). On February 6, 2008, the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) announced that participants in the intensive glycemia treatment would be transitioned to the ACCORD standard glycemic treatment approach due to higher mortality in the intensive treatment group terminating the experimental arm of the Glycemia Trial early. The Blood Pressure and Lipid trials continued as designed to their planned termination in 2009.
 Aspirin Effect on Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a High-Risk Cohort;  Recently, the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines revised the recommendations for diagnosis of chronic hypertension. The new classification system includes a diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension in adults with blood pressures 130 to 139/80 to 89 mm Hg. We sought to compare outcomes among women at high risk for preeclampsia with stage 1 hypertension and assessed whether women with stage 1 hypertension had benefit from aspirin treatment compared with high‐risk normotensive women. We performed a secondary analysis of the high‐risk aspirin trial and included women with prior preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Among these women, 827 (81%) were classified as normotensive, whereas 193 (19%) were classified as stage 1 hypertensive. Among women receiving placebo, preeclampsia occurred significantly more often in women with stage 1 hypertension compared with normotensive high‐risk women after adjustment for maternal age and body mass index (39.1% versus 15.1%; risk ratio, 2.49; 95% confidence interval, 1.74‐3.55). Further, women with stage 1 hypertension had a significant risk reduction related to aspirin prophylaxis (risk ratio, 0.61; 95% confidence interval, 0.39‐0.94) that was not seen in normotensive high‐risk women (risk ratio, 0.97; 95% confidence interval, 0.70‐1.34). Application of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines in a high‐risk population demonstrates that in the setting of other risk factors, the presence of stage 1 hypertension is associated with a significantly increased risk of preeclampsia when compared with high‐risk normotensive women. These findings emphasize the importance of recognition of stage 1 hypertension as an additive risk factor in women at high risk for preeclampsia and the benefit of aspirin.
 Lowering blood pressure in particular patient groups;  In certain groups of patients, treatment of high blood pressure raises particular problems. These groups include, for instance, older people, those with co‐existing disease (such as renal disease or diabetes), those of certain racial origin and pregnant women. Here, we discuss the use of antihypertensive drugs in such groups.
 The Middle East Dual Anti-platelet Treatment in Acute Transient Ischemic Attack;  Transient Ischemic Attacks (TIAs) are common, easily misdiagnosed, not investigated appropriately and are often harbingers of disabling strokes. A TIA is best defined as an episode of neurological dysfunction caused by focal ischemia that lasts for less than 24 hours (very often less than an hour). Minor stroke (NIHSS of <3) is often lumped together with TIAs. The distinction between minor ischemic stroke and TIA is unimportant in terms of prognosis. Numerous studies have shown that short‐term risk of stroke is high after TIA and minor ischemic stroke, particularly in the first few days, even in patients treated with aspirin, the current standard of care. In patients with TIAs and minor stroke effective therapies can significantly reduce the overall burden of stroke if initiated immediately. The recently completed CHANCE study comprising more than 5000 patients with TIAs and minor stroke showed that a short course of combination antiplatelet medications (ASA+clopidogrel) for 3 weeks significantly reduced the 90‐day risk of stroke when compared to ASA treatment. There are three trials where patients with TIAs and minor strokes were treated early after onset of symptoms with combination treatment with clopidogrel and ASA versus ASA alone. FASTER was a pilot trial based in Canada (5). It evaluated clopidogrel (300 mg load and 75 mg/day afterwards) on a background of aspirin in patients presenting within 24 hours of a TIA or minor stroke. The trial enrolled 392 patients. The risk of stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic) at 90 days was 11% in those treated with aspirin alone and 7% in those treated with clopidogrel and aspirin, a non‐significant 36% relative risk reduction (RRR) in this pilot trial (p=0.19). There were two Intra cerebral hemorrhages(ICHs) and these were both in patients treated with clopidogrel and ASA. The recently completed CHANCE trial (5170 patients enrolled within 24 hours of symptom‐onset) from China showed that in patients with high‐risk TIAs and minor strokes, there was a significant absolute reduction of early stroke at 90 days from 11.7 % to 8.2 % hazard ration (HR) 0.68, 95% Confidence interval (CI) 0.57‐0.81; p<0.001) in patients treated with a combination of ASA and clopidogrel for 21 days compared to ASA alone (13). Similar to the EXPRESS study (3), most of the strokes developed in the initial days following the TIA. The observation that strokes occur very early, as is evident from EXPRESS and CHANCE suggests that perhaps the vascular pathology responsible for the events begins to heal rapidly once antiplatelet therapy is initiated. This allows for the possibility that shorter duration combination antiplatelet therapy may also be as effective as the 21 days treatment in CHANCE or the 30 days treatment in the NIH funded POINT trial. A prospective study that compares the outcome of stroke, MI or death at 90 days in patients treated with 10 days or 30 days of dual antiplatelet therapy will therefore be very useful. If the shorter duration dual antiplatelet therapy is as effective as the longer duration dual antiplatelet treatment, this will result in lower costs and the lower risk of side effects in stroke prevention in high‐risk TIA patients. Hypothesis: STUDY OBJECTIVES Clopidogrel treatment will be offered in the following manner: Day 1: 8 tablets of clopidogrel 75 mg (loading dose of 600 mg) From D2 to D10 or D2 to D30: one tablet of clopidogrel 75 mg The short duration use of dual antiplatelet agents for 10 days is as effective as a longer duration of 30 days or longer. The shorter duration treatment will however result in fewer hemorrhagic complications. The Primary Specific Aim of this randomized, multicenter clinical trial is to determine whether a 10 day course of treatment with clopidogrel 75 mg/day by mouth after a loading dose of 600 mg is as effective a similar treatment for 30 days in improving survival free from ischemic vascular events (ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, and ischemic vascular death) at 90 days when subjects are randomized within 24 hours of time last known free of new ischemic symptoms in patients receiving aspirin 50‐325 mg/day as the long‐term antiplatelet therapy. There will be several secondary aims of the study, including comparison of the risk of major and minor hemorrhage, the risk of recurrent TIAs or minor stroke at 10‐day, 30‐day and 90‐day evaluations and the measuring severity of any stroke in the two arms in the 90 days of follow‐up. The NIHSS will be used for assessment of the severity of the stroke. Participation Centers During the course of the trial, approximately 10‐15 sites will enroll approximately 1200 subjects with TIA or minor ischemic stroke. Before enrolling subjects into the study, all collaborating sites will obtain approval from local institutional review boards (IRBs), which will have access to all study documentation and educational materials. Study Population The study will include both TIA and minor ischemic stroke. Neurological impairment at the time of enrollment is expected to be minimal since the deficits prompting diagnosis will have largely resolved. Vascular risk factors, including diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease, are expected to be common. Pregnant women will be excluded from the study because the safety of clopidogrel is not established in this population, and this drug may increase risk of harm to the fetus. Women at risk for pregnancy (see Exclusion Criteria) will also be excluded. No other vulnerable population will be excluded from the study. TREATMENTS Study Drugs This randomized study is primarily designed to compare a clopidogrel/aspirin combination versus an aspirin alone regimen for 10 days versus 30 days. This is an open‐label design. Patients and physicians will be aware of the study medications. Aspirin tablets will be open label with the dose in a range 50‐325 mg daily determined by the treating physician. A dose of 162 mg daily x 5 days, followed by 81 mg daily will be strongly recommended. All patients will be on ASA 50‐325 for the 90 days until the final assessment. Assignment to a Treatment Group The randomization will take place locally. To keep the study simple, sequential subjects will be randomized to 10 days (even number recruitment) and 30 day (odd number recruitment). All centers will recruit competitively into the trial.
 Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) and the proform of the eosinophil major basic protein (ProMBP) are associated with increased risk of death in heart failure patients;  Risk stratification and patient management in heart failure (HF) is difficult due to the unpredictable progression of the disease, necessitating the development of reliable diagnostic biomarkers to facilitate decision‐making in clinical practice. Pregnancy‐associated plasma protein‐A (PAPP‐A) is a marker of arteriosclerotic heart disease. PAPP‐A is a serum protease, which is involved in the insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) axis where it is inhibited by the proform of the eosinophil major basic protein (proMBP). In this study, we evaluated serum PAPP‐A and proMBP as long‐term prognostic biomarkers of all‐cause mortality in HF. Serum PAPP‐A and proMBP concentrations were determined in 683 patients with NYHA III–IV HF recruited in the EchoCardiography and Heart Study (ECHOS) in Denmark. The mean age of the patients (73% male) was 70 at admission. During 7 years of follow‐up, 516 patients died. In univariate analysis, both PAPP‐A and proMBP, divided into quartiles, showed significant association with mortality. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, hazard ratios for continuous values of PAPP‐A and proMBP were HR = 1.42 (CI = 1.23–1.64, p < 0.0001) and HR = 1.36 (CI = 1.22–1.51, p <0.0001), respectively. However, neither PAPP‐A nor proMBP were significant independent predictors when the model included age, gender, brain‐type natriuretic peptide, medical history of HF, ischemic heart disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and diabetes mellitus. In conclusion, high levels of PAPP‐A and proMBP are associated with increased risk of death from all causes in HF and are potential prognostic markers of adverse outcomes in HF patients.
 Selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors. A population-based analysis of use in France over a three-year period and comparison with randomised clinical trials;  OBJECTIVES: The use of selective cyclooxygenase‐2 (COX‐2) inhibitors is highly controversial today, mainly because of doubts about cardiovascular tolerance. Few studies have assessed the use of these drugs in daily clinical practice. This study aims to assess the changes in their use in daily practice in France and to compare it with their use in randomized clinical trials. METHODS: The French National Health Insurance Fund AMPI database of self‐employed workers in non‐agricultural occupations was used to obtain the following information: patients requesting reimbursement for celecoxib and rofecoxib between November 2000 and October 2003, morbidity assessed by enrollment on the lists of chronic diseases for which care is fully (100%) reimbursed, pregnancy (assessed by the payment of physicians' or hospital fees for delivery or by maternity benefits), and concomitant drugs (by claims for reimbursement). We compared these patients with those in randomized clinical trials (RCT) of celecoxib or rofecoxib published in either English or French before November 2003; we focused on their demographic characteristics, morbidity, pregnancy and concomitant drug use. RESULTS: Use of COX‐2 inhibitors in France did not vary over the study period, except for patients' mean age (range: 64.2‐62.9 years), proportion of women (56.7%‐54.7%) and use of gastroprotective drugs (18.2%‐28.4%). The mean age of patients in our study was 10 years older than that of RCT patients, and the proportion of women in our study was 15% lower. The percentage of women who took these drugs while pregnant was 0.02% in our study and 0.09% in the RCT. The percentage of patients with long‐term chronic disorders overall was higher in our study than in the RCT, and the percentage for all specific long‐term diseases except rheumatoid arthritis was also higher (for example, more patients had cardiovascular diseases or diabetes in our study [15%] than in the RCT [6%]). Patients in our study also used concomitant drugs from 9 of the 14 principal Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical classification groups more frequently than RCT patients: for cardiovascular drugs, for example, the figures were 55% and 5%, respectively. CONCLUSION: The demographic characteristics, prevalence of chronic morbidity and use of concomitant drugs among COX‐2 inhibitor users in France varied little over the three years after marketing approval. Compared with RCT patients, these users were less often female, were older and more often had cardiovascular diseases. Cardiovascular events occurring among COX‐2 inhibitor users in France should be evaluated.
 Periodontal disease ñ a further potentially modifiable risk factor limiting conception ñ a case for a pre-pregnancy dental check-up?;  Introduction: There is increasing evidence of an association of poor oral health with several clinically important medical conditions. Periodontal disease is a chronic infectious and inflammatory disease of the gums and its supporting tissues, and has been associated with cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, respiratory disease, kidney disease and has been associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. It is believed that up to 10% of the population have severe periodontal disease. Periodontal disease is a descriptive term used to describe inflammation of the gingiva. It is caused by specific anaerobic bacteria within the periodontal pocket and as infection takes hold, a cascade of tissuedestructive pathways ensues fuelled by inflammatory mediators, which may pass into the circulation. Periodontal disease is treatable with good oral hygiene and dental care, and consequently is a modifiable variable that may lead to improvements in adult health. To date, there are no published studies describing the influence of periodontal disease on a woman's chance of conceiving. The purpose of this study was to assess the time to conception in women with periodontal disease in a prospective pregnancy cohort, the SMILE study. Materials and Methods: The Smile Study was a single centre randomized controlled trial of treatment for periodontal disease in mid‐pregnancy conducted at seven sites in one city. Periodontal disease was defined as presence of periodontal pockets ≥ 4mm in depth at 12 or more probing sites in fully erupted teeth. A questionnaire was then administered to obtain data on demographic, dental and medical aspects of the woman's health. Included in the questionnaire were questions related to time taken to conceive (TTC), whether the pregnancy was planned and whether the woman had required any fertility treatment to conceive. Results: Out of 3737 pregnant women recruited into the study, pregnancy planning and pregnancy outcomes were available in 3576 women. After further exclusion of 160 women who conceived after fertility treatment, 3416 women (91.4%) were analysed. Of these 1,014 (26.4%) were confirmed to have evidence of periodontal disease. Information on TTC was available from 1,956 women. For 146 women the TTC was greater than 12 months. They were significantly older by one year than the TTC < 1 year, more likely to be non‐ Caucasian, have a BMI exceeding 25, and be a smoker. The prevalence of periodontal disease was significantly greater in the TTC > 12 month group (34.9% vs 25.7%, p = 0.015). The mean TTC in women with periodontal disease was 7.1 months (CI. 5.7‐8.6) and was 5.0 months in women without disease (CI 4.4‐5.5, p = 0.019). Periodontal disease was present in 23.8% of Caucasian women and 41.4% non‐Caucasian women. Multivariate analyses (with simultaneous adjustments for other risk factors relative to Caucasian women without periodontal disease) found that non‐Caucasian women with periodontal disease were at an increased likelihood of TTC > 1 (13.9% vs 6.2%, OR = 2.88 [CI 1.62‐5.12], p < 0.001). Simultaneously significant predictors of TTC > 1 year included age, BMI > 25 and smoking. Conclusions: Our data suggest that that the presence of periodontal disease is a modifiable risk factor limiting a woman's time to conceive, particularly for non‐Caucasians. A pregnant woman with periodontal disease on average takes an extra 2 months to conceive, a negative influence on conception of the same order of magnitude as obesity. We believe that this is the first report suggesting that periodontal disease may present a further modifiable risk factor that may improve a woman's chance of conceiving. Consequently as periodontal disease can be treated by up to four dental visits, all non‐Caucasian patients attempting to conceive should be encouraged to have a dental check‐up prior to conceiving, as well a receiving information about smoking discontinuation, weight loss and folate supplementation.
 Acute Exercise Effects in Obese Pregnancy;  Maternal obesity prevalence is at a historic high with over 1 in 3 women entering pregnancy obese and 1 in 10 extremely obese. Obesity before and during pregnancy is associated with a higher risk for a number of obstetric and metabolic complications in women and their offspring. Of particular importance, obese women have a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, obese women have larger offspring who have a higher risk for the development of obesity and diabetes; both largely attributed to higher maternal glycemia and glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Thus, identifying rehabilitative interventions that improve maternal and offspring metabolic and cardiovascular health in obese pregnancy are critical and have immediate and generational impact. Resistance and aerobic exercise training is a clinical staple for improving musculoskeletal, metabolic and cardiovascular health in non‐gravid adolescents and adults with obesity. Observational studies suggest that exercise in pregnancy is safe and higher levels of physical activity before and during pregnancy in normal weight (i.e. lean) women reduces the risk of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertensive disorders; however, little is known regarding the effects of exercise training during obese pregnancy and several important questions still exist. These include: 1) "What are the acute and chronic effects of maternal exercise on glucose metabolism and vascular function?", 2) "Are there different effects of aerobic and resistance type exercise on glucose metabolism and vascular function?" and 3) "What are the physiologic and molecular transducers of maternal aerobic and resistance exercise for changes in maternal glucose metabolism and vascular function during pregnancy?" This pilot project aims to collect preliminary data on these questions. This proposal would be the first study to collect preliminary data on the independent effects of acute aerobic and resistance rehabilitative exercise in pregnancy, and further, in obese women; a population with a high morbidity during gestation. In addition, this proposal would inform a large, multisite clinical trial examining the acute and chronic effects of aerobic and resistance exercise on glucose metabolism and vascular function in normal weight, overweight and obese women during pregnancy. Moreover, this proposal would provide initial evidence of molecular transducers of acute physical activity/rehabilitative exercise necessary for a large, comprehensive clinical trial examining the molecular transducers of rehabilitative exercise in normal weight, overweight and obese women during different stages of pregnancy. Specific Aim #1: To characterize the acute effects of aerobic and resistance exercise on glucose metabolism (tolerance, insulin sensitivity and β‐cell function) in obese women during mid‐pregnancy. Specific Aim #2: To characterize the acute effects of aerobic and resistance exercise on vascular function in obese women during mid‐pregnancy. Specific Aim #3: To explore the molecular transducers of physiologic responses in glucose metabolism and vascular function following acute aerobic and resistance exercise in obese women during mid‐pregnancy. The hypothesis is that acute aerobic and resistance rehabilitative exercise will improve post‐exercise glucose metabolism and vascular function in obese women during mid‐pregnancy. In a subsequent multi‐site clinical trial, this study will examine differences in physiologic effects and molecular transducers of aerobic and resistance exercise on glucose metabolism and vascular function during different stages of pregnancy in overweight and obese women.
 camel milk and type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: cow milk, 500 ml/day Intervention 1: Intervention group: camel milk, 500 ml/day. Intervention 2: Intervention group: camel dough, 500 ml/day. Intervention 3: Control group: cow milk, 500 ml/day. Intervention group: camel dough, 500 ml/day Intervention group: camel milk, 500 ml/day Placebo CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Baseline, after 1 month, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: sphygmomanometer. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline, after 1 month, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. Hemoglobin A1c. Timepoint: Baseline, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Baseline, after 1 month, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR index. Lipid profile: total cholesterol, Triglyceride, HDL, LDL. Timepoint: Baseline, after 1 month, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Baseline, after 1 month, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: Anthropometric measurements. Dietary Factors. Timepoint: Baseline, after 1 month, and after 2 months. Method of measurement: 24h dietary recall. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with type 2 diabetes; age range: 20 to 70 years old; treatment with diet or oral anti‐diabetic drugs. Exclusion Criteria: Treatment with insulin; pregnancy or lactation; smoking and alcohol consumption; body mass index greater than 35 kg/m2 ; Lactose intolerance; taking estrogenic drugs and corticosteroids; having cardiovascular disease, liver, lung, kidney and Chronic gastrointestinal and thyroid dysfunction; following from the weight loss diets two months prior to study; weight changes (increase or decrease) more than 5 kg two months prior to study
 Effect of strawberry powder on diabetes complications;  INTERVENTION: Control Group: 2 cups of Placebo beverage, containing 32 gr of placebo powder ( containing 24 g lactose and 8 g pectin ), daily for 6 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention Group: 2 cups of strawberry beverage containing 50 gr of freeze dried strawberry daily for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: Control Group: 2 cups of Placebo beverage, containing 32 gr of placebo powder ( containing 24 g lactose and 8 g pectin ), daily for 6 weeks. Intervention Group: 2 cups of strawberry beverage containing 50 gr of freeze dried strawberry daily for 6 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus None‐insulin dependant diabetese mellistus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. HDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Hemoglobin A1c. Timepoint: baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Chromatography. HsCRP. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Immunotorbidometry. LDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Friedewald Formula. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC). Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Formula. Dietary Factors. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: 3‐day 24h dietary recalls. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having type 2 diabetes; 30 to 60 years old; LDL level more than 100 mg/Dl. Exclusion criteria: Having renal or hepatic failure; cardiovascular disease; thyroid disorders; lactose intolerance; treatment with insulin; taking corticosteroides, NSAIDS, cholesterol lowering drugs, multivitamin‐mineral and fiber supplements; BMI more than 35 Kg/m2; smoking; pregnancy and lactation; use of multivitamin‐mineral and fiber and antioxidant supplements 3 weeks prior to the study.
 Gestational Diabetes and Offspring's Cardiovascular Health: mySweetHeart Cohort;  MySweetHeart Cohort is an observational study to assess the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on early life offspring's cardiovascular health. The primary objective is to assess the effect of GDM on the surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) at birth (left ventricular mass index and subclinical atherosclerosis). The secondary objective is to assess the effect of GDM on the cardiovascular structure and function during the fetal period and neonatal adverse cardiovascular risk factors. The main hypothesis is that offspring of women with GDM have a larger LVMI and a larger cIMT at birth (primary outcomes) compared with offspring of women without GDM. Further, other hypotheses are that offspring of women with GDM have more foetal cardiovascular alterations and adverse neonatal cardio‐metabolic risk factors (secondary outcomes) compared with offspring of women without GDM. My SweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial, a randomized controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardio‐metabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. The principal investigators of this trial are Prof Jardena Puder and Dr Antje Horsch from Lausanne University Hospital.
 Gestational Diabetes and Offspring's Cardiovascular Health: mySweetHeart Cohort;  MySweetHeart Cohort is an observational study to assess the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on early life offspring's cardiovascular health. The primary objective is to assess the effect of GDM on the surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) at birth (left ventricular mass index and subclinical atherosclerosis). The secondary objective is to assess the effect of GDM on the cardiovascular structure and function during the fetal period and neonatal adverse cardiovascular risk factors. The main hypothesis is that offspring of women with GDM have a larger LVMI and a larger cIMT at birth (primary outcomes) compared with offspring of women without GDM. Further, other hypotheses are that offspring of women with GDM have more foetal cardiovascular alterations and adverse neonatal cardio‐metabolic risk factors (secondary outcomes) compared with offspring of women without GDM. My SweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial, a randomized controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardio‐metabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. The principal investigators of this trial are Prof Jardena Puder and Dr Antje Horsch from Lausanne University Hospital.
 Semaglutide for the Treatment of Glucose Intolerance in Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes;  Patient population: Women with a recent history of gestational diabetes (GDM) and persistent glucose intolerance in early postpartum are a particularly high risk group, with about 50% developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) within 5 years after the delivery. Semaglutide is a long‐acting glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) agonist with multiple beneficial metabolic effects, including glucose lowering effect, weight loss and cardiovascular protective effects. The investigators hypothesize that in women with prior GDM and glucose intolerance in early postpartum, treatment with semaglutide will reduce the risk to develop T2DM on the long‐term compared to placebo. Intervention and comparison: Belgian multi‐centric double blind RCT with 11 centers to compare semaglutide (once weekly) with placebo in women with a recent history of GDM and glucose intolerance [impaired fasting glycaemia (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT)] 6‐24 weeks postpartum. Participants will be 1/1 randomized to semaglutide or placebo on a background of lifestyle measures. Semaglutide will be uptitrated to 1mg/week over a 8‐week period. Participants will be followed‐up for 3 years. Participants will receive a 75g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 3‐6 months after the stop of the intervention. Randomization will be stratified according to BMI at the early postpartum visit (<25; 25‐29.9 and ≥30Kg/m²). Outcomes: The primary endpoint is the development of T2DM by 160 weeks defined by fasting glycaemia, OGTT and/or HbA1c according to the ADA criteria. Important secondary endpoints include the need for rescue therapy for diabetes, regression to normoglycaemia, weight loss, beta‐cell function, insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. To achieve 80% power, we plan a sample size of 252 to detect an estimated 50% reduction in the risk to develop T2DM between both groups, assuming a 30% loss to follow‐up during the study.
 Changes in Eating Frequency but Not in Food Quality During Time Restricted Eating: analysis from the See Food Study;  Time‐restricted eating (TRE) is a form of intermittent fasting that has gained interest in nutrition research and interventions as one of the dietary patterns to promote weight loss and other metabolic benefits. TRE is an eating pattern in which all nutrient intakes occur within a few hours (< 12 hours) every day, with no overt attempt to alter nutrient quality or quantity. The “See Food” study was a randomized, unblinded, controlled, behavioral interventional pilot clinical trial conducted from 2017‐2018, that aimed to study the effect of a TRE intervention on metabolic health of overweight and obese participants, using the help of novel digital mobile technology. The objective of the current study is to analyze changes in diet quality among participants of the “See Food” study. Specifically, food intake patterns (frequency and type of meals, snacks and beverages) were compared between subjects in the 8‐hour TRE intervention group, versus the unrestricted intake control group. Inclusion criteria included age 18‐65, BMI >25 kg/m2, had stable sleep and work schedule and owned a smartphone. Participants with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, uncontrolled pulmonary disease, pregnancy and nursing were excluded. A total of 20 participants with overweight or obesity (9 in control group and 11 in TRE group) were enrolled. Participants were instructed to use the “myCircadianClock” smartphone application to document their time of eating, type of meal and food images at baseline and during the intervention period of 14 weeks. The TRE group was instructed to consume calories within 8 hours each day. We compared the data between 14 days at baseline and 14 days at the end of the intervention. An eating occasion (EO) as defined as an occasion when a food or beverage (other than water) was consumed, and was separate from another EO by at least 15 minutes. Compared to baseline, both the TRE (3.8±0.4 vs 5.3±0.4, p<0.0001) and control group (4.9±0.4 vs 5.6±0.5, p=0.007) had less eating frequency. The TRE group had less eating frequency compared to control group (‐1.5±0.2 vs ‐0.6±0.2, p=0.01) at the end of the study. Meal quality was classified by meal or snack type using a food‐based classification system, and included 6 Eos ranging from a complete meal, to a low‐quality snack. Beverages were classified separately by type. There were no differences in meal quality between the TRE and control group. The TRE group had less frequency of highquality snack (‐0.5±0.1 vs 0.05±0.1, p=0.008), mixed quality snack (‐0.03±0.06 vs ‐0.3±0.07, p=0.01) and caffeinated beverage (‐0.6±0.09 vs ‐0.008±0.1) compared to the control group. Conclusions: There was a reduction in eating frequency but no change in food quality when following an 8‐hour TRE. Estimation of calories intake was limited in this study. A strength of the study is the use of a novel mobile app to track timing of meals. This would be feasible to implement in a real life setting.
 The effects of zinc supplementation on serum adiponectin level and insulin resistance in patients with type II diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: 30 mg zinc (zinc gluconate) daily Intervention 1: 30 mg zinc (zinc gluconate) daily. Intervention 2: one plasebo tablet daily. one plasebo tablet daily Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetes mellitus type 2. ; Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Plasma adiponectin. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase, Enzymatic colorimetric. Fasting insulin serum. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. HbA1C (Glycosilated hemoglobin). Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Ion exchange method. HDL‐cholestrol. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. HsC‐Reactive Protein. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR calculation. LDL‐cholestrol. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Serum triglyceride. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Glycerol phosphate oxidase, Enzymatic colorimetric. Serum zinc. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: atomic absorption spectrophotometery. Total cholestrol. Timepoint: Baseline and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic photometric. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 30 to 50 years, presence of type 2 diabetes at least for one year, willingness to participate in the study and sign the informed consent, BMI=25‐30, HbA1C=8.5, Blood pressure =135/85 mmHg. Exclusion criteria: severe kidney, heart, liver, GI, pulmonary and infectious diseases, thyroid dysfunction, active cancer, previous myocardial infarction, recent surgery, Insulin therapy, changing in dose of medications such as oral anti‐diabetic, anti‐lipidemic and anti‐hypertensive drugs 3 month before and during the study, consumption of vitamin‐mineral supplements 6 month before and during the study, consumption of non‐steroidal anti inflammatory drugs, glucocorticoids, hormonal drugs, antidepressants, psychotropic medications, antibiotics, dioretics, three months prior to study, Following weight‐reducing diet 3 months before and during the study, smoking, pregnancy, breast feeding, postmenopausal women.
 The effect of “ conventional medicine,blood sugaron the Insulin resistance of patients with Diabetes Mellitus type II;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The experiment group: Diabites, an herbal medicine for the treatment of diabetes, is provided in 750 mg capsules (licensed by Iranian Ministry of Health; produced and manufactured by Booalidaroo Company, Qom, Iran). The cases in the experiment group received Diabites 3 times a day, each time 1 capsule, in addition to the previously prescribed conventional (chemical) pharmaceuticals for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: The control group: The placebo (750 mg capsules similar to the interventional herbal medicine) was given to the control group cases 3 times a day, each time 1 capsule, in addition to the previously prescribed conventional (chemical) pharmaceuticals for 12 weeks. Placebo The control group: The placebo (750 mg capsules similar to the interventional herbal medicine) was given to the control group cases 3 times a day, each time 1 capsule, in addition to the previously prescribed conventional (chemical) pharmaceuticals for 12 weeks. The experiment group: Diabites, an herbal medicine for the treatment of diabetes, is provided in 750 mg capsules (licensed by Iranian Ministry of Health; produced and manufactured by Booalidaroo Company, Qom, Iran). The cases in the experiment group received Diabites 3 times a day, each time 1 capsule, in addition to the previously prescribed conventional (chemical) pharmaceuticals for 12 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabet mellitus type2. ; non‐Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus non‐Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: FBS. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). HbA1c. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). HOMA‐IR. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). SECONDARY OUTCOME: CHOL. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). HDL. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). LDL. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). TG. Timepoint: Before intervention, after 6 weeks, after intervention(after 12 weeks). Method of measurement: blood test (Mg per deciliter). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:the age range of 25 to 70 years for both genders, FBS >130 mg/dL and 2hppBS >180 mg/dL, uncontrolled BS with two decreased BS oral drug in patient the candidates for insulin injection, but had no willingness to inject. Exclusion criteria: cardiovascular,kidney and liver disease; pregnancy; breast feeding
 REPEAT INDUCTION VERSUS EXPECTANT MANAGEMENT AFTER FAILED PRIMARY LABOR INDUCTION AT TERM: a RANDOMISED CLINICAL TRIAL AT KENYATTA NATIONAL HOSPITAL;  INTERVENTION: EXPECTANT MANAGEMENT REPEAT LABOR INDUCTION CONDITION: ; Pregnancy and Childbirth ; FAILED PRIMARY LABOR INDUCTION FAILED PRIMARY LABOR INDUCTION Pregnancy and Childbirth PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1) Time from induction to active phase of labor: entry into active phase of labor within the designated time. This was chosen as a primary outcome in line with literature review that failed IOL should be defined as the inability to achieve active phase of labor. In this instance, final outcome of pregnancy (mode of delivery) which is associated with confounders is not considered. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1)Time from induction to second stage (induction‐delivery interval) 2)Time from induction to decision to perform CS 3)Final mode of delivery: vaginal vs caesarean delivery 4)Adverse maternal outcome defined as or including maternal nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, postpartum haemorrhage, uterine hyperstimulation with FHR changes, uterine rupture, instrumental vaginal delivery, intensive care unit admission, chorioamnionitis, duration of hospital stay, maternal death 5)Early neonatal morbidity defined as or including meconium‐stained liquor, Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, NICU admission for more than 48 hours, neonatal encephalopathy, perinatal death INCLUSION CRITERIA: The participants to be included will be mothers for induction of labor with: 1.Singleton, live gestation in cephalic presentation 2.Gestation at or beyond 37 weeks 0 days (37 0/7) 3.Post‐term pregnancy 4.Bishop score <6 at failed primary labor induction diagnosis 5.Reactive fetal heart rate pattern 6.Intact membranes 7.Oligohydramnios 8.Hypertensive disorders (preeclampsia without severe features and pregnancy induced hypertension) 9.Diabetes mellitus requiring insulin 10.Maternal cardiac disease: mild cardiac disorders 11.Fetal growth restriction without evidence of fetal compromise on Doppler U/S 12.Elective induction 13.Willing to participate and give a signed informed consent
 THE “TWO BAG” SYSTEM FOR TREATMENT OF ADULTS WITH DIABETIC KETOACIDOSIS: a PROSPECTIVE RANDOMIZED TRIAL;  SESSION TITLE: Tuesday Abstract Posters SESSION TYPE: Original Investigation Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/22/2019 01:00 PM ‐ 02:00 PM PURPOSE: The “two bag” system (2BAG) for intravenous (IV) fluid administration is efficacious in treating diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) among children. It involves two bags of saline: one with 10% dextrose and the other without dextrose. The two fluid bags are administered simultaneously at a total constant rate, and rates of individual fluid bags are adjusted by a nurse‐driven protocol per patients’ glucose levels. To our knowledge, there have been no prospective trials studying 2BAG in adults with DKA. The aim of this prospective randomized controlled trial is to determine whether 2BAG closes the anion gap faster than usual care using a one bag system recommended by the American Diabetes Association (ADA). METHODS: Adult patients admitted with DKA to the medical stepdown or intensive care units at an academic, urban, safety net hospital were randomized to either 2BAG (intervention) or the usual care (control) group. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy, septic shock, heart failure, and renal failure requiring dialysis. Subjects in both groups initially received insulin infusions at 0.1 units/kg/hour. The control group was treated with IV fluids according to ADA guidelines for DKA management. The primary endpoint was time from initial laboratory studies confirming DKA to anion gap closure. This study was approved by the Human Subjects Division of the MetroHealth System (IRB #18‐00025). RESULTS: Twenty‐one subjects were recruited over the first 6 months (11 were randomized to the 2BAG arm). Mean age was 38.0 ± 14.4 years and 12 (57%) were female. Fourteen (67%) of subjects had Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). The mean pH at admission was 7.16 ± 0.12, with no significant difference between the two groups. In the preliminary analysis, there was no difference in time to anion gap closure between the control and 2BAG groups (median: 11.9 (interquartile range (IQR): 4.5‐17.1) vs. median: 13.2 (IQR: 9.6‐14.6) hours, Wilcoxon rank‐sum test p=0.89). The IQR was significantly wider in the control group, as compared to the 2BAG group. No significant adverse events were noted among any subjects. CONCLUSIONS: In this preliminary analysis there was no difference in time to anion gap closure between the two groups. However, even at this early stage of subject recruitment, the 2BAG system shows more consistency in the time required to correct the metabolic derangements associated with DKA. These findings suggest that with increased recruitment, 2BAG may be a safe, efficient, and more efficacious method of treating adults with DKA. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The consistency in time to treat DKA by the 2BAG protocol may be useful in predicting hospital length of stay and throughput required for patients admitted with DKA, and subsequently aid in anticipating bed availability and staffing requirements for hospital management. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Katherine Bruening, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Chloe Castro, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Kathleen Kerber, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Vidya Krishnan, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Toufik Madhun, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by John Thornton, source=Web Response Stockholder relationship with Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson Please note: $1001 ‐ $5000 Added 03/15/2019 by Jessica Zangmeister, source=Web Response, value=Mutual funds
 A double-blinded comparison of insulin regimens in diabetic ketoacidosis: does bolus insulin make a difference?;  Background: Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a common and lethal complication of diabetes. The American Diabetes Association recommends treating adult patients with a bolus dose of regular insulin followed by a continuous insulin infusion. The ADA also suggests a glucose correction rate of 75‐100 mg/dl/hr to minimize complications. Objectives: Compare the effect of bolus dose insulin therapy with insulin infusion to insulin infusion alone on serum glucose, bicarbonate, and pH in the initial treatment of DKA. Methods: Consecutive DKA patients were screened in the ED between March '06 and June '10. Inclusion criteria were: age >18 years, glucose >350 mg/dL, serum bicarbonate 15 or ketonemia or ketonuria. Exclusion criteria were: congestive heart failure, current hemodialysis, pregnancy, or inability to consent. No patient was enrolled more than once. Patients were randomized to receive either regular insulin 0.1 units/kg or the same volume of normal saline. Patients, medical and research staff were blinded. Baseline glucose, electrolytes, and venous blood gases were collected on arrival. Bolus insulin or placebo was then administered and all enrolled patients received regular insulin at rate of 0.1 unit/kg/hr, as well as fluid and potassium repletion per the research protocol. Glucose, electrolytes, and venous blood gases were drawn hourly for 4 hours. Data between two groups were compared using unpaired t‐test. Results: 99 patients were enrolled, with 30 being excluded. 35 patients received bolus insulin; 34 received placebo. No significant differences were noted in initial glucose, pH, bicarbonate, age, or weight between the two groups. After the first hour, glucose levels in the insulin group decreased by 151 mg/dL compared to 94 mg/dL in the placebo group (p = 0.0391, 95% CI 2.7 to 102.0). Changes in mean glucose levels, pH, bicarbonate level, and AG were not statistically different between the two groups for the remainder of the 4 hour study period. There was no difference in the incidence of hypoglycemia in the two groups. Conclusion: Administering a bolus dose of regular insulin decreased mean glucose levels more than placebo, although only for the first hour. There was no difference in the change in pH, serum bicarbonate or anion gap at any interval. This suggests that bolus dose insulin may not add significant benefit in the emergency management of DKA.
 Influence of adolescent and maternal coffee consumption on risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in middle-aged women and their offspring: results from two prospective cohort studies in the United States;  In a double‐blind randomized trial, coffee intake was shown to decrease fat mass in healthy overweight adults, suggesting that coffee could be modulating lower type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk (as ascertained in observational studies) among adults through pathways involving adiposity. However, it is not known if earlierlife (e.g., in‐utero, adolescence) exposure to coffee intake could modulate risk of developing childhood obesity and, ultimately, T2DM later in life. In individuals free of diabetes, cancer or cardiovascular disease at baseline, we examined the relationship between: 1) adolescent caffeinated coffee intake (assessed using a validated high‐school FFQ in 1998) and later‐life (mean ages 43 to 57 years) T2DM risk [self‐reported physiciandiagnosed cases during follow‐up (1998‐2011) confirmed by a validated supplementary questionnaire] among 47,355 middle‐aged women in the Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII) using Cox proportional hazards regression; and, 2) prenatal/perinatal coffee intake [ascertained using validated FFQs adjacent to pregnancy (1989‐1995)] among 7,629 mothers in NHSII and risk of obesity [defined according to age‐ and sex‐ specific BMI thresholds during follow‐up (2004‐2013)] among 10,657 male and female offspring in the Growing Up Today Study II using log‐binomial regression. Adolescent caffeinated coffee intake was associated with 17% lower T2DM risk [≥1 cup/day vs. never/rarely: HR 0.83 (95% CI 0.71‐0.98); P‐trend=0.03] in later‐life. Moderate to large increase (median: +17.5 cups/week) in caffeinated coffee intake from adolescence to adulthood was associated with 20% lower T2DM risk [>1 cup/day increase vs. no change: HR 0.80 (95% CI 0.72‐0.89); P‐trend<0.0001] in laterlife. Total caffeinated or decaffeinated coffee intake during peri‐pregnancy was not significantly associated with childhood obesity risk.
 Reconvalescent plasma/camostat mesylate in early SARS-CoV-2 Q-PCR positive high-risk individuals (RES-Q-HR): a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  Objectives: Currently, there are no approved treatments for early disease stages of COVID‐19 and few strategies to prevent disease progression after infection with SARS‐CoV‐2. The objective of this study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of convalescent plasma (CP) or camostat mesylate administered within 72 h of diagnosis of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection in adult individuals with pre‐existing risk factors at higher risk of getting seriously ill with COVID‐19. Camostat mesylate acts as an inhibitor of the host cell serine protease TMPRSS2 and prevents the virus from entering the cell. CP represents another antiviral strategy in terms of passive immunization. The working hypothesis to be tested in the RES‐Q‐HR study is that the early use of CP or camostat mesylate reduces the likelihood of disease progression to (modified) WHO stages 4b‐8 in SARS‐CoV‐2‐positive adult patients at high risk of moderate or severe COVID‐19 progression. Trial design: This study is a 4‐arm (parallel group), multicenter, randomized (2:2:1:1 ratio), partly double‐blind, controlled trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of convalescent plasma (CP) or camostat mesylate with control or placebo in adult patients diagnosed with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection and high risk for progression to moderate/severe COVID‐19. Superiority of the intervention arms will be tested. Participants: The trial is conducted at 10–15 tertiary care centers in Germany. Individuals aged 18 years or above with ability to provide written informed consent with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, confirmed by PCR within 3 days or less before enrolment and the presence of at least one SARS‐CoV‐2 symptom (such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, sore throat, headache, fatigue, smell/and or taste disorder, diarrhea, abdominal symptoms, exanthema) and symptom duration of not more than 3 days. Further inclusion criteria comprise: Presence of at least one of the following criteria indicating increased risk for severe COVID‐19:Age > 75 yearsChronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and/or pulmonary fibrosisBMI > 40 kg/m2Age > 65 years with at least one other risk factor (BMI > 35 kg/m2, coronary artery disease (CAD), chronic kidney disease (CKD) with GFR < 60 ml/min but ≥ 30 ml/min, diabetes mellitus, active tumor disease)BMI > 35 kg/m2 with at least one other risk factor (CAD, CKD with GFR < 60 ml/min but ≥ 30 ml/min, diabetes mellitus, active tumor disease) Exclusion criteria:1.Age < 18 years2.Unable to give informed consent3.Pregnant women or breastfeeding mothers4.Previous transfusion reaction or other contraindication to a plasma transfusion5.Known hypersensitivity to camostat mesylate and/or severe pancreatitis6.Volume stress due to CP administration would be intolerable7.Known IgA deficiency8.Life expectancy < 6 months9.Duration SARS‐CoV‐2 typical symptoms > 3 days10.SARS‐CoV‐2 PCR detection older than 3 days11.SARS‐CoV‐2 associated clinical condition ≥ WHO stage 3 (patients hospitalized for other reasons than COVID‐19 may be included if they fulfill all inclusion and none of the exclusion criteria)12.Previously or currently hospitalized due to SARS‐CoV‐213.Previous antiviral therapy for SARS‐CoV‐214.ALT or AST > 5 x ULN at screening15.Liver cirrhosis > Child A (patients with Child B/C cirrhosis are excluded from the trial)16.Chronic kidney disease with GFR < 30 ml/min17.Concurrent or planned anticancer treatment during trial period18.Accommodation in an institution due to legal orders (§40(4) AMG).19.Any psycho‐social condition hampering compliance with the study protocol.20.Evidence of current drug or alcohol abuse21.Use of other investigational treatment within 5 half‐lives of enrolment is prohibited22.Previous use of convalescent plasma for COVID‐1923.Concomitant proven influenza A infection24.Patients with organ or bone marrow transplant in the three months prior to screening visit Intervention and comparator: Participants will be randomized to the following 4 groups:1)Convalescent plasma (CP), 2 units at screening/baseline visit (day 0) or day 1; CP is defined by the presence of neutralizing anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 antibodies with titers ≥ 1:160; individuals with body weight ≥ 150 kg will receive a third unit of plasma on day 32)Camostat mesylate (200 mg per capsule, one capsule taken each in the morning, afternoon and evening on days 1–7)3)Standard of care (SOC, control for CP)4)Placebo (identical in appearance to camostat mesylate capsules, one capsule taken each morning, afternoon and evening on days 1–7; for camostat mesylate control group) Participants will be monitored after screening/baseline on day 3, day 5, day 8, and day 14. On day 28 and day 56, telephone visits and on day 90, another outpatient visit are scheduled. Adverse events and serious adverse events will be monitored and reported until the end of the study. An independent data safety monitoring committee will review trial progression and safety. Main outcomes: The primary endpoint of the study is the cumulative number of individuals who progress to or beyond category 4b on the modified WHO COVID‐19 ordinal scale (defined as hospitalization with COVID‐19 pneumonia and additional oxygen demand via nasal cannula or mask) within 28 days after randomization. Randomization: Participants will be randomized using the Alea‐Tool (aleaclinical.com) in a 2:2:1:1 ratio to the treatment arms (1) CP, (2) camostat mesylate, (3) standard of care (SoC), and (4) placebo matching camostat mesylate. Randomization will be stratified by study center. Blinding (masking): The camostat mesylate treatment arm and the respective placebo will be blinded for participants, caregivers, and those assessing outcomes. The treatment arms convalescent plasma and standard of care will not be blinded and thus are open‐labeled, unblinded. Numbers to be randomized (sample size): Overall, n = 994 participants will be randomized to the following groups: n = 331 to convalescent plasma (CP), n = 331 to camostat mesylate, n = 166 to standard of care (SoC), and n = 166 to placebo matching camostat mesylate. Trial status: The RES‐Q‐HR protocol (V04F) was approved on the 18 December 2020 by the local ethics committee and by the regulatory institutions PEI/BfARM on the 2 December 2020. The trial was opened for recruitment on 26 December 2020; the first patient was enrolled on 7 January 2021 and randomized on 8 January 2021. Recruitment shall be completed by June 2021. The current protocol version RES‐Q HR V05F is from 4 January 2021, which was approved on the 18 January 2021. Trial registration: EudraCT Number 2020‐004695‐18. Registered on September 29, 2020. ClinicalTrial.gov NCT04681430. Registered on December 23, 2020, prior to the start of the enrollment (which was opened on December 26, 2020). Full protocol: The full protocol (V05F) is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol. The study protocol has been reported in accordance with the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Clinical Interventional Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines (Additional file 2).
 Reconvalescent plasma/camostat mesylate in early SARS-CoV-2 Q-PCR positive high-risk individuals (RES-Q-HR): a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  OBJECTIVES: Currently, there are no approved treatments for early disease stages of COVID‐19 and few strategies to prevent disease progression after infection with SARS‐CoV‐2. The objective of this study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of convalescent plasma (CP) or camostat mesylate administered within 72 h of diagnosis of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection in adult individuals with pre‐existing risk factors at higher risk of getting seriously ill with COVID‐19. Camostat mesylate acts as an inhibitor of the host cell serine protease TMPRSS2 and prevents the virus from entering the cell. CP represents another antiviral strategy in terms of passive immunization. The working hypothesis to be tested in the RES‐Q‐HR study is that the early use of CP or camostat mesylate reduces the likelihood of disease progression to (modified) WHO stages 4b‐8 in SARS‐CoV‐2‐positive adult patients at high risk of moderate or severe COVID‐19 progression. TRIAL DESIGN: This study is a 4‐arm (parallel group), multicenter, randomized (2:2:1:1 ratio), partly double‐blind, controlled trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of convalescent plasma (CP) or camostat mesylate with control or placebo in adult patients diagnosed with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection and high risk for progression to moderate/severe COVID‐19. Superiority of the intervention arms will be tested. PARTICIPANTS: The trial is conducted at 10‐15 tertiary care centers in Germany. Individuals aged 18 years or above with ability to provide written informed consent with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, confirmed by PCR within 3 days or less before enrolment and the presence of at least one SARS‐CoV‐2 symptom (such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, sore throat, headache, fatigue, smell/and or taste disorder, diarrhea, abdominal symptoms, exanthema) and symptom duration of not more than 3 days. Further inclusion criteria comprise: Presence of at least one of the following criteria indicating increased risk for severe COVID‐19: Age > 75 years Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and/or pulmonary fibrosis BMI > 40 kg/m2 Age > 65 years with at least one other risk factor (BMI > 35 kg/m2, coronary artery disease (CAD), chronic kidney disease (CKD) with GFR < 60 ml/min but ≥ 30 ml/min, diabetes mellitus, active tumor disease) BMI > 35 kg/m2 with at least one other risk factor (CAD, CKD with GFR < 60 ml/min but ≥ 30 ml/min, diabetes mellitus, active tumor disease) Exclusion criteria: 1. Age < 18 years 2. Unable to give informed consent 3. Pregnant women or breastfeeding mothers 4. Previous transfusion reaction or other contraindication to a plasma transfusion 5. Known hypersensitivity to camostat mesylate and/or severe pancreatitis 6. Volume stress due to CP administration would be intolerable 7. Known IgA deficiency 8. Life expectancy < 6 months 9. Duration SARS‐CoV‐2 typical symptoms > 3 days 10. SARS‐CoV‐2 PCR detection older than 3 days 11. SARS‐CoV‐2 associated clinical condition ≥ WHO stage 3 (patients hospitalized for other reasons than COVID‐19 may be included if they fulfill all inclusion and none of the exclusion criteria) 12. Previously or currently hospitalized due to SARS‐CoV‐2 13. Previous antiviral therapy for SARS‐CoV‐2 14. ALT or AST > 5 x ULN at screening 15. Liver cirrhosis > Child A (patients with Child B/C cirrhosis are excluded from the trial) 16. Chronic kidney disease with GFR < 30 ml/min 17. Concurrent or planned anticancer treatment during trial period 18. Accommodation in an institution due to legal orders (§40(4) AMG). 19. Any psycho‐social condition hampering compliance with the study protocol. 20. Evidence of current drug or alcohol abuse 21. Use of other investigational treatment within 5 half‐lives of enrolment is prohibited 22. Previous use of convalescent plasma for COVID‐19 23. Concomitant proven influenza A infection 24. Patients with organ or bone marrow transplant in the three months prior to screening visit INTERVENTION AND COMPARATOR: Participants will be randomized to the following 4 groups: 1) Convalescent plasma (CP), 2 units at screening/baseline visit (day 0) or day 1; CP is defined by the presence of neutralizing anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 antibodies with titers ≥ 1:160; individuals with body weight ≥ 150 kg will receive a third unit of plasma on day 3 2) Camostat mesylate (200 mg per capsule, one capsule taken each in the morning, afternoon and evening on days 1‐7) 3) Standard of care (SOC, control for CP) 4) Placebo (identical in appearance to camostat mesylate capsules, one capsule taken each morning, afternoon and evening on days 1‐7; for camostat mesylate control group) Participants will be monitored after screening/baseline on day 3, day 5, day 8, and day 14. On day 28 and day 56, telephone visits and on day 90, another outpatient visit are scheduled. Adverse events and serious adverse events will be monitored and reported until the end of the study. An independent data safety monitoring committee will review trial progression and safety. MAIN OUTCOMES: The primary endpoint of the study is the cumulative number of individuals who progress to or beyond category 4b on the modified WHO COVID‐19 ordinal scale (defined as hospitalization with COVID‐19 pneumonia and additional oxygen demand via nasal cannula or mask) within 28 days after randomization. RANDOMIZATION: Participants will be randomized using the Alea‐Tool ( aleaclinical.com ) in a 2:2:1:1 ratio to the treatment arms (1) CP, (2) camostat mesylate, (3) standard of care (SoC), and (4) placebo matching camostat mesylate. Randomization will be stratified by study center. BLINDING (MASKING): The camostat mesylate treatment arm and the respective placebo will be blinded for participants, caregivers, and those assessing outcomes. The treatment arms convalescent plasma and standard of care will not be blinded and thus are open‐labeled, unblinded. NUMBERS TO BE RANDOMIZED (SAMPLE SIZE): Overall, n = 994 participants will be randomized to the following groups: n = 331 to convalescent plasma (CP), n = 331 to camostat mesylate, n = 166 to standard of care (SoC), and n = 166 to placebo matching camostat mesylate. TRIAL STATUS: The RES‐Q‐HR protocol (V04F) was approved on the 18 December 2020 by the local ethics committee and by the regulatory institutions PEI/BfARM on the 2 December 2020. The trial was opened for recruitment on 26 December 2020; the first patient was enrolled on 7 January 2021 and randomized on 8 January 2021. Recruitment shall be completed by June 2021. The current protocol version RES‐Q HR V05F is from 4 January 2021, which was approved on the 18 January 2021. TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT Number 2020‐004695‐18 . Registered on September 29, 2020. ClinicalTrial.gov NCT04681430 . Registered on December 23, 2020, prior to the start of the enrollment (which was opened on December 26, 2020). FULL PROTOCOL: The full protocol (V05F) is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol. The study protocol has been reported in accordance with the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Clinical Interventional Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines (Additional file 2).
 Actos Now for the prevention of diabetes (ACT NOW) study;  Background: Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is a prediabetic state. If IGT can be prevented from progressing to overt diabetes, hyperglycemia‐related complications can be avoided. The purpose of the present study was to examine whether pioglitazone (ACTOS®) can prevent progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a prospective randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trial. Methods/Design: 602 IGT subjects were identified with OGTT (2‐hour plasma glucose = 140‐199 mg/dl). In addition, IGT subjects were required to have FPG = 95‐125 mg/dl and at least one other high risk characteristic. Prior to randomization all subjects had measurement of ankle‐arm blood pressure, systolic/diastolic blood pressure, HbA1C, lipid profile and a subset had frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT), DEXA, and ultrasound determination of carotid intima‐media thickness (IMT). Following this, subjects were randomized to receive pioglitazone (45 mg/day) or placebo, and returned every 2‐3 months for FPG determination and annually for OGTT. Repeat carotid IMT measurement was performed at 18 months and study end. Recruitment took place over 24 months, and subjects were followed for an additional 24 months. At study end (48 months) or at time of diagnosis of diabetes the OGTT, FSIVGTT, DEXA, carotid IMT, and all other measurements were repeated. Primary endpoint is conversion of IGT to T2DM based upon FPG ≥ 126 or 2‐hour PG ≥ 200 mg/dl. Secondary endpoints include whether pioglitazone can: (i) improve glycemic control (ii) enhance insulin sensitivity, (iii) augment beta cell function, (iv) improve risk factors for cardiovascular disease, (v) cause regression/slow progression of carotid IMT, (vi) revert newly diagnosed diabetes to normal glucose tolerance. Conclusion: ACT NOW is designed to determine if pioglitazone can prevent/ delay progression to diabetes in high risk IGT subjects, and to define the mechanisms (improved insulin sensitivity and/or enhanced beta cell function) via which pioglitazone exerts its beneficial effect on glucose metabolism to prevent/delay onset of T2DM. © 2009 DeFronzo et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
 Effects of dried jujube on type2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: no consumption of any forms of jujube during study (3 months) Intervention 1: Intervention group: using 1 serving dried jujube=28g dried jujube daily for 3 months. Intervention 2: Control group: no consumption of any forms of jujube during study (3 months). Intervention group: using 1 serving dried jujube=28g dried jujube daily for 3 months. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: ALT. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. ApoA1. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Immunoturbidimetry method. ApoB100. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Immunoturbidimetry method. AST. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. FBS. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. HbA1C. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Bronnate Affinity. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Homeostasis model assessment ; HOMA. Insulin Sensitivity. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Quantitative insulin sensitivity check index ;QUICKI. Insulin. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Radio Immuno Assay(RIA). LDL‐C. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. TG. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Total chol. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: digital Barometer. BMI. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Weight(kg)/(height(m))2. Dietary intake. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: 24‐hour recall questinnaire. Physical Activity. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: international physical activity questionarre. Weight. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: digital scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:diabetic patients aged between 20‐65 years; FBS more than or equal to 126 mg/dl and less than 200 mg/dl; glycosylated hemoglobin 6.5‐9 percent; lack of insulin consumption; lack of history of metabolic diseases,cardiovascular disease,renal disease,tyroid ,cancer; willingness to cooperation; lack of pregnancy and lactation; no consumption of alcoholic beverages; lack of smoking; no consumption of any drug that are metabolized in P450 cytochrome. exclusion criteria:lack of willingness to continue study; Occurrence infectious disease during studys; Occurrence pregnancy during study.
 A study to explore the effects of Azilsartan compared to Telmisartan on insulin resistance of patients with essential hypertension on type 2 diabetes mellitus by HOMA-R (AT-HOMA);  Inclusion criteria: 1. The participant was given the diagnosis of grade I or II essential hypertension and was judged by the principal investigator or investigator that they can be appropriately treated with azilsartan 20 mg and telmisartan 40 mg. 2. Sitting systolic blood pressure of >= 130 mmHg and < 180 mmHg or sitting diastolic blood pressure* of >= 80 mmHg and < 110 mmHg at the start of the treatment period (Week 0) * Sitting blood pressure will be measured until 2 consecutive stable measurements are obtained (i.e., the difference between 2 measurements: diastolic blood pressure of < 5 mmHg and systolic blood pressure of < 10 mmHg) after resting in a sitting position for at least 5 minutes. The average value of the last 2 measurements will be recorded (the first the decimal place is rounded off). 3. Type 2 diabetes mellitus 4. HbA1c (NGSP value) of < 8.4% during 3 months before informed consent, with a <= 0.3% change in HbA1c (peak minus nadir) during 3 months before informed consent 5. No change in diet/exercise therapy during the 3 months before the informed consent in a participant who has been on diet/exercise therapy and instructed to improve life style (e.g., diet and exercise) 6. Age >= 20 years at the time of consent 7. Outpatients 8. Capable of providing written consent before participation in this study. Intervention name : Azilsartan (trade name: Azilva) Dosage And administration of the intervention : Participants will receive azilsartan 20 mg once daily in the morning before or after breakfast. However, participants should come to the sites on scheduled visits without taking their morning dose of antihypertensives and take the dose after completing the specified tests/examinations. Control intervention name : Telmisartan Dosage And administration of the control intervention : Participants will receive telmisartan 40 mg once daily in the morning before or after breakfast. However, participants should come to the sites on scheduled visits without taking their morning dose of antihypertensives and take the dose after completing the specified tests/examinations. Change in insulin resistance index (HOMA‐R) Primary timeframe Baseline and Week 12 (1) Efficacy: 1) Change in fasting blood glucose from the start of the treatment period at the end of the treatment period (Week 12) 2) Change in fasting insulin 3) Change in of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) 4) HOMA‐beta HOMA‐beta=fasting insulin (microU/mL)*360/{fasting glucose (mg/dL) ‐ 63} 5) Change in 1,5‐AG (2) Safety: Adverse events Secondary timeframe (1): Baseline and Week 12 (2): For 12 weeks Exclusion criteria: 1. Grade III essential hypertension (i.e., sitting systolic blood pressure 180 mmHg or sitting diastolic blood pressure >= 110 mmHg), secondary hypertension, or malignant hypertension. 2. Grade II essential hypertension (i.e., sitting systolic blood pressure >= 160 mmHg or sitting diastolic blood pressure >= 100 mmHg) for which antihypertensive drug(s) are used 3. Use of oral antihypertensive medication within 2 weeks before the start of the treatment period Participants who are on any antihypertensive agent at the time of informed consent can be enrolled in the study only after 2‐week washout following informed consent. 4. Use of RAS inhibitors or thiazolidines within 3 months before the start of the treatment period 5. Type 1 diabetes mellitus 6. Fasting blood glucose of < 180 mg/dL and HOMA‐R of <= 1.6 at the start of the treatment period (Week 0) 7. Receiving or requiring any of the following at the time of informed consent: ‐ Insulin, glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) receptor agonists, or other parenteral hypoglycemic agents ‐ Combination therapy with 3 or more oral hypoglycemic agents 8. Change of antidiabetic medication (including dosage change) within 3 months before the start of the treatment period 9. Having diagnosed/treated any of the following cardiovascular diseases within 3 months before the start of the treatment period: ‐ Cardiac disease/condition: myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization procedure ‐ Cerebrovascular disease: cerebral infarction, cerebral haemorrhage, transient ischaemic attack ‐ Advanced hypertensive retinopathy (retinal bleeding or oozing, papilloedema) 10. Having diagnosed/treated any of the following cardiovascular diseases more than 3 months before the start of the treatment period, and is now still in unstable condition. ‐ Cardiac disease/condition: myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization procedure ‐ Cerebrovascular disease: cerebral infarction, cerebral haemorrhage, transient ischaemic attack 11. Past or current history of any of the following cardiovascular diseases. ‐ Cardiac valve stenosis ‐ Angina pectoris requiring medication ‐ Congestive cardiac failure requiring medication ‐ Arrhythmia requiring medication (e.g., paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, severe bradycardia, torsade de pointes, and ventricular fibrillation) ‐ Arteriosclerosis obliterans with intermittent claudication or other symptoms 12. Have severe ketosis, diabetic coma or precoma, severe infection, or serious trauma 13. Clinically evident renal disorder (e.g., eGFR <30 mL/min/1.73 m2) 14. Markedly low bile secretion or severe hepatic disorder 15. History of hypersensitivity or allergy to azilsartan or telmisartan or to both. 16. Presence of hyperkalemia (potassium level >= 5.5 mEq/L on laboratory testing) 17. Currently participating in any other clinical study. 18. Pregnant women, women with possible pregnancy, or breast‐feeding women. 19. Other patients who are inappropriate for participation in this study in the opinion of the principal investigator or investigator. Essential hypertension complicated by type 2 diabetes mellitus
 Impact of exercise training in combination with dapagliflozin on physical function in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Initial screening checks will be conducted verbally via telephone prior to arranging each participant’s first visit (Visit 0). Consent for the main study and full screening for eligibility will then be undertaken at Visit 0, which will last approximately 4 hours. During this visit, all the study procedures will be explained to the participant, inclusion/exclusion criteria will be checked and written consent for the main study will be received by a medically qualified researcher. Following informed consent, participants will have further tests to confirm eligibility. This will include: 1. Collection of essential demographic data (date of birth and age, sex) 2. Measurement of height and weight, subsequently calculating BMI 3. Collection of a non‐fasted venous blood sample for the assessment of HbA1c and safety screening blood tests (including full blood count, urea and electrolytes, estimated glomerular filtration rate, liver function tests), and serum pregnancy test (where appropriate) 4. Completion of the Short Physical Physical Performance Battery. The SPPB assesses the time taken to do 5 sit‐to‐stand repetitions from a standardised chair height, the time taken to undertake a 4‐metre walk test and a simple balance test. Those scoring 0 or otherwise unable to complete the test due to severe functional limitations will be excluded. 5. A maximal exercise test Participants will provide details of their primary care GP practice to allow subsequent retrieval of their electronic frailty index (eFI) coding/categorisation. Participation in other research trials of an investigational medical product and absolute contraindication to MRI will be determ CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Physical function measured using the modified physical performance test (mPPT) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Cardiac function and structure (to include systolic and diastolic strain and strain rates, LV mass, LV mass/volume ratio, and aortic distensibility) measured using echocardiogram at baseline and 24 (Visit 4) weeks; 2. Physical measured using the short physical performance battery (SPPB) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 3. Aerobic capacity measured using indirect calorimetry to assess peak oxygen uptake; (absolute VO2peak, VO2peak relative to LBM, and VO2peak relative to overall body mass) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 4. Hand Grip Strength measured using Handgrip dynamometry at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 5. Anthropometry and body composition assessed using total body weight, BMI, LBM, FM, and thigh muscle diameter, volume and quality at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 6. Resting metabolic rate (RMR) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 7. Objectively‐measured physical activity measured using the GENEActiv accelerometer at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 8. Glycemic control measured using HbA1c at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 9. Cardiovascular risk factors assessed using systolic and diastolic blood pressure and lipid profile (including total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein, low‐density lipoprotein and triacylglycerol) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 10. Regional body composition measured using bio‐electrical impedance at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 11. Bone mineral content and density (total and regional) measured using DEXA scan at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 12. Frailty and disability measured using the World Health Organisation Disability Assessment Schedule (WHODAS), Sarc‐F and FRAIL questionnaires, and the modified Medical Research Council (mMRC) dyspnoea scale at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 13. Kidney function measured using estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), urine albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR), intra‐ and inter‐organ adiposity (subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (ScAT), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), intrahepatic and pancreatic fat) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 14. Use of other glucose‐lowering therapies measured using patient interview at baseline 2, 4, 8, and 18 weeks; 15. Cardiometabolic risk factors assessed using circulating cardiometabolic biomarkers (inflammatory profile, cytokines, and organokines) at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 16. Dietary intake and appetite measured using the appetite visual analogue scale, the Leeds Food Preferences Questionnaire, and Control of Eating Questionnaire at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; 17. Mental wellbeing and quality of life measured using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and quality of life will be assessed by the EQ‐5D‐5L at baseline, 12, and 24 weeks; ; Sub‐study outcomes:; 1. Skeletal muscle metabolic and inflammatory signalling pathways in skeletal muscle sub‐study participants measured using skeletal muscle biopsy at baseline and 24 weeks; 2. Cardiac structure and function in MRI sub‐study participants measured using MRI scan at baseline and; 14 days; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age 40 to 75 years, inclusive 2. Diagnosed T2DM, treated by lifestyle management alone or in combination with mono‐ or combination therapy with oral glucose‐lowering pharmacological therapies (with exception of pre‐defined exclusion criteria) 3. HbA1c 6.5 to 10% (47 to 86 mmol/mol), inclusive 4. Historical evidence of functional limitation or frailty defined as at least one of : 4.1. Impaired physical function or frailty; SPPB score 1 to 10 (inclusive) recorded within the preceding 5 years 4.2. A coding of mild‐to‐moderate frailty based on the Electronic Frailty Index (eFI) within primary care 4.3. V02peak =18 ml/kg recorded within the preceding 5 years 4.4. SARC‐F questionnaire score of 4 or more 4.5. BMI =25 kg/m² (= 22.5 kg/m² if of South Asian ethnicity) 4.6. Weight stabl
 Effect of vitamin D supplementation on diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: control:edible parafin oil as pelacebo weekly for 8weeks Intervention 1: Intervention supplement of 50000IU vitamin d3 per week for 8weeks. Intervention 2: control:edible parafin oil as pelacebo weekly for 8weeks. Intervention supplement of 50000IU vitamin d3 per week for 8weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: kit. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Calculation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Calculation based on weigh and height. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ personal tendency to take part in the study ‐ DM II which has been diagnosed at least one year ago or before ‐ The onset of diabetes should be at age 30 or older. ‐ BMI between 25 to 30 Kg/ M2 ‐ Age: 31 to 65 years old ‐ 25(OH) VitD serum levels between 10‐30 ng/ml ‐ Hb A1c < 8% ‐ no history of smoking ‐ no history of alcohol ‐ no history of treatment with insulin ‐ no monopose/ no pregnancy ‐ no history of using agents interacting vit D like: corticosteroids, anti‐epileptics and OCP in last 6 month ‐ no history of using supplementary calcium and VitD in last 6 month ‐ no history of angina pectoris, MI & CVA in last 12 months ‐ no history of liver and kidney disease, chronic inflammatory diseases or thyroid diseases. ‐ no history of treatment with thiasolidindions ‐failing to use prescribed supplemetary agent on the regular program ‐any change in diet during the stu
 Thromboembolism, bleeding, and vascular death among older and younger nonvalvular atrial fibrillation patients with type 2 diabetes receiving rivaroxaban or warfarin;  Background: Advancing age and diabetes are common comorbidities among patients diagnosed with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF). In separate subanalyses of the Rivaroxaban Once Daily, Oral, Direct Factor Xa Inhibition Compared With Vitamin K Antagonism for Prevention of Stroke and Embolism Trial in Atrial Fibrillation (ROCKET AF), the relative efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban versus warfarin did not vary with by older (≥75 years old) or younger age (<75 years old) or with the presence or absence of diabetes. We sought to evaluate the impact of age on the comparative effectiveness and safety of rivaroxaban compared to warfarin in NVAF patients with comorbid diabetes treated in routine practice Methods: We performed an analysis using Optum® De‐Identified electronic health record (EHR) data from November 2010 to December 2019. This study included adults with NVAF and type 2 diabetes, newly started on either rivaroxaban or warfarin and who had ≥12‐months of EHR activity. Patients who were pregnant, had alternative indications for oral anticoagulation or valvular heart disease were excluded. To allow for the assessment of statistical interaction in outcome rates across age groups, we propensity score‐overlap weighted patients after stratification of eligible patients into older (≥80 years old) and younger (<80 years old) cohorts. Weighted incidence rates (%/year) of developing stroke or systemic embolism, or vascular death; hospitalization for major or clinically relevant nonmajor (CRNM) bleeding; and major adverse limb events (need for revascularization or major amputation of the lower limbs) for rivaroxaban and warfarin users with type 2 diabetes patients either ≥80 or <80 years old were reported. Propensity score‐overlap weighted hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using Cox regression employing a robust sandwich estimator. Patients were followed in the Cox regression models until time of outcome occurrence, end‐of‐EHR activity or end‐of‐data availability. P‐values for interaction across age subgroups were adjusted to control for false discovery rates due to multiple hypothesis testing. A p‐value <0.05 was considered statistically significant in all cases. Results: A total of 32,078 rivaroxaban (31% initiated on 15 mg dose) and 83,971 warfarin users (time‐in‐therapeutic range = 47±28%) with NVAF and comorbid type 2 diabetes were included in the present study. Mean follow‐up time was 2.9±1.9 years for rivaroxaban and 2.9±2.0 years for warfarin patients. There were 31,941 patients (28%) aged ≥80 years who were initiated on either rivaroxaban (n=6,606) or warfarin (n=25,335). Older patients had a higher mean CHA 2DS2VASc (4.4±1.2 versus 3.8±1.3) and modified HASBLED (1.7±0.7 versus 1.4±0.8) score compared to younger patients. Propensity score‐overlap weighted analyses found no statistically significant interaction for the relative effectiveness or safety of rivaroxaban versus warfarin across the older or younger age groups for the outcomes of stroke, systemic embolism, or vascular death (HR=0.93; 95%CI, 0.87‐1.00 versus HR=0.91; 95%CI, 0.86‐0.96), hospitalization for major or CRNM bleeding (HR=1.06; 95%CI, 0.96‐1.18 versus HR=0.90; 95%CI, 0.84‐0.96) or major adverse limb events (HR=0.79; 95%CI, 0.68‐0.94 versus HR=0.76; 95%CI, 0.70‐0.83) (Table). Major and intracranial bleeding were also observed significantly less frequently with rivaroxaban compared to warfarin regardless of patient age. Conclusions: The effectiveness and safety of rivaroxaban relative to warfarin remained consistent across older and younger patient subgroups, supporting rivaroxaban as an alternative for elderly NVAF patients with concomitant type 2 diabetes (NCT04509193).
 Acupressure in patients with pre-diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Acupressure with metformine group: After introducing and stating the aims of the study and obtaining written informed consent and patient cooperation to complete the study and after filling out the questionnaire, the researcher will learn how to pressure the points of interest. In this study a demographic and medical information questionnaire and a blood glucose index checklist were recorded. Then the subjects are positioned backwards, with the head 30 degrees above the shoulders, and the thumbs are positioned bilaterally on the SP6 point (4 fingers above the medial ankle). Massage in a clockwise and counterclockwise manner. For reduce anxiety, massage the p6 point for 5 minutes daily. Then, to ensure patient learning, the patient is massaged several times to allow the researcher to learn from the patient, and the rest is massaged. Pressure duration of 5 minutes for each point and every day of the week (5 minutes on both feet) with 10 seconds of massage and 2 seconds of rest, totaling 21 minutes (1 minute of 2 seconds rest between Massage is the point), performed for 12 consecutive weeks (18). Blood glucose and hemoglobin glycolysis and anxiety indices were measured and recorded in a laboratory before and after the intervention for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: Intervention group2: In the sham with metformine group, the procedure will be exactly the same as that of the test group, except that pressure is applied at points close to the acupressure points according to accredited acupuncture specialists in the field, who do not place this on the meridian. The order of pressure, mode of pressure, position of the patient, time, and amount of pressure in the test and sham groups were the same. It should be noted that in both groups, the pressure procedure will be CONDITION: Pre‐diabetes and Anxiety. ; Diabetes mellitus due to underlying condition PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood sugar indices. Timepoint: Before and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Anxiety questionnaire and blood test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having a definitive diagnosis of pre‐diabetes ‐ Having written and verbal consent to participate in the study ‐ Over 18 years of age ‐ Ability to communicate, absence of clear and clinically confirmed neuropathy ‐ Not known mental illness under treatment ‐ Absence of ulcer, Defects, allergies, and fractures in acupuncture targeted areas ‐ Failure to participate in other interventional studies ‐ Pregnancy and lactation (risk of miscarriage) ‐ No other serious illnesses ‐ No liver disease, kidney disease And heart failure
 dark chocolate effect on cardiovascular side effect of diabetes;  INTERVENTION: control: diet controlling, for two months Intervention 1: Intervention: diet controlling; 30 gram of 84% dark chocolate per day, for two months. Intervention 2: control: diet controlling, for two months. Intervention: diet controlling; 30 gram of 84% dark chocolate per day, for two months Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus type 2. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: at the first and at the end of intervention period. Method of measurement: ELISA. Angiotensin?. Timepoint: at the first and at the end of intervention period. Method of measurement: ELISA. Blood pressure. Timepoint: at the first and at the end of intervention period. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. Interleukine‐ 6. Timepoint: at the first and at the end of intervention period. Method of measurement: ELISA. Nitric oxide. Timepoint: at the first and at the end of intervention period. Method of measurement: ELISA. Tumor necrosis Factor‐a. Timepoint: at the first and at the end of intervention period. Method of measurement: ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: no food supplement consumption; body mass index 18.5‐34.9; 30‐60 years old; using only blood glucose reducing drugs, Metformin and Glibenclamide; willing to participate. Exclusion criteria: no appropriate corporation; any other disease; Obesity? (body mass index more than 34.9); pregnancy and lactating.
 Effects of Sacubitril/Valsartan Versus Telmisartan in Type 2 Diabetic or Pre-Diabetic Patients with Hypertension and Without Heart Failure: the Rationale and Design of A Randomized Clinical Trial;  BACKGROUND: Sacubitril/valsartan has revealed superior glycemic and blood pressure control compared with enalapril and irbesartan in patients with heart failure and type 2 diabetes and in individuals with chronic kidney disease. However, whether the effects of sacubitril/valsartan remain the same in those without heart failure is unknown. METHODS: A multicenter randomized double‐blinded trial will be carried out in five military hospitals in Taiwan for a period of 1 year. Participants with prior cardiovascular diseases and heart failure will be excluded. The purpose of the study is to compare the effects of sacubitril/valsartan (97/103 mg once or twice daily) on the temporal changes in fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, insulin resistance and blood pressure levels with telmisartan (40 mg once or twice daily) in individuals with stage 1‐3 hypertension and newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes or prediabetes who have an HbA1c ≥6.0% and a systolic blood pressure ≥130 mmHg or a diastolic blood pressure ≥85 mmHg. The inclusion criteria include the age of 35‐70 years, women who are not pregnant, estimated glomerular filtration rate ≥45 ml/min per 1.73m2 and B‐type natriuretic peptide levels <400 pg/ml. RESULTS: The sample size is estimated to be 502 participants for randomization according to an assumption of between‐person standard deviation in systolic blood pressure of 15 mmHg or in HbA1c of 1.5%, which provides ≥80% power (at p =0.05) to detect a difference in systolic blood pressure of 4 mmHg or in HbA1c of 0.3% at the final follow‐up. All participants will receive a comprehensive physical examination and tests for blood cell counts, blood biochemistry, urine analysis, 12‐lead electrocardiography and an echocardiography every 3 months. CONCLUSION: All analyses will be performed based on the intention‐to‐treat principle among all randomized participants.
 Vildalgliptin use in Type 2 Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Vildalgliptin Galvus Product Name: Vildalgliptin Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: metformin hydrochloride CAS Number: 657‐24‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 1000‐1350 Trade Name: Glucopahge Product Name: glucophage Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet CAS Number: 274901‐16‐5 Other descriptive name: galvus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 50‐100 CONDITION: Diabetes and Cardiac risk benefit in South Asians. ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10063624 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus inadequate control System Organ Class: 10027433 ‐ Metabolism and nutrition disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nutritional and Metabolic Diseases [C18] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Patients will be given Vildagliptin 50mg daily and metformin or continue with their sulphonylurea and metformin algorithm to determine if Vildagliptin is effective in reducing cardiac risk profiles in South Asians. Patients diagnosed with Type II diabetes will be recruited into a 12‐week, open labeled, randomized, case‐controlled clinical study Primary end point(s): We hypothesise that the enhanced cardiac risk in South Asians with T2DM reflects in part, increased glycaemic excursions and resultant periods of hypoglycaemia interspersed with episodes of oxidative stress. We also propose that vildagliptin by reducing glycaemic variability will decrease hypoglycaemia and reduce oxidative stress in diabetes to a greater extent than that achieved using sulphonylurea therapy. Ultimately we propose that this will translate into improved cardiovascular outcomes for South Asian patients with diabetes Secondary Objective: The secondary outcome exploratory endpoints include cardiac autonomic function and continuous glucose monitoring testing and standardized quality of life measures. Safety measures will include glycosolated haemaglobin, lipid profiles, thyroid function tests, fasting glucose, liver function tests and full blood count. Further secondary measures include oxidative stress measurements. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary outcome measure is the difference in MAGE in the vildagliptin and sulphonylurea treated subjects Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 3months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type 2 diabetes of at least 6 months duration; HbA1c should be 7‐9%. 2. Established on metformin and sulphonylurea combination therapy for at least 3 months 3. Body mass index from 25 kg/m2 to 45 kg/m2 4. Stable body weight (<10% variation for the 3 months prior to screening 5. Age between 18 and 75 years: 6. Women of childbearing potential must be using contraception to prevent pregnancy Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 33 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 33
 Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors versus Angiotensin Receptor Blockers for Control of Moderately Increased Albuminuria in Hypertensive Type 2 Diabetic Patients;  Background: Studies on head to head comparison of angiotensin‐converting enzyme inhibitors(ACEi) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) with reduction of albuminuria as a primary outcome in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and hypertension are limited. Methods: This was a single centre, prospective, randomized, open label, active controlled study carried out in patients with well controlled type 2 DM with hypertension and urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) of 20‐200μg/min. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy, renal artery stenosis, serum creatinine>1.5 mg/dl , blood pressure more than 180/110 mm Hg, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, cerebrovascular accident. Sixty patients were recruited from January 2013 to December 2014 and followed for 52 weeks. Patients were randomized to receive enalapril (n=30, group A) or losartan (n =30, group B) which were titrated to the maximum of 20 mg and 100 mg respectively. Patients with blood pressure of >150/95 mm of hg at the end of 8 weeks, were started on other antihypertensive drugs. Albumin excretion rate was calculated in a 24 hr sample using EIA. Results: The mean age(years) was 56±11.2 in group A and 54.10.8 in group B . Ratio of male to female was 16:14 in group A and it was 15:15 in group B. The mean SBP(mm of hg) , DBP(mm of hg) and UAER (μg/min )in group A were 167.73±10.58, 99.20±4.16 and 133.33±45.79 respectively and in group B were 159.13±10.49, 100.33±6.33 and 117.80±34.0 respectively. After 52 weeks of follow up there was significant decrease in mean SBP, DBP and UAER in both groups (p<0.0001, <0.0001 and 0.001 respectively for group A and P<0.0001, <0.0001 and <0.0001 respectively for group B ).On comparison there was no significant difference between enalapril and losartan on control of hypertension and UAER (p‐ 0.32 , 0.28 and 0.06 for SBP and DBP and UAER respectively). Conclusions: In patients with type 2 DM and hypertension, treatment with ACEi or ARBs is equally effective in reducing blood pressure and albuminuria.
 Safety and tolerability of the treatment of youth-onset type 2 diabetes: the TODAY experience;  OBJECTIVE: Data related to the safety and tolerability of treatments for pediatric type 2 diabetes are limited. The TODAY clinical trial assessed severe adverse events (SAEs) and targeted nonsevere adverse events (AEs) before and after treatment failure, which was the primary outcome (PO). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Obese 10‐ to 17‐year‐olds (N = 699) with type 2 diabetes for <2 years and hemoglobin A1c (A1C) ≤ 8% on metformin monotherapy were randomized to one of three treatments: metformin, metformin plus rosiglitazone (M + R), or metformin plus lifestyle program (M + L). Participants were followed for 2‐6.5 years. RESULTS: Gastrointestinal (GI) disturbance was the most common AE (41%) and was lower in the M + R group (P = 0.018). Other common AEs included anemia (20% before PO, 14% after PO), abnormal liver transaminases (16, 15%), excessive weight gain (7, 9%), and psychological events (10, 18%); the AEs were similar across treatments. Permanent medication reductions/discontinuations occurred most often because of abnormal liver transaminases and were lowest in the M + R group (P = 0.005). Treatment‐emergent SAEs were uncommon and similar across treatments. Most (98%) were unrelated or unlikely related to the study intervention. There were no deaths and only 18 targeted SAEs (diabetic ketoacidosis, n = 12; severe hypoglycemia, n = 5; lactic acidosis, n = 1). There were 62 pregnancies occurring in 45 participants, and 6 infants had congenital anomalies. CONCLUSIONS: The TODAY study represents extensive experience managing type 2 diabetes in youth and found that the three treatment approaches were generally safe and well tolerated. Adding rosiglitazone to metformin may reduce GI side effects and hepatotoxicity.
 Vitamin D in Pregnancy;  As vitamin D (vit‐D) is essential for growth and linked to placental function, health authorities recommend a daily 10µg vit‐D supplement in pregnancy. Despite the fact that 9 out of 10 women take supplements, more than 40% of pregnant women are vit‐D deficient, putting them at an increased risk of pregnancy complications like fetal growth restriction and pre‐eclampsia. These conditions affect 6‐10 % of all pregnancies, increasing the risk of preterm delivery, perinatal morbidity and mortality. In worse case, preeclampsia may also be fatal for the pregnant women herself. Around 20% of vit‐D intake comes from the diet (e.g. fish, egg yolk) and the rest from sun‐exposure. However, in Denmark, there is not enough sunlight from October to March to fuel vit‐D synthesis underlining the need for supplementation. The high prevalence of vit‐D deficiency indicates that current guidelines are not sufficient. Indeed, today´s recommendations date back to a small‐scale 1986 Norwegian study not taking into account dietary differences such as the high intake of fish in Norway. Since then, accumulating evidence has linked exposure to pregnancy complications and vit‐D deficiency per see to long‐term health problems in the affected children. This include a higher risk of asthma, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity schizophrenia, neurodevelopmental problems and multiple sclerosis. Notably, the affected women also suffer an increased risk of disease, e.g. heart disease in later life. Vitamin D supplements in the range of 90‐100 µg are safe in pregnancy, but it is not yet known if and to what extent increased vitamin D supplementation prevents pregnancy‐related diseases. Combining clinical testing of 90 µg vitamin D supplements, with identification of which placental pathways that are affected by vit‐D would considerably improve our understanding of disease pathophysiology and the role of vit‐D and improve the health of future generations in an easily implementable way.
 The effect of herbal supplement in type 2 diabetes treatment;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The placebo will be prescribed one tablet orally per day to the control group for two months. Intervention 2: The herbal formulation will be prescribed one tablet orally per day to the intervention group for two months. The herbal formulation will be prescribed one tablet orally per day to the intervention group for two months. The placebo will be prescribed one tablet orally per day to the control group for two months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus Diabetes. ; Diabetes mellitus E10‐E14 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood Glucose. Timepoint: In the beginning and at the end of 4th and 8th weeks of the trial. Method of measurement: Blood test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood insulin. Timepoint: In the beginning and at the end of 4th and 8th weeks of the trial. Method of measurement: Blood test. Cholesterol and triglyceride. Timepoint: In the beginning and at the end of 8th week of the trial. Method of measurement: Blood test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:newly diagnosed diabetes according to ADA 2014 (FPG=>126 mg/dl or HgA1C=>6.4% or BS=>200 mg/dl after OGTT or random BS =>200 and hyperglycemic symptoms); age 30‐65 years; signed consent form. Exclusion criteria: Diabetes type 1; insulin injection during 8 weeks ago; serious infectious diseases; renal failure (GFR< 50 cc/min/); liver failure ( high ALTor/and AST more than 3 times above normal range); cardiac failure; pregnancy and/or breast feeding; past history of seizure or epilepsy.
 The effect of garlic tablet on plasma nitric oxide levels and prevention of preeclampsia in healthy nulliparous women: a randomized controlled trial;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Placebo, oral, quite similar to garlic tablet, every 12 hours 1 tablet for 16 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: Garlic tablet, 400 milligram, oral, every 12 hours 1 tablet for 16 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo, oral, quite similar to garlic tablet, every 12 hours 1 tablet for 16 weeks. Intervention group: Garlic tablet, 400 milligram, oral, every 12 hours 1 tablet for 16 weeks Prevention CONDITION: Supervision of normal first pregnancy Supervision of normal first pregnancy for prevention of preeclampsia. ; Supervision of normal first pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Plasma nitric oxide level. Timepoint: 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Nitric oxide kit. The frequency of preeclampsia incidence. Timepoint: Before intervention, 6‐10,11‐14, 15‐17 and 18‐20 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: The blood pressure according to millimeter of mercury using a mercury sphygmomanometer and random urine albumin using diagnostic strips for urine protein assay. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Neonatal anthropometric indexes. Timepoint: After the termination of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Growth monitoring card. The frequency of preterm delivery incidence. Timepoint: During 16 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: The folder summary sheet in Health centers. The frequency of side events incidence. Timepoint: 8 and 16 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: The side events check list. The patients satisfaction level of received drug. Timepoint: 8 and 16 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: The check list of satisfaction of received drug. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having ultrasound based on singleton pregnancy and baby health, 20 weeks pregnancy (according to gestational age in the early pregnancy ultrasound), pregnant women 18‐35 years, failure to alcohol and tobacco, having at least read and write, having telephone number for follow‐up Exclusion criteria: Systemic diseases such as diabetes mellitus, heart disease, kidney and... according to pregnant women statement, history of clotting disorders, history of hypertension disorder before pregnancy and during current pregnancy, body mass index equal to or greater than 30 kilograms per square meter, systolic blood pressure lower than 100 mmhg, history of allergy to garlic according to pregnant women statement, intake garlic more than 1 serving a day or more than 10 serving per week, participate in other similar studies.
 Therapeutic Effect of Pioglitazone in Diabetic Patients with Renal Transplantation;  INTERVENTION: Daily one 15 mg Pioglitazone tablet addition to routine insulin therapy for four months Daily one placebo tablet addition to routine insulin therapy Intervention 1: Daily one 15 mg Pioglitazone tablet addition to routine insulin therapy for four months. Intervention 2: Daily one placebo tablet addition to routine insulin therapy. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus. Condition 2: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus. Condition 3: Kidney transplant failure and rejection. ; Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus ; Kidney transplant failure and rejection Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Kidney transplant failure and rejection Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood Cholesterol. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. Blood hs CRP. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. Blood Triglyceride. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. Blood uric acid. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. High density lipoprotein (HDL). Timepoint: Before treatment and six months after treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. Low density lipoprotein (LDL). Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four month treatment. Method of measurement: kg/m2. Waste circle. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Centimeter. Weight. Timepoint: Before treatment and after four months treatment. Method of measurement: Kilograms. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who had undergone kidney transplantation at Labbafinejad hospital within one month after transplantation and diagnosis of diabetes had been confirmed, without age or gender limitation. Exclusion criteria: Cigarette smoker; patients with heart failure FC II & III; hepatitis B and C; GFR less than 30; pregnancy; acute rejection with progressive renal impairment; creatinine more than 1 mg/dl
 The combination effect of five herbal drugs" Peganum harmala, Quercus infectoria,Vaccinium myrtillus, Citrullos colocynthis, Securigera securidaca" on blood glucose in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: capsule contains 500 mg of combination of 5 herbal drug, twice daily for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo group: flour of bean capsul, twice daily for 8 weeks. Intervention group: capsule contains 500 mg of combination of 5 herbal drug, twice daily for 8 weeks Placebo Placebo group: flour of bean capsul, twice daily for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: FBS. Timepoint: before and 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. HbA1C. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile. Timepoint: before and 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. Serum insulin. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. Weight. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: weight Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 30 to 80, HbA1C 6.5 to 8% .Exclusions criteria: Immune deficiency, pregnancy and lactation, cardiovascular disease, currently receiving corticosteroids and thiazide, uncontrolled thyroid dysfunction, acute infection ,history of diabetic ketoacidosis , Cr>1.5 for male, Cr>1.2 for female, acute hepatitis, cirrhosis, proliferative retinopathy and severe weight loss (at least 10% during last 6 months)
 Effect of sesamin supplementation in diabetic patient;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Sesamine supplement, 200 mg caps per day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo group: placebo caps for 6 weeks. Intervention group: Sesamine supplement, 200 mg caps per day for 8 weeks Placebo group: placebo caps for 6 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Blood Pressure. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Medical mercury sphygmomanometer. Dietary Factors. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: 24h recall. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. HDL.c. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Hemoglobin A1c. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Chromatography. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. IL‐6. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Insulin. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. LDL.c. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: TBARS. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body adiposity index. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Hip circumference (cm)/height (m)1.5 – 18. Body fat%. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: omron. Body weight. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: scale. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: meter. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: meter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Main INCLUSION CRITERIA: : having type 2 diabetes; 30 to 60 years old; BMI<30; Not having severe cardiovascular, hepatic, kidney, gastrointestinal, thyroid or inflammatory diseases; Not using insulin or taking corticosteroids, NSAIDS, immunosuppressives, multivitamin‐mineral, fiber and omega 3 supplements since 3 weeks prior to the study and during intervention period; No smoking or addiction; No pregnancy or lactation; Not having any weight loose or weight gain regimes; No use of antibiotics. Main exclusion criteria: drug type and dose fluctuation during intervention period; unwilling to continue the study; looking sensitivity or allergy.
 Effect of probiotic supplementation on diabetic nephropathy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7, 200 cc orally, once a day for 2 months. Intervention 2: Soy milk without lactobacillus plantarum A7 , 200 cc orally, once a day for 2 months. Soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7, 200 cc orally, once a day for 2 months Soy milk without lactobacillus plantarum A7 , 200 cc orally, once a day for 2 months Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Diabetic nephropathy. ; Glomerular disorders in diabetes mellitus E11.21 Glomerular disorders in diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: GFR. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: ml/min , calculation. HsCRP. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , ELISA. IL‐18. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: ?g/ml , ELISA. Physical activity. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: Met‐h/wk , Questionnaire. Proteinuria. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/day, Biochemical analysis. Serum cholestrol. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , biochemical analysis. Serum creatinine. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , biochemical analysis. Serum HDL‐C. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , biochemical analysis. Serum LDL‐C. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , biochemical analysis. Serum sialic acid. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mmol/l , ELISA. Serum triglyceride. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , biochemical analysis. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: ?g/ml , ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl , Biochemical analysis. Serum genistein. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: nmol/l , TR‐FIA. Serum potassium. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl ,flame photometry. Serum sodium. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after beginning of the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl ,flame photometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having T2DM ;having micro or macro albuminuria ;GFR higher than 60 ml/min ;not having hepatic gastrointestinal and thyroid diseases ;not having rheumatoid arthritis ;not having any kind of allergy or acute infection ;not consuming vitamin mineral or omega‐3 supplements 3 weeks before beginning of the trial and during the trial ;not consuming antibiotics 1 month before the trial and during the trial ;absence of pregnancy or lactating ;not smoking ;not having any specific diet. Exclusion criteria: Not adhering to the administrated diet ;occurrence of other kidney diseases ;cardiac ischemia ;gastrointestinal ;hepatic or thyroid diseases ;acute infection ;needing to be dialysed ;undergoing kidney transplantation ;any kind of surgery or occurrence of pregnancy ;starting to consume drugs that may affect protein excretion such as NSAIDs or ACE‐I.
 Effect of vitamin D supplementation on diabetes type 2;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: placebo group will recieve placebo capsul made of hard jellatinous material as the same method as intervention group. Intervention 2: Intervention group will recieve 50000 IU vitamin D3 every 2 weeks for 3 months orally. Intervention group will recieve 50000 IU vitamin D3 every 2 weeks for 3 months orally. placebo group will recieve placebo capsul made of hard jellatinous material as the same method as intervention group. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes type 2. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hb A1C. Timepoint: just before after 3 months of intervention. Method of measurement: high performance liquid chromatography method using G8 TOSO Ssystem. HOMA ‐ IR. Timepoint: just before and 3 months after intervension. Method of measurement: insulin* 360 / glucose ‐63 %. HOMA‐Beta. Timepoint: just before after 3 months of intervention. Method of measurement: glucose* insulin /405. Insulin resistance and glycemic control (glucose*insulin/405). Timepoint: just before and after 3 months of intervention. Method of measurement: alisun 3000 measure system. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Determination and comparison of the distribution of vitamin D (25 (OH) D) levels before and after treatment in both intervention and control groups. Timepoint: just before and after 3 months of intervention. Method of measurement: Chemiluminescence method using liusun system. INCLUSION CRITERIA: inclusion critera : 1) patients with diabetes type 2 according to ADA criteria 2011 and under treatment with oral hypoglycemic agents, 2) HbA1C = 8.5%, 3) patients with 21‐60 of age, 4) BMI>20 exclusion criteria : 1) end stage diseases of organs such as ESRD,chronic liver disease 2)GFR=30ml/min, 3) hypercalcemia and kidney stones,4) known primary hyperparathyroidism,5) heart diseases included ischemic heart disease, heart failure,cardiomyopathy,6) sarcoidosis,7) TB ,8) cancer,9) history of IBD ,10) pregnancy,11) SBP/SDP=175/104 mmHg ,12) consumption of vitamin D supplement over 400 IU within 2 months prior to intervention
 The effect of Ribes khorassanicum in diabetes treatment;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: patients will be treated with Ribes khorassanicum hydro ethanolic extract (1 capsule = 500 mg, every 12 h) for 3 months. Intervention 2: Placebo group: patients will be treated with placebo (1 capsule = 500 mg, every 12 h) for 3 months. Intervention group: patients will be treated with Ribes khorassanicum hydro ethanolic extract (1 capsule = 500 mg, every 12 h) for 3 months. Placebo Placebo group: patients will be treated with placebo (1 capsule = 500 mg, every 12 h) for 3 months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2‐h post‐prandial. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic kit. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. FBS. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic kit. HbA1c. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic kit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Body mass index. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: height (cm), weight (kg), BMI (kg/square meters). Creatinine. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic kit. Fasting blood levels of lipids. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic kit. Hepatic Enzymes. Timepoint: Before intervention, 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 35‐60, with 6 month diagnosed diabetes (FBS=126 mg/dL, Blood sugar, 2‐h post‐prandial = 200 mg/dL and HbA1c = 6.5) and used anti‐diabetic drug. Exclusion criteria: Patients with cardiac, renal, and hepatic diseases, patients who had concomitant infections, insulin injection, smoking, pregnancy and breast‐feeding, patients with recent (in the last month) and concurrent use of herbal medications, aspirin, anticoagulant drug and any report of probable side effect of this study intervention.
 Q10 supplementation in type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: control group:168 coenzyme placebo capsules will be given to patients and ask them to use 2 of them with their lunch and dinner. Intervention 1: Intervention group:168 coenzyme q10 capsules(100 mg) will be given to patients and ask them to use 2 of them with their lunch and dinner. Intervention 2: control group:168 coenzyme placebo capsules will be given to patients and ask them to use 2 of them with their lunch and dinner. Intervention group:168 coenzyme q10 capsules(100 mg) will be given to patients and ask them to use 2 of them with their lunch and dinner. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 diabetis. ; Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Glucose. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic calorimetric. HbA1c. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: HPLC. HDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic calorimetric. Insulin resistance index. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Calculation. Insulin sensitivity index. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Calculation. LDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Turbidometry. Plasma ADMA. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Serum Fasting Insulin. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Radioimmuno assey. Serum nitric oxide. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Measurment. Serum Total Cholestrol. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic calorimetric. Serum Triglyceride. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic calorimetric. SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: calculation. Height. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: meter. Hip circumference. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: meter. Macronutrients. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. SBP AND DBP. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: manometer. Waist circumference. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: meter. Waist/Hip ratio. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: calculation. Weight. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of 12 weeks. Method of measurement: seca scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: men and women aged between 20 to 60 years old, Body mass index(BMI) between 25 to35; diabetes mellitus disease duration for 2‐15 years; having a stable diet and exercise plan and havinga fix drug schedule. Exclusion criteria: history of clinical signs or symptoms of GI diseases, liver disease, renal disease, coronary artery disease, thyroid diseases, respiratory disease, hypertension, type 1 diabetes and cancer; history of using drugs, such as anti‐ hypertensive, anti hyperlipidemia, diuretic, esterogene, progesterone, OCP, vitamin or omega 3 supplement, insulin injection and alcohol abuse; cigarette smoking; pregnancy and lactation.
 Comparison of Effects of Sublingual Misoprostol and Infusion Oxytocin in Reduction of Bleeding at Cesarean;  INTERVENTION: Intervention group:sublingual misoprostol 200micrograms Control groups:Infusion20 unit oxytocin,misoprostol 400 micrograms Intervention group:sublingual misoprostol 200micrograms Control groups:Infusion20 unit oxytocin,misoprostol 400 micrograms. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Child birth and priperium. ; O60‐O75 O00‐O99 O60‐O75 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Intraoperative bleeding. Timepoint: At the time of surgery. Method of measurement: Measured with the blood suctioned in cc by the graded container. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in basal pulse rate. Timepoint: Before surgery & intraoperative & 6 hrs after surgery. Method of measurement: Pulse rate in one minute. Changing of blood pressure. Timepoint: Before surgery & intraoperative & 6 hrs after surgery. Method of measurement: Measuring with Sphygmomanometer. Diarrhea. Timepoint: Before & 6 hrs after surgery. Method of measurement: question about change in frequency of defecation or its consistency (watery stool). Fever. Timepoint: During 48 hrs after surgery, measured every 3 hours. Method of measurement: Persist fever more than 38 ° c, with thermometer. Vomiting. Timepoint: Before & 6 hrs after surgery. Method of measurement: Question about forceful expulsion of stomach contents. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria:Elective or Emergency Cesarean Deliveries with Incision in Lower Segment of uterus, Gestational Age more than 37 Weeks Exclusion criteria:Anemia;Multiple pregnancy;Polyhydraminus;Prolonged labor;Premature rupture of membrane, History of diabetes mellitus,Hypertension,Cardiovascular disease,coagulopathy disorders, Placenta Previa & Placenta Abruption, Vaginal Bleeding.
 Effect of garlic tables on with diabetes type 2;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Taking 3 placebo tablets at doses of 400 mg for 12 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group:Taking 3 tablets of 400 mg of garlic, for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: Taking 3 placebo tablets at doses of 400 mg for 12 weeks. Intervention group:Taking 3 tablets of 400 mg of garlic, for 12 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus Diabetes mellitus type 2. ; Diabetes mellitus E10, E11, PRIMARY OUTCOME: HbA1c. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric( GOD‐PAP)Photometric method for single point measurements. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. CHO. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric( GOD‐PAP)Photometric method for single point measurements. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric( GOD‐PAP)Photometric method for single point measurements. HDL. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric( GOD‐PAP)Photometric method for single point measurements. LDL. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric( GOD‐PAP)Photometric method for single point measurements. Leptin hormon. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA method. TG. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric( GOD‐PAP)Photometric method for single point measurements. Visfatin hormon. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA method. Waist. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Meter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion Criteria for Control and Intervention group : age between 20 to 60 years ; have diabetes and their diabetes have been diagnosed for 5 years. Exclusion Criteria for Control and Intervention group : Disorders and diseases of the kidney, liver, heart ‐ cardiovascular, blood pressure, thyroid and cancer ; Taking vitamin supplements or antioxidant in recent months ; Pregnancy and lactation ; insulin injections ; Smoking during the last 5 to 6 years ; Participation in another research project ; less than 80 percent of people who took garlic tablets ; People who have a change in the type and dose of your medication
 Tracheotomy In Patients With Covid-19;  Relevance. The coronavirus rush, which has appeared since December 2019, has an impact on economic, medical, and social development in all countries of the world. There are still no standard diagnostic and therapeutic plans aimed at limiting this infection. Purpose. To determine the therapeutic role of tracheostomy with patients with coronavirus infection. Material. The prospective study of 100 patients with coronavirus infection was carried out on the basis of State Budgetary Healthcare Institution “Interdistrict Multidisciplinary Hospital” in Nartkala city. When patients were admitted to the clinic, they were randomized into 2 groups depending on the therapy: the first group (comparison, n=50) – patients received traditional therapy in intensive care; the second (main, n=50) group – patients underwent tracheostomy in addition to standard therapy. The average age was 56.2±4.8 years. The women’s average age was 55 years (55.0%), and the men’s – 45 years (45.0%). Methods. Determination of the syndrome of endogenous intoxication, taxation of lipid peroxidation intensification. The local microcirculation was investigated by the apparatus LAKK‐02. The activity of the coagulation‐lytic blood system was found by thrombelastograph TEG® 5000. Results. Early COVID‐19 infection demonstrates signs of intoxication, oxidative depression, phospholipase activity, microcirculatory and hemostatic disorders. These changes were the cause of the development of life‐threatening complications (neurological, pulmonary, cardiac, etc.). They were associated with the type of treatment. Traditional treatment and the use of mask oxygen turned out to be ineffective, since the homeostasis system disorders remained throughout the investigation period. The inclusion of tracheostomy in traditional therapy makes it possible to quickly improve the course of pathology as it purposefully affects the pathogenetic links of the homeostasis system. Conclusion. The use of tracheostomy in the scheme of standard treatment of coronavirus infection allows improving the effectiveness of general therapy of COVID‐19 patients, especially with severe forms.
 Double blind, randomised, comparative, multicentre, parallel-group study design to evaluate the effects of Pioglitazone on cardiovascular risk markers in type 2 diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Pioglitazone via oral route 30‐45 mg/day for a period of 16 weeks. At randomization Pioglitazone 30 mg/day will be given. At follow‐up visits response to treatment will be assessed. Patient should be considered as non responder and it is suggested to be titrated to on higher dose (45 mg/day) when fasting blood glucose is >140mg/dL. CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change from baseline of C‐reactive protein assessed by blood analysis SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes from baseline of markers of inflammatory response: adhesion proteins (P‐selectin, E‐selectin, Intracellular Cell Adhesion Molecule‐1 [ICAM‐1] and Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule‐1 [VCAM‐1]), CD40L and Interleukin‐6 [IL‐6] assessed by blood analysis Changes from baseline of markers of oxidative stress (8‐iso‐prostaglandin‐F2 alpha, nitro‐tirosine) assessed by urinary and blood analysis Changes from baseline of markers of platelet activation and thrombogenesis (urinary levels of 11‐dehydroThromboxane B2, circulating levels of Tissue Factor [TF], Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor‐1 [PAI‐1]) assessed by urinary and blood analysis Changes from baseline of standard glucidic parameters (fasting blood glucose, Glycosilated haemoglobin [HbA1c], serum insulin)assessed by blood analysis Changes from baseline of standard lipidic parameters (total cholesterol, High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol [HDL‐C], Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol [LDL‐C], Very Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol [VLDL‐C], triglycerides, free fatty acids) assessed by blood analysis Safety of the investigational study drug by adverse event recording will be assessed and standard haematology and blood chemistry parameters and vital signs will be measured. ; For example the decrease in the levels of liver enzymes will be evaluated by haematology parameters. INCLUSION CRITERIA: diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus age >=35 and <=75 years subjects of either sex HbA1c levels <=9.0% treatment only by diet from at least 3 months female patients had to be postmenopausal, hysterectomised or surgically sterilized or using reliable and adequate contraceptive methods (oral contraception or Intra‐uterine Devices [IUD]) female (childbearing potential) patients had to show a negative response to pregnancy test a co‐operative attitude and ability to be trained to use correctly the investigational study drugs and to attain the study procedures written informed consent provided
 5 EFFECT OF EMPAGLIFLOZIN ON LIVER FAT IN METABOLICDYSFUNCTION ASSOCIATED STEATOTIC LIVER DISEASE PATIENTS WITHOUT DIABETES MELLITUS: a RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED TRIAL;  Background: While sodium‐glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors improves cardiovascular and renal outcomes irrespective of diabetes mellitus (DM) status, their effects in metabolicdysfunction associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) patients without diabetes mellitus (DM) are unknown. Methods: This was an investigator‐initiated, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled trial recruiting adult subjects from the community between March 2021 and April 2022. Eligible subjects had magnetic resonance imaging‐proton density fat fraction [MRI‐PDFF] ≥5% but without DM (fasting plasma glucose <7mmol/L and HbA1c <6.5%). They were randomly allocated to receive empagliflozin 10mg daily or placebo (1:1 ratio) for 52 weeks (end of treatment, EOT). MRI‐PDFF was conducted at baseline and EOT. Exclusion criteria included DM, alcoholism, concurrent chronic liver diseases, decompensated cirrhosis, prior malignancy, pregnancy and contraindications to empagliflozin use and MRI. The primary outcome was the difference in changes of MRI‐PDFF between two groups at EOT. Secondary outcomes were resolution of hepatic steatosis (MRI‐PDFF <5%) and changes of anthroprometic and laboratory parameters at EOT. All outcomes were based on intention‐to‐treat analysis. Results: Of 98 recruited subjects (median age 55.7years [IQR:49.5‐63.4]; male:54 [55.1%]), 97 (empagliflozin:49; placebo:48) had MRI‐PDFF repeated at EOT. The median MRI‐PDFF at baseline was 9.7% and 9.0%, respectively. At EOT, empagliflozin group had a greater drop in median MRI‐PDFF than placebo group (– 2.49% vs –1.43%; p=0.025), with a trend of resolution of hepatic steatosis (44.9% vs 28.6%; p=0.094). Empagliflozin group had a greater drop in body weight (–2.7 vs –0.2kg; p<0.001), waist circumference (–2.0 vs –0.4cm; p=0.015), fasting glucose (–0.3 vs 0mmol/L; p<0.001) and ferritin (–126 vs –22pmol/L; p=0.030) compared with placebo group. Conclusions: Treatment with empagliflozin for 52 weeks reduces hepatic fat content in MASLD subjects without DM, together with reduction in serum ferritin, fasting glucose and anthropometric parameters (body weight and waist circumference). Funding: This work was funded by a research grant from the General Research Fund, Research Grant Council, The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (Ref: 17110420). [table presented]
 Improving the diabetic heart’s energy efficiency;  INTERVENTION: This is a single‐centre, prospective, randomized, open‐label mechanistic study. Type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either Mito‐Q 40mg od for 16 weeks or receive no additional treatment. Patients will be identified from Yorkshire local GP practices and enrolled and followed up in a single centre at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust. Study duration: 16‐week open‐label study period. Setting: Tertiary cardiac centre – Leeds General Infirmary and University of Leeds Study population: 70 adult T2D patients (35 per drug arm). Potential participants will be invited to the Advanced Imaging Centre (AIC) at the Leeds General Infirmary for a screening/ baseline visit (Visit 1). At this visit, they will be given the PIS to read through, and given the opportunity to ask questions. If they are interested in participating, their consent will be taken in written form. Each participant will then have a series of non‐invasive tests. At this baseline visit, the following assessments will be done: Visit 1 (Baseline; week 0) ‐ approximately 3 hours • Review of medical history and concomitant medications • Review of patients' history of diabetes and complications • Review of inclusion/exclusion criteria • Collection of demographic data • Height and weight • Urine pregnancy test in women of childbearing potential • Written informed consent Baseline assessments • Vital signs • Physical examination • 12‐lead ECG • Blood pressure • Venepuncture (fasting sample): 20mls for the assessment of NTproBNP, HbA1c levels • Multiparametric MRI • Randomization • Dispense Mitoquinone and issue patient diary At this visit, participants will be randomized to receive either Mitoquinone or receive no additional treatment over the standard treatment patien CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in myocardial resting PCr/ATP ratio (a sensitive indicator of myocardial energy levels) measured using MRI after 16 weeks of treatment; SECONDARY OUTCOME: The following secondary outcomes measured using MRI are assessed at 16 weeks: ; 1. Percent difference in myocardial PCr/ATP from rest to stress; 2. Myocardial blood flow (rest and stress myocardial blood flow); 3. Global longitudinal strain; 4. Biventricular ejection fraction; 5. Diastolic function (mitral inflow E/A ratio) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Men and women >18 years of age 2. T2D patients with the ability and willingness to provide written informed consent and to comply with the requirements of the study
 The effects of self-directed walking and/or step training combined with a mobile phone based adaptive coaching system in type 2 diabetes mellitus;  INTERVENTION: Interventions as of 11/10/2018: Some changes were made to the study, largely to do with challenges in recruitment. The methods for the study, in the preliminary version of the journal article, are below. A summary of the main changes: 2 populations were included, type 2 diabetics and sedentary middle aged individuals. There was no non‐intervention control group but rather the groups had a run‐in period and acted as controls for one another. T2DM patients were recruited through 3 diabetes outpatient clinics in one public and one private hospital. Non T2DM individuals were recruited via emails sent to university staff and alumni and through word of mouth. Participants were not engaged in regular or formal physical activity and were between 30 and 65 (Non T2DM) or 40 and 65 (T2DM) years of age. Written consent was given by the university ethics committee and by the ethics committees of the 2 hospitals. Individuals with any mental, neurological, cardiovascular, musculoskeletal or orthopaedic deficiency contra‐indicating training and/or muscular testing or making it impossible or preventing knowing consent to the study were not included. Individuals with current infectious or inflammatory condition, evidence of chronic renal failure or liver disease, severe proliferative diabetic retinopathy, current or recent pregnancy were also excluded. T2DM participants were not treated with insulin and had a HbA1c of between 53‐86mmol/mol and the non T2DM participants also had no other chronic illness or disorder. In total there were 4 intervention groups and for both population groups there were 2 interventions to which to which participants were randomised. The 2 sets of interventions were identical for both so that there was one intervention group from each population conducting the same intervention as a group from the other population. For both interventions, the exercise protocol was similar and was designed using recent literature with the aim of yielding a high complian CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Adherence to the exercise prescription is assessed using logbooks in the exercise alone group and using logbooks and self reported adherence in the mobile phone application in the exercise and coaching app group at 16 weeks (exercise groups only); 2. Physical activity levels are measured using the Active Australia Survey at baseline and 16 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Confirmed diagnosis of T2DM > 6 months 2. Sedentary – not currently participating in any physical activity (in line with results of the Active Australia Survey) 3. Treated with oral hypoglycaemic agents and diet alone and not with insulin 4. Aged 40‐65 years 5. Male and Female 6. Hba1c 7‐10% SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome measures as of 09/10/2018:; 1. Weight is measured using a weighing scales at baseline and 16 weeks; 2. BMI is calculated using height and weight measurements taken at baseline and 16 weeks; 3. Neuromuscular function using electromyography (EMG) during isometric and isokinetic dynamometry at different speeds at baseline and 16 weeks; 4. Functional fitness is measured using the 6 minute walk test at baseline and 16 weeks; 5. Grip strength is measured using a hand grip dynamometer at baseline and 16 weeks; 6. Lipid profile is measured using blood testing at baseline and 16 weeks; 7. Glycated haemoglobin is measured using blood samples collected at baseline and 16 weeks; ; Exit interviews were conducted to allow for qualitative analysis of the interventions.; ; Previous secondary outcome measures:; 1. Weight is measured using a weighing scales at baseline and 16 weeks; 2. BMI is calculated using height and weight measurements taken at baseline and 16 weeks; 3. Blood pressure is measured using a sphygmomanometer at baseline and 16 weeks; 4. Neuromuscular function using electromyography (EMG) during isometric and isokinetic dynamometry at different speeds at baseline and 16 weeks; 5. Functional fitness is measured using the 6 minute walk test at baseline and 16 weeks; 6. Grip strength is measured using a hand grip dynamometer at baseline and 16 weeks; 7. Lipid profile is measured using blood testing at baseline and 16 weeks; 8. Glycated haemoglobin is measured using blood samples collected at baseline and 16 weeks
 The effects of probiotic yoghurt on type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The subjects in the intervention group consume 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 106 colony of both Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis bacteria. Intervention 2: Subjects in the control group consume 300g/d conventional yogurt. Subjects in the control group consume 300g/d conventional yogurt. The subjects in the intervention group consume 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 106 colony of both Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis bacteria Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: Befor and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Gi symptoms. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Gi symptoms questionarie. HDL‐c. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Hemoglobin A1c. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Chromatography. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Interlukine‐6. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. LDL‐c. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Friedewald Formula. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body weight. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Digital scale. Dietary Factors. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: 3‐day 24h dietary recalls. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Meter. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Meter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: having type 2 diabetes, 35 to 55 years old, BMI =30, LDL level more than 100 mg/dl. Exclusion criteria: cardiovascular disease,renal dysfunction,chronic inflammatory diseases; inflammatory bowel disease, thyroid disorders and lactose intolerance, treatment with insulin and taking corticosteroids, NSAIDS, immunosuppressives, cholesterol lowering drugs, multivitamin‐mineral , fiber and omega 3 supplements, smoking, pregnancy and lactation, having any weight loose or weight gain regimes, use of antibiotics
 The effects of probiotic yoghurt on type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control Group:Conventional Yoghurt,300 gr/day,6 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention Group:Probiotic Yoghurt,300 gr/day,6 weeks. Intervention 2: Control Group:Conventional Yoghurt,300 gr/day,6 weeks. Intervention Group:Probiotic Yoghurt,300 gr/day,6 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Catalase. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Hugo Aebi Method. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Glutathione peroxidase. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. HDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Hemoglobin A1c. Timepoint: baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Chromatography. HOMA‐IR. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Formula. HsCRP. Timepoint: baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: immunotorbidometry. Insulin. Timepoint: baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: ELIZA. LDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Friedewald Formula. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Superoxide dismutase. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC). Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Formula. Dietary Factors. Timepoint: Baseline and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: 3‐day 24h dietary recalls. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: having type 2 diabetes, 30 to 60 years old, LDL level more than 100 mg/Dl Exclusion criteria: having the renal or hepatic failure, cardiovascular disease, inflammatory bowel disease, thyroid disorders and lactose intolerance, treatment with insulin and taking corticosteroids, NSAIDS, immunosuppressives, cholesterol lowering drugs, multivitamin‐mineral and fiber supplements, BMI more than 35 Kg/m2, smoking, pregnancy and lactation, use of multivitamin‐mineral and fiber supplements 3 weeks prior to the study, use of antibiotics 1 month the study and during the study, having acute gastrointestinal disorders 1 month prior to the study and during the study
 The effects of cinnamon and whortleberry for treatment of diabetes;  INTERVENTION: For control group: Two 500 mg starch capsules per day after breakfast and lunch for three months For first intervention group: Two 500 mg cinnamon capsules per day after breakfast and lunch for three months For second intervention group: Two 500 mg whortleberry capsules per day after breakfast and lunch for three months Intervention 1: For control group: Two 500 mg starch capsules per day after breakfast and lunch for three months. Intervention 2: For second intervention group: Two 500 mg whortleberry capsules per day after breakfast and lunch for three months. Intervention 3: For first intervention group: Two 500 mg cinnamon capsules per day after breakfast and lunch for three months. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus type II. E10‐E14 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum fassting blood sugar. Timepoint: Before intervention, one and half and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum Hb A1C. Timepoint: Before intervention and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Before intervention, one and half and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: According to kg/m2 with using standard meter and scale. Serum insulin. Timepoint: Before intervention and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diabetic patients with fasting blood sugar more than or equal to 126 mg/dl, Hb A1C above 6 percent, not having any underlying disease, treating with oral hypoglycemic drugs Exclusion criteria: Presence of underlying disease like as renal, connective tissue, cardiac, thyroid, or adrenal diseases, Following an especial type of diet or doing exercise; receiving insulin or taking cinnamon or whortleberry supplemental products; Smoking, drinking alcohol; pregnancy, lactation
 MumCare: mum's Cardiovascular Health for Life;  Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of premature death and morbidity in women. CVD prevention is most effective when started at subclinical stages. Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes are female sex‐specific risk factors for CVD. Postpartum follow‐up programs for the primary prevention of CVD following these complications are not offered today. In the MumCare study, a randomized control trial (RCT) will test a new eHealth app that promotes a personalized cardiovascular (CV) health optimization in young women after such pregnancy complications. The study will first assess users' expectations of eHealth‐assisted follow‐up following the aforementioned pregnancy complications. These users will test and help fine‐tune the new MumCare app, which integrates patient self‐registered health data with an educational follow‐up program based on Norwegian obstetric ‐ and the Norwegian Directorate of Health guidelines. The study will recruit women to use the MumCare app in a 1:1 RCT lasting 18 months postpartum. App use (in the active study arm) will be registered in secure IT systems. The primary outcome for comparison between groups (women with and without app access) is the rate of 1‐year postpartum follow‐up with a general practitioner (as recommended in the obstetric guidelines). Secondary outcomes include user‐reported outcomes (such as health empowerment and quality of life) and objective risk factors for CVD (evaluated 14‐18 months postpartum in all study groups, including assessment of CV risk factors, CV function and biomarkers).
 The effect of carbohydrate on breast feeding;  INTERVENTION: Control group : persons ingested 800 ml of the oral carbohydrate (0kcal/100ml) the day before operation between 8 and 24 hours. there were no food or drink restriction before midnight. After midnight , persons were allowed no oral intake except another 400 ml of the same beverage 2 h before the initiation of anesthesia . Intervention 1: Intervention group : persons ingested 800 ml of the oral carbohydrate (12.5 per cent carbohydrates , 50 kcal/100 ml , 290 mOsm/kg) the day before operation between 8 and 24 hours. there were no food or drink restriction before midnight. After midnight , persons were allowed no oral intake except another 400 ml of the same beverage 2 h before the initiation of anesthesia . Intervention 2: Control group : persons ingested 800 ml of the oral carbohydrate (0kcal/100ml) the day before operation between 8 and 24 hours. there were no food or drink restriction before midnight. After midnight , persons were allowed no oral intake except another 400 ml of the same beverage 2 h before the initiation of anesthesia . Intervention group : persons ingested 800 ml of the oral carbohydrate (12.5 per cent carbohydrates , 50 kcal/100 ml , 290 mOsm/kg) the day before operation between 8 and 24 hours. there were no food or drink restriction before midnight. After midnight , persons were allowed no oral intake except another 400 ml of the same beverage 2 h before the initiation of anesthesia . Placebo CONDITION: cesarean section. ; Delivery by caesarean section, unspecified Delivery by caesarean section, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: The average duration of breastfeeding ( minute). Timepoint: After intervention, in the first 36 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: questionnaire. The first time breastfeeding after surgery. Timepoint: After intervention, after surgery. Method of measurement: questionnaire. The number of breastfeeding. Timepoint: After intervention, in the first 36 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: pregnant women scheduled for elective cesarean section with regional anesthesia ( spinal ) , age 20‐35 years, gestational age =38 weeks, body mass index 25‐37 Exclusion criteria: history of gastrointestinal disorders , Diebetes Mellitus, gastrointestinal surgery ( stomach and intestinal ) , liver , kidney and cardiovascular disorders; history of complications related to this pregnancy ( preeclapsia, high‐risk pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus ); Use of general anesthesia; Intraoperative blood loss of more than 1000 ml; Bowel and bladder injury during surgery; The use of dextrose during surgery; Failure to follow the instructions use of supplement; Any problems occur for the baby that mother is unable to breastfeeding; If surgery is longer than 45 minutes; Unwillingness person to continue cooperation
 Increased Salt Sensitivity of Ambulatory Blood Pressure in Women With a History of Severe Preeclampsia;  Cardiovascular diseases are the principal cause of death in women in developed and developing countries and are importantly promoted by hypertension. Salt sensitivity of the blood pressure is considered as an important cardiovascular risk factor at any blood pressure level. Severe preeclampsia is a hypertensive disorder of the pregnancy that also arises as a risk factor for cardiovascular and renal diseases. The major aim of this study is to examine the salt sensitivity of the ambulatory blood pressure in women with a history of severe preeclampsia (< 34 weeks gestation) compared with women with no history of pregnancy‐related hypertensive complications. We plan to recruit 20 non‐menopausal women with a history of severe preeclampsia, and 20 age, parity, race‐ matched premenopausal women as controls. The study has a case control randomized design. The salt sensitivity of the ambulatory blood pressure is defined as an increase of ≥4 mmHg in 24h ambulatory blood pressure on a high sodium diet. The high sodium diet is obtained by adding capsules of 6gr of NaCl/ day in the usual diet. The participants are identified as women discharged from the Maternity of University Hospital of Geneva between 1999 and 2001 with a preeclampsia coding. Fetal and maternal data will be carefully recovered from hospital records to identify severe preeclampsia (PE), based on International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy criteria. These criteria are systolic blood pressure ≥160mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥110 mmHg with severe proteinuria (≥ 5g /24h or 3+ dipstick) and one or more signs of multisystem disease developing after 20 weeks of gestation in previously normotensive women. Severe preeclampsia was also defined as occurring before 34wk of gestation. Women with a history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, renal or cardiac impairment, polycystic ovary syndrome will be excluded. Other exclusion criteria are anti‐inflammatory drugs, diuretics, aspirin, oral contraceptives and hormonal replacement therapy. The protocol is approved by the University Hospital Ethical Committee and written informed consent will be obtained from each individual in accordance with the declaration of Helsinki. The study is conducted between 2009 and 2012 at the University Hospitals of Geneva, Switzerland.
 Preconception lifestyle intervention in obese women improves echocardiographic indices of cardiovascular function in their offspring: follow up of a randomised controlled trial;  Introduction: Maternal obesity has emerged as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), as offspring of obese mothers are prone for hypertension, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Animal studies and small observational human studies suggest that maternal obesity directly affects fetal cardiovascular development, which may explain the increased health risk in the offspring. This also suggest that a preconception lifestyle intervention among obese women may improve cardiovascular health in the offspring. In the present study we assess the effects of a preconception lifestyle intervention in obese women on echocardiographic indices of cardiovascular function in the offspring at the age of 6 years. Methods: This study is embedded in the WOMB project (www. womb‐project.nl), which is a follow up of a randomised controlled trial that included 577 obese sub/infertile women. A 6 months preconception lifestyle intervention aimed at weight loss prior to fertility care was given to the intervention group and a control group received fertility care as usual. Weconducted complete transthoracic echocardiograms in the offspring at age 6‐7 years using a Vivid E95 Ultrasound System (GE Healthcare, Australia). The clinician performing the echocardiograms and offline measurements was blinded to group allocation. We used EchoPAC analysis software (GE Vingmed) for offline measurements of dimension, mass and stroke volume of the cardiac chambers. Results: We included 44 children, mean age 6.1 years (SD 0.9), 57% girls. Children of women in the intervention group (n= 17) had a thinner interventricular septum (Z‐score‐0.6% [SD 0.7] vs 0.2% [SD 0.4], p <0.001) a lower left ventricular mass index (53.4 g/m2 [SD 9.1] vs 59.9 g/m2 [SD 7.0], p= 0.01) and an increased ejection fraction (60.9% [SD 3.5] vs. 56.6% [SD 4.6], p=0.004) compared to children of controls (n=27). Conclusion: Preconception lifestyle intervention in obese women results in a thinner interventricular septum, a lower left ventricular mass and higher ejection fraction in the offspring at age 6, suggesting improved cardiac development and better cardiovascular function. This is the first direct human evidence of the effect of improving (pre)pregnancy maternal lifestyle to enhance cardiovascular function and potentially reduce CVD risk in the next generation.
 Role of prosopis farcta in the treatment of diabetes and dyslipidemia;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo,500mg capsula including toasted flour twice a day,3 months Intervention 1: intervention group : extract of prosopis farcta, 500mg capsule,twice a day ,3 months. Intervention 2: Control group: placebo,500mg capsula including toasted flour twice a day,3 months. intervention group : extract of prosopis farcta, 500mg capsule,twice a day ,3 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Diabetes mellitus. Condition 2: Diabetes mellitus. Condition 3: Metabolic disorders. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus ; Malnutrition‐related diabetes mellitus ; Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism and other lipidaemias Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism and other lipidaemias Malnutrition‐related diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood sugar. Timepoint: befor and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Biochemidtry analyzer,mg/dl. HbA1c. Timepoint: At the begining and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Is measured by chromatographia and presented as percentage. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cholestrol. Timepoint: at the start and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: biochemistry analyzer,mg/dl. HDL. Timepoint: at the start and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: biochemistry analyzer,mg/dl. LDL. Timepoint: at the start and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: biochemistry analyzer,mg/dl. Triglyceride. Timepoint: at the start and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: biochemistry analyzer,mg/dl. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diabetic patients, non insulin dependent and under treatment by glyboride and metformin with maximum dose of 10 and 100 mg. Age between 40 and 60 years at least 2 years diabetic ,mean blood sugar 150 up to180mg/dl in the presence of glucose and lipid reducing drugs; Hb A1c between 5.7 up to 8.5 % in the presence of glucose and lipid reducing drugs without changing dose in 2 months ago. Exclusion criteria: Patients under 40 and above 60 years old ; patients with diabetic foot ulcers and tissue death resulting from hypoperfusion and any Severe illness associated with ( including renal failure, chronic hepatic failure, Uncompensated cardiac failure, Diabetes induced pulmunary infection); active cancer; History of cancer less than 5 years; Depression; smoker and alcoholic Patients; Pregnancy and breastfeeding and women in reproductive time without a reliable method of preventing pregnancy; The desire to change identified sport or diet prog
 Echocardiographic measurements in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers;  AIM: To compare echocardiographic findings of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and healthy full term appropriate‐for‐gestational‐age (AGA) infants. METHODS: Included in this study were 83 infants, admitted to our Neonatology Unit. Thirty‐three IDMs, including both macrosomic and nonmacrosomic, comprised Group A, 25 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers comprised group B, and 25 healthy full term AGA infants comprised group C. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days after birth and compared by using one‐way ANOVA, Post Hoc Tukey HSD and Student's t tests. RESULTS: The left ventricular end‐systolic/left ventricular end‐diastolic diameter ratio of group A was significantly smaller than that of group C (P<0.05). The interventricular septum/posterior wall thickness ratios of groups A and B were greater than those of group C (P<0.05). The left ventricular mass index of group A was greater than those of groups B and C (P<0.05). The shortening fraction and ejection fraction of group A were increased in comparison to group C (P<0.05). When comparing the values of echocardiographic measurements of macrosomic IDMs (n=9) with nonmacrosomic ones (n=24), and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (n=11) with those of gestational diabetes mothers (n=22), no statistical difference was found. CONCLUSION: The present study suggests that underlying mechanisms common to both macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and IDMs lead to less cardiac alterations in the macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers than in IDMs.
 Precision Medicine to Redefine Insulin Secretion and Monogenic Diabetes-Randomized Controlled Trial (PRISM-RCT) in Chinese patients with young-onset diabetes: design, methods and baseline characteristics;  INTRODUCTION: We designed and implemented a patient‐centered, data‐driven, holistic care model with evaluation of its impacts on clinical outcomes in patients with young‐onset type 2 diabetes (T2D) for which there is a lack of evidence‐based practice guidelines. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In this 3‐year Precision Medicine to Redefine Insulin Secretion and Monogenic Diabetes‐Randomized Controlled Trial, we evaluate the effects of a multicomponent care model integrating use of information and communication technology (Joint Asia Diabetes Evaluation (JADE) platform), biogenetic markers and patient‐reported outcome measures in patients with T2D diagnosed at ≤40 years of age and aged ≤50 years. The JADE‐PRISM group received 1 year of specialist‐led team‐based management using treatment algorithms guided by biogenetic markers (genome‐wide single‐nucleotide polymorphism arrays, exome‐sequencing of 34 monogenic diabetes genes, C‐peptide, autoantibodies) to achieve multiple treatment goals (glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) <6.2%, blood pressure <120/75 mm Hg, low‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol <1.2 mmol/L, waist circumference <80 cm (women) or <85 cm (men)) in a diabetes center setting versus usual care (JADE‐only). The primary outcome is incidence of all diabetes‐related complications. RESULTS: In 2020‐2021, 884 patients (56.6% men, median (IQR) diabetes duration: 7 (3‐12) years, current/ex‐smokers: 32.5%, body mass index: 28.40±5.77 kg/m2, HbA1c: 7.52%±1.66%, insulin‐treated: 27.7%) were assigned to JADE‐only (n=443) or JADE‐PRISM group (n=441). The profiles of the whole group included positive family history (74.7%), general obesity (51.4%), central obesity (79.2%), hypertension (66.7%), dyslipidemia (76.4%), albuminuria (35.4%), estimated glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/min/1.73 m2 (4.0%), retinopathy (13.8%), atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (5.2%), cancer (3.1%), emotional distress (26%‐38%) and suboptimal adherence (54%) with 5‐item EuroQol for Quality of Life index of 0.88 (0.87‐0.96). Overall, 13.7% attained ≥3 metabolic targets defined in secondary outcomes. In the JADE‐PRISM group, 4.5% had pathogenic/likely pathogenic variants of monogenic diabetes genes; 5% had autoantibodies and 8.4% had fasting C‐peptide <0.2 nmol/L. Other significant events included low/large birth weight (33.4%), childhood obesity (50.7%), mental illness (10.3%) and previous suicide attempts (3.6%). Among the women, 17.3% had polycystic ovary syndrome, 44.8% required insulin treatment during pregnancy and 17.3% experienced adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Young‐onset diabetes is characterized by complex etiologies with comorbidities including mental illness and lifecourse events. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT04049149.
 Association between postpartum blood pressure at discharge and outcomes in women with mild chronic hypertension;  Objective: In the Chronic Hypertension and Pregnancy (CHAP) trial, there were fewer adverse pregnancy outcomes in patients treated to blood pressure (BP) goal< 140/90 mm Hg. Our objective was to assess the relationship between PP BP at hospital discharge and maternal morbidity. We hypothesized that BP< 140/90 would be associated with less maternal morbidity Study Design: A secondary analysis of the open‐label, multicenter, randomized (CHAP) trial in patients with mild chronic hypertension and singleton fetuses. Patients with a live birth ≥24w with data for BP and antihypertensive medication at discharge were included. BPs at discharge were used to stratify patients by BPs below and above 140/90. The primary outcome was a composite of maternal death or intensive care unit admission, stroke or encephalopathy, congestive heart failure, pulmonary edema, myocardial infarction, acute kidney injury, and length of PP hospital stay ≥4 days with secondary outcomes of PP readmission and antihypertensive use at the PP visit Results: 1645 patients were included (68% of CHAP participants); 1156 had a discharge BP < 140/90 and 489 with BP ≥ 140/90. Groups were similar with the exceptions of race/ethnicity (p=0.006), and lower pre‐existing diabetes (13 v 17%, P=0.049) and history of pre‐eclampsia (27 v 34%, P=0.005) between BP< 140/90 vs BP ≥140/90 groups, respectively (Table 1). Patients with BP≥140/90 had similar primary composite outcome rates as BP< 140/90 (1.2 vs. 2.3%, P=0.12), but an increased rate of any PP preeclampsia (7.5 v 11.9%, P< 0.01), average length of stay (5.2 v 6.1 days, P< 0.01), and on an antihypertensive medication at the PP visit (65 v 84%, P< 0.01) (Table 2). Readmission rate was not different Conclusion: BP of ≥140/90 at discharge in PP patients with mild chronic hypertension was associated with an increased rate of PP pre‐eclampsia and longer hospital stay. Our results suggest that patients with a discharge BP >140/90 should have heightened surveillance for PP preeclampsia. Evaluation of whether the goal BP in patients with CHTN after pregnancy should be < 140/90 should be considered in future studies [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 Prediction and prevention of preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, prenatal stress and fetal programming of child's psychological development;  INTERVENTION: The subjects are enrolled among women who visit antenatal clinics at Hyvinkää Hospital, Helsinki, Tampere and Kuopio University Hospitals, Tampere City Hospital, Päijät‐Häme, Joensuu and Iisalmi Hospitals. In Hyvinkää, Joensuu and Päijät‐Häme the patients are enrolled when they come to the first ultrasound screening at 12 to 14 weeks of gestation. Those women who belong to risk group on the basis of their medical history are screened by transvaginal ultrasound at 12th to 14th weeks of gestation. Subjects who have bilateral early diastolic notch in the uterine arteries will be randomized into the ASA or placebo group. Women who meet one of the inclusion criteria but who do not have bilateral notch in the uterine artery measurements will be included in the control group. Women with normal pregnancies, without the aforementioned risk factors and with normal ultrasound results will form a follow‐up group. The randomization will be stratified with each study centre being assigned an approximately equal number of subjects receiving ASA or placebo. The assignment will be conducted at the Pharmacy of the Tampere University Central Hospital. The dose of ASA is 100 mg once a day (1‐2 mg/kg/day) orally. The treatment is started at 12th to 14th gestational week and will continue until 34 completed weeks of gestation. Patients will be given oral and written information of the medication. The side effects of the medication will be followed by a notification form which the patients are asked to return if any side effects appear as well as instructions how to contact the obstetricians in charge. The effect and safety of ASA is described in more detail in the investigator?s brochure. The National Agency of Medicines will be given an announcement about this study. Ultrasound examination will be performed to all subjects at 12th to 14th weeks of gestation. Patients in the ASA and placebo groups will be re‐examined between 18th to 20th and 26th to 28th weeks of gestation. Blood CONDITION: Preeclampsia ; Pregnancy and Childbirth ; Preeclampsia PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Gestational weeks of 12th to 14th: ; 1.1. Women?s weight and blood pressure ; 1.2. Ultrasound examination (Doppler velocimetry) ; 1.3. Blood for biochemical and genetic analysis (30 ml) ; 1.4. Urine (10 ml) ; 1.5. Randomisation for the ASA and placebo groups ; ; 2. Gestational weeks of 18th to 20th and 26th to 28th : ; 2.1. Weight and blood pressure measurements are repeated ; 2.2. Ultrasound examinations (Doppler velocimetry) ; 2.3. Fasting blood (30 ml) and urine (10 ml) samples ; 2.4. A 2‐hour oral glucose tolerance test (only at 26th to 28th weeks of gestation) ; ; 3. At delivery: ; 3.1. Information collected from the clinical records of the mother and the newborn ; 3.2. Blood (30 ml) and urine (10ml) samples ; 3.3. Cord blood sample ; ; 4. Biochemical measurements: samples are obtained at 12th to 14th, 18th to 20th and 26th to 28th weeks of gestation and within 12‐24 hours after delivery. The biochemical measurements include: ; 4.1. Indices of antioxidant status: serum uric acid (enzymatic assay using uricase) ; 4.2. Indices of placental insufficiency: ; 4.2.1. Serum activin A; 4.2.2. Inhibin A and B (two site enzyme immunoassay); 4.2.3. Serum leptin (Radioimmunoassay [RIA] or Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay [ELISA]) ; 4.2.4. Serum Flt1 (ELISA) ; 4.3. Indices of endothelial function: ; 4.3.1. Serum asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA); 4.3.2. Serum fibronectin (ELISA); 4.3.3.Serum e‐selectin (ELISA); 4.3.4. Serum c‐reactive protein (immunotubidimetry or immunonefelometry) ; 4.4. Lipids: ; 4.4.1. Serum triglyserides (enzymatic); 4.4.2. Serum free fatty acids (enzymatic) ; 4.5. Glucose metabolism: ; 4.5.1. Serum insulin (RIA) ; 4.5.2. Serum glucose (enzymatic) ; 4.5.3. 2‐hour glucose tolerance test ; 4.5.4. Serum Sex Hormone‐Binding Globulin (SHBG) (Time‐Resolved Fluorescence Immunoassay [TR‐FIA]) ; 4.6. Biochemical measurements from the cord blood ; 5. The biochemical compounds to be measured in the study population include: ; 5.1. Insulin‐ insulin‐like growth factor system: ; 5.1.1. Serum insulin (RIA); 5.1.2. IGF‐ I (RIA); 5.1.3. IGF‐ II (RIA or ELISA); 5.1.4. IGF‐binding proteins 1 and 2 (ELISA); 4.1.5. adiponectin (ELISA) ; 5.2. Hypothalamic‐pituitary‐adrenal axis: ; 5.2.1. Corticotrophin‐releasing hormone ; 5.2.2. Cortisol (RIA or LC‐MS/MS); 5.2.3. Cortisol‐binding globulin (RIA) ; 5.3. Regulation of fetal cortisole exposure: 11ß‐ hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 2 (determined from placental sample) (LC‐MS/MS); 6. The incidence of pre‐eclampsia in ASA and placebo groups SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. To test whether infants born to mothers with preeclampsia are characterized by greater behavioral difficulty in emotional, social and cognitive domains of development than infants born to mothers without preeclampsia. The aim is also to test whether infant developmental outcomes are predicted by maternal prenatal stress, depression and anxiety measured and the mother?s stress‐predisposing / buffering traits and characteristics, together or independently of preeclampsia and potential postnatal environmental factors. ; ; 2. Healthcare register study; We collect data from the following sources:; 2.1. National Population Register: to identify the parents and siblings (including half‐siblings) ; 2.2. Medication reimbursement: hypertension, coronary heart disease, cardiac insufficiency, diabetes, asthma, death register (time and cause of death); 2.3. Hospital diagnosis register: diagnosis related to cardiovascular disease and obstetrics ; 2.4. Birth register: birth measurements, gestational age and possible pre‐ and postnatal complications of siblings and half‐siblings of newborn infant; 2.5. Hospital records of the women and their mothers: pregnancy follow‐up and newborn ; 2.6. Permission to collect and link the data applied by the Ministry of Social and Health Affairs INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria (one of the following): 1. Preeclampsia in a previous pregnancy 2. IUGR in a previous pregnancy 3. Essential hypertension 4. Gestational diabetes in a previous pregnancy 5. Diabetes mellitus type 1 6. Previous pregnancy with fetal demise (> 22 gestational weeks or over 500 g) 7. Body Mass Index (BMI) greater than 30 kg/m^2 prior to pregnancy 8. Age younger than 20 or older than 40 years at the day of admission 9. Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) 10. Sjögren's syndrome Definitions for INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Preeclampsia is defined as de novo hypertension and proteinuria. Proteinuria is defined as presence of 0.3 g/day or more of protein in a 24‐hour urine specimen 2. IUGR is defined as birth weight below ‐2 standard deviations below mean for sex and gestational age according to Finnish standards 3. Essential hypertension is defined as systolic blood pressure 140 mmHg or more and diastolic
 Candesartan Antihypertensive Survival Evaluation in Japan (CASE-J) Trial of Cardiovascular Events in High-Risk Hypertensive Patients;  Inclusion criteria: 1.SBP >=140 mmHg in those <70 years old or >=160 mmHg in those >=70 years old or DBP >=90 mmHg in a sitting position on two consecutive measurements at clinic 2.At least one of the following risk factors: a) SBP >=180 mmHg or DBP >=110 mmHg on two consecutive visits b) Type 2 diabetes (fasting blood glucose >=126 mg/dl, causal blood glucose >=200 mg/dl, HbA1c >=6.5%, 2h blood glucose on 75gOGTT >=200 mg/dl,or current treatment with hypoglycemic agent) c) History of cerebral hemorrhage, cerebral infarction, or transient ischemic attack until 6 months prior to the screening d) Thickness of the posterior wall of left ventricle or thickness of the wall of interventricular septum >=12 mm on echocardiography or Sv1+RV5 >=35 mm on electrocardiography, angina pectoris, and a past history (>=6 months before giving informed consent) of myocardial infarction. e) Proteinuria >=+1 or renal impairment (serum creatinine >=1.3 mg/dl) within 3 months at the time of giving informed consent. f) Arteriosclerotic peripheral arterial obstruction (Fontaine class >=2) Exclusion criteria: 1.SBP ≥200 mmHg or DBP ≥120 mmHg in a sitting position 2.Type I diabetes mellitus 3.History of myocardial infarction or cerebrovascular accidents within 6 months prior to the screening 4.PTCA or CABG done within 6 months of screening or scheduled 5.Current treatment for congestive cardiac failure (NYHA functional class II or severer) or ejection fraction <40% 6.Coronary artery disease requiring beta blocker or calcium channel blocker 7.Atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter 8.Renal dysfunction (serum creatinine ≥3 mg/dl) 9.Hepatic dysfunction (AST and/or ALT ≥100 IU/l) 10.A history of malignant tumor within 5 years of enrollment or suspected 11.Contraindication for candesartan cilexetil or amlodipine besilate 12.Pregnancy, possible pregnancy, or plan to conceive a child within 5 years of enrollment 13.Not suited to the clinical trail as judged by a collaborating physician 14.Inability to give informed consent Hypertension Sudden death: death of endogenous origin within 24 hours after acute onset; Cerebrovascular events: new occurrence or recurrence of a stroke or transient ischemic attack ; Cardiac events: new occurrence, aggravation, or recurrence of heart failure, angina pectoris, or acute myocardial infarction; Renal dysfunction: serum creatinine ≥4.0 mg/dl, end stage renal disease, doubling of serum creatinine (however, creatinine ≤2.0 mg/dl is not regarded as an event); Vascular events: new occurrence or aggravation of dissecting aneurysm of aorta, arteriosclerotic occlusion of peripheral artery All deaths Involution of left ventricular; hypertrophy (LVMI); Proportion of the subjects who withdrew from the allocated treatment Candesartan cilexetil (Blopress®) administered orally at a dose of 4–8 mg/day. When necessary, the dose was increased up to 12 mg/day. However, in patients with renal impairment, the drug was started from 2 mg/day and increased up to 8 mg/ day when necessary. The targets of BP control are as follows, <60age:SBP<130 DBP<85 60s:SBP<140 DBP<90 70s:SBP<150 DBP<90 80s:SBP<160 DBP<90 Following randomization, patients will be monitored with the appropriate frequency as judged by the collaborating physicians. The dose of the assigned drug can be gradually increased up to the maximum dosage (for candesartan, 12 mg/day) to achieve the therapeutic goals. If not achieved by the maximum dosage of each drug, any antihypertensive drugs other than the angiotensin II receptor antagonist, the calcium channel blocker, or ACE inhibitors can be added. Amlodipine besilate (Norvasc®/ Amlodin®) administered orally at a dose of 2.5–5 mg/day and increased up to 10 mg/day when necessary. The targets of BP control are as follows, <60age:SBP<130 DBP<85 60s:SBP<140 DBP<90 70s:SBP<150 DBP<90 80s:SBP<160 DBP<90 Following randomization, patients will be monitored with the appropriate frequency as judged by the collaborating physicians. The dose of the assigned drug can be gradually increased up to the maximum dosage (for amlodipine, 10 mg/day) to achieve the therapeutic goals. If not achieved by the maximum dosage of each drug, any antihypertensive drugs other than the angiotensin II receptor antagonist, the calcium channel blocker, or ACE inhibitors can be added.
 An intermittent pneumatic compression system in lower extremities reduces vasoconstrictor requirements during elective caesarean section under spinal anesthesia: preliminary study;  Introduction: Hypotension after regional anaesthesia for caesarean section (CS) remains a common clinical problem. The aim of this study was to evaluate the vasoconstrictor requeriments for preventing maternal hypotension after spinal anaesthesia (SA) during elective CS by using an intermittent pneumatic compression system (IPCS) applied to the legs. Methods: Following ethics committee's approval and signed informed consent patients scheduled for elective CS during a three‐month period were randomised to have an IPCS on their legs before SA (G2) or not (G1: control). Exclusion criteria were age <18 years, non‐elective CS, BMI > 40 kg/m2 , hypertension, multiple pregnancy, high ‐risk patients, sepsis, insulin ‐ dependent diabetes mellitus, spinal block level >T5, ongoing epidural anaesthesia. Crystalloid cohydration with 0.9% saline 500 mL was given. SA was performed with a 25G needle at L2‐3 in the left ‐lateral decubitus position with 0.5% hyperbaric bupivacaine adjusted to maternal height. Hypotension was defined as a 30% decrease from initial systolic arterial pressure (SAP) or SAP <90 mmHg. A prophylactic variable rate regimen of phenylephrine (PE) infusion was titrated and rescue boluses were administered for maintenance of SAP using local guidelines. Pre‐delivery we recorded patient characteristics, oxygen saturation (SpO2), heart rate and basal blood pressure and post ‐SA (systolic, mean and diastolic arterial pressure) every 2 min, umbilical cord blood gas values (UCBGV), Apgar scores at 1 and 5 min, PE boluses and total dose and postoperative haemoglobin. Data are presented as percentages, mean values ± SD. Results: A total of 26 patients were included (G1: 16, G2: 10). Demographics, heart rates, UCBGV, Apgar scores, neonatal outcomes and haemoglobin values were not different between groups. Total PE consumption was 0.45±1.8 μg/kg/min in G1 and 0.37±0.1 μg/kg/min in G2 (P=0.241). 43.8% of the patients in G1 needed P rescue boluses vs. 40% in G2 (P=0.588). Mean arterial pressure after SA was 85.8 ±13.9 mmHg in G1 vs. 90.6±13.6 mmHg in G2 (P=0.404). IPCS was well tolerated. Discussion: An IPCS on the legs is an easy, non‐invasive and non‐pharmacological prophylactic method for preventing maternal hypontension after spinal anaesthesia for elective caesarean section. Our preliminary results reveal a trend towards a reduction of vasoconstrictor requirements without side‐effects. A larger sample size may show a statistical significance between groups.
 Pregnant women with a specific liver condition will be randomised to receive a treatment that is currently used compared with a placebo, looking at the health of their babies;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Ursofalk Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Ursodeoxycholic acid CAS Number: 128‐13‐2 Other descriptive name: URSODEOXYCHOLIC ACID Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 500‐2000 Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Intrahepatic Cholestasis of pregnancy ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10008638 Term: Cholestasis intrahepatic System Organ Class: 100000004871 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Female diseases of the urinary and reproductive systems and pregancy complications [C13] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), or obstetric cholestasis (OC) is a liver condition of pregnancy. Pregnant women diagnosed with ICP are more at risk of suffering from in utero fetal death, stillbirth, perinatal death (under 7 days), preterm delivery (less than 37 weeks' gestation) and neonatal unit admission. The principal research question asks: does treatment with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in ICP women, increase the chance of having a healthy baby, by reducing the problems listed above? Primary end point(s): The primary short term perinatal outcome is a composite of perinatal death (as defined by in utero fetal death from 20+0 and 23+6 weeks’ gestation or stillbirth before delivery > 24+0 weeks’ gestation or neonatal death up to 7 days but; not death due to congenital anomaly) or preterm delivery (less than 37 weeks’ gestation) or NNU admissions (from infant delivery until hospital discharge to home). Each infant will only be counted once within this composite. Secondary Objective: The secondary research objectives of the study are to investigate the effect of UDCA treated ICP on other short term outcomes for both the mother and baby; and to assess the impact of UDCA treated ICP on health resource use: in terms of the total number of nights for mother and neonate, including intensive care and mode of delivery. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The time points of evaluation of this outcome measure are:; For deaths: between randomisation and 7 days post infant delivery; For preterm delivery: between randomisation and upto 37 weeks gestation; For infant neonatal unit admission: between randomisation and infant discharge (from hospital to home) SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary short term maternal outcomes are: ; • Peak maternal serum concentration (between randomisation and delivery) of following biochemical indices of ; disease: ; o Bile acids ; o Alanine transaminase ; o Bilirubin (total) ; o Gamma glutamyl transferase ; • Worst episode of itch over past 24 hours (mm on visual analogue scale) between randomisation and delivery ; (assessed at clinic visits) ; • Maximum dose of trial medication required ; • Need for additional therapy ; • Gestational diabetes mellitus ; • Gestational Hypertension/Preeclampsia ; • Assessment of myometrial contractions by CTG approximately one week (314 ; days) post randomisation ; • Mode of onset of labour ; • Mode of delivery classified as spontaneous vaginal, instrumental vaginal or caesarean ; • Reason for induction or prelabour ; caesarean section ; • Estimated blood loss after delivery ; ; The secondary short term perinatal outcomes are: ; • In utero fetal death 20+0 to 23+6 weeks’ gestation ; • Stillbirth (death before delivery > 24+0 weeks’ gestation) ; • Preterm delivery (less than 37 weeks’ gestation) ; • Neonatal death up to 7 days (excluding death due to congenital anomaly) ; • Neonatal death up to 28 days (excluding death due to congenital anomaly) ; • NNU admissions until infant hospital discharge to home ; • Number of nights in each category of care (intensive, high dependency, special, transitional and normal) ; • Total number of nights in hospital ; • Birth weight (g) ; • Customised/population birth weight centile (GROW) ; • Gestational age at delivery ; • Presence of meconium ; • APGAR score at 5 minutes ; • Umbilical arterial and venous pH (and base excess) at birth ; • Need for supplementary oxygen prior to discharge ; • Number of days when supplemental oxygen is required ; • Need for ventilation support (CPAP/high flow/endotracheal ventilation) ; • Pneumothorax (confirmed on chest Xray) ; • Need for phototherapy ; • Abnormal cerebral ultrasound scan ; • Confirmed sepsis (positive blood or cerebrospinal fluid cultures) ; • Necrotising Enterocolitis (Bell’s stage 2 and 3) ; • Seizures (confirmed by EEG or requiring anticonvulsant therapy) ; • Encephalopathy grade (worst at any time: mild, moderate, severe) ; • Hypoglycaemia (blood glucose <2.6 mmol/l on two or more occasions) ; • Other indications and main diagnoses resulting in neonatal unit admission ; • Exclusively receiving breast milk at discharge from the neonatal unit. ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The timepoints of evaluation of the secondary outcomes are taken at the clinic visits and during admission for delivery up to discharge home of mother and infant. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ICP (pruritus with a raised serum bile acid above the upper limit of normal for the local laboratory) 20+0 to 40+6 weeks' gestation on day of randomisation (see note below on gestational age) No known lethal fetal anomaly Singleton or twin pregnancy Aged 18 years or over Able to give written informed consent Determination of gestational age: for all calculations relating to gestational age (eligibility for enrolment, gestational age at delivery), gestational age will be calculated based on the following hierarchical model, as set out in the NICE guidelines for antenatal care: ? From crown‐rump length measurement on early ultrasound scan between 10+0 weeks and 13+6 weeks ? From head circumference on ultrasound scan if crown–rump length is above 84 mm Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 580 F.1.3 Elderl
 High-resolution MRI (HR-MRI) of atheroslcerotic plaque in symptomatic carotid stenosis-relationship with risk factors, treatment, and ct angiographic features;  Background and Aims: Traditional imaging techniques rely on arterial lumen stenosis as an indirect measure of mural plaque. HR‐MRI allows direct imaging of mural plaque burden and composition. However, few data exist on the relationship of these parameters to clinical factors in patients with symptomatic carotid stenosis. We investigated the relationship between MR plaque features, clinical characteristics, and plaque morphology on CT angiography. Method: A sub‐group of patients included in the prospective BIOVASC plaque imaging study were included. Inclusion criteria were: (1) Speech/ motor TIA or non‐severe stroke (Rankin≥3) <72hours (2) Ipsilateral carotid stenosis ≥50% (3) Age≥50 (4) Carotid HR‐MRI and CTA performed. Exclusions were pregnancy, malignancy, dementia, renal impairment, cervical irradiation/endarterectomy/stent. Semi‐automated analysis of HR‐MRI axial plaque images was done using PlaqueView® and manual analysis of co‐registered CTA performed. Results: 27 patients met inclusion criteria (78% men, mean age 66 years, 36% stroke/64%TIA, 39% current smoking). By HR‐MRI, maximum plaque wall area was greater in patients with index stroke compared with TIA (p=0.007). Plaque maximum wall thickness was greater in diabetes (p=0.016) and statin‐untreated patients (p=0.003). Fibrous cap thickness was greater (p=0.05) in aspirin‐treated patients. When HR‐MRI was compared with CTA, high correlations were observed for lumen area (rho=0.976, p<0.001), maximum wall thickness (rho=0.878, p<0.001), and maximum wall area (Pearson r=0.981, p<0.001). Conclusion: If replicated, our findings may inform the application of plaque HR‐MRI and CTA as surrogate markers in future clinical practice and randomised trials for stroke prevention.
 Effect of resveratrol on serum irisin and adiponectin in patients With type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Resveratrol‐ 240 mg/day with lunch for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo‐ 240 mg/day with lunch for 8 weeks. Placebo Placebo‐ 240 mg/day with lunch for 8 weeks Resveratrol‐ 240 mg/day with lunch for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: non‐insulin‐dependent‐diabetes‐mellitus Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. ; non‐insulin‐dependent‐diabetes‐mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: At beaseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Irisin. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Sugar (FBS). Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Biochemical assessment. HbA1C. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Biochemical assessment. Insulin. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: diagnosis of type 2 Diabetes for at least 2 years; willing to participate; BMI more than 25; age between 45 to 70 years old. Exclusion criteria: Significant diseases including cardiovascular, renal and liver diseases, or cancer; pregnancy; lactation; insulin use; weight and BMI change; consumption of nutritional supplements within the past 8 weeks.
 Effects of resveratrol on mood and cognition in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Resveratrol‐ 240 mg/day for 8 week. Intervention 2: Placebo‐240mg/day for 8 week. Placebo Placebo‐240mg/day for 8 week Resveratrol‐ 240 mg/day for 8 week Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cognitive performance. Timepoint: At baseline and after weeks 4 and 8. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Mood. Timepoint: At baseline and after weeks 4 and 8. Method of measurement: Beck Depression Inventory. Serum BDNF(brain‐derived neurotrophic factor ). Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: At the begining and end(week 8) of intervention. Method of measurement: Biochemical measurements. HbA1c. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Biochemical Assessment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: diagnosis of type 2 Diabetes for at least 2 years; willing to participate; a minimum score of 10 in Beck Depression Inventory; age between 45 to 70 years old. Exclusion criteria: Significant diseases including cardiovascular, renal and liver diseases, or cancer; pregnancy; lactation; consumption of antidepressant agents within the past 8 weeks; insulin use; consumption of nutritional supplements within the past 8 weeks.
 Effect of herbal extract mixture on treatment of diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention group: Herbal extract capsule (500 mg) will be administered 2 times a day orally for 3 months. Control group: Metformin capsule (250 mg) mixed with toast powder (250 mg) will be administered 2 times a day orally for 3 months. Placebo group: Placebo capsule (500 mg toast powder) will be administered 2 times a day orally for 3 months. Intervention group: Herbal extract capsule (500 mg) will be administered 2 times a day orally for 3 months. Control group: Metformin capsule (250 mg) mixed with toast powder (250 mg) will be administered 2 times a day orally for 3 months. Placebo group: Placebo capsule (500 mg toast powder) will be administered 2 times a day orally for 3 months.. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus E10, E14, Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glucose. Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood glucose level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: HbA1c percent will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Alanine aminotransferase (ALT). Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood ALT level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood AST level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Blood urea nitrogen (BUN). Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood BUN level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Cholesterol. Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood cholesterol level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Creatinine. Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood creatinine level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. High‐density lipoprotein (HDL). Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood HDL level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Low‐density lipoprotein (LDL). Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood LDL level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. Triglyceride. Timepoint: At starting of the study and after 3 months. Method of measurement: Blood triglyceride level will be determined in laboratory by commercial standard kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:Type 2 diabetic patients; aged 40 to 60 years; fasting blood glucose levels from 130 to 160 mg/dL; blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels from 7.5 to 8.5 percent; under oral anti‐hyperglycemic drugs therapy taking maximum1000 mg metformin and 10 mg glybencalamid daily. Exclusion criteria: Patients receiving insulin therapy; patients with cardiovascular, renal, hepatic, hematological, hypothyroidism, vertigo and seizure diseases; patients with a history of gallstones or gallbladder surgery; patients under estrogen, steroid, beta‐blocker and thiazide therapy; women planning for pregnancy; pregnant women; breast‐feeding women.
 The effects of palmitate and chicoric acid on diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Group (2) treatment with palmitate with a concentration of 500 µM. Sodium palmitate was dissolved in 50% ethanol at 55 °C. Then, using a culture medium containing bovine serum albumin 1% reached the desired volume and was sterilized before use. The cells of this group were treated with palmitate at a concentration of 500 µM for 24 hours Group (3) treatment with chicoric acid at a concentration of 50 µM. The chicoric acid was dissolved in dimethyl sulfoxide and then reached the desired volume using the culture medium. Group (1) untreated cells (control group). The control group contains cells that are treated with a bovine serum albumin 1% Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: IL‐6. Timepoint: One day after the intervention, Two day after the intervention. Method of measurement: Gene expression of IL‐6 using Ct of gene. P‐AMPK. Timepoint: One day after the intervention, Two day after the intervention. Method of measurement: concentration of p‐AMPK using western blotting. SIRT1. Timepoint: One day after the intervention, Two day after the intervention. Method of measurement: Gene expression of SIRT1 using Ct of gene. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: FBS greater than 126 mg/dL; 2 hours blood glucose greater than 200 mg/dl; HbA1C greater than 6.5%; The control group should have a fasting blood glucose less than 100 mg/dl. Exclusion criteria: Use of medications such as antihypertensive drugs (such as beta‐blockers), anti‐diabetic drugs, estrogen supplements, thyroxine, diuretics and hypolipemic drugs; Other chronic and acute inflammatory diseases such as chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and ...; Infectious diseases, cancer, allergies; Other Endocrine Disorders (Except Type 2 Diabetes); Pregnancy; Smoking The cells of this group were treated with chicoric acid at a concentration of 50 µM for 24 hours. Group (4) treatments with palmitate (500 µM) plus chicoric acid (50 µM), the cells of this group are treated with palmitate at a concentration of 500 µM for 24 hours. Then, they are treated with chicoric acid at a concentration of 50 µM for 24 hours. Intervention 1: Group (4) treatments with palmitate (500 µM) plus chicoric acid (50 µM), the cells of this group are treated with palmitate at a concentration of 500 µM for 24 hours. Then, they are treated with chicoric acid at a concentration of 50 µM for 24 hours. Intervention 2: Separation of the cells is according to the ficole protocol. In the next step, cell pellets are suspended in the 2 cc culture medium and cell count evaluates using trypan blue. The cells are cultured in the plates in the culture medium. In this environment, a fetal bovine serum 10% and penicillin/streptomycin 1% is added. The cells are kept in a 5% carbon dioxide incubator at 37 °C for 24 hours to keep the cells in stable condition. Then, the cells are divided into four groups: Group (1) untreated cells (control group). The control group contains cells that are treated with a bovine serum albumin 1%. Intervention 3: Group (3) treatment with chicoric acid at a concentration of 50 µM. The chicoric acid was dissolved in dimethyl sulfoxide and then reached the desired volume using the culture medium. The cells of this group were treated with chicoric acid at a concentration of 50 µM for 24 hours. Intervention 4: Group (2) treatment with palmitate with a concentration of 500 µM. Sodium palmitate was dissolved in 50% ethanol at 55 °C. Then, using a culture medium containing bovine serum albumin 1% reached the desired volume and was sterilized before use. The cells of this group were treated with palmitate at a concentration of 500 µM for 24 hours. Separation of the cells is according to the ficole protocol. In the next step, cell pellets are suspended in the 2 cc culture medium and cell count evaluates using trypan blue. The cells are cultured in the plates in the culture medium. In this environment, a fetal bovine serum 10% and penicillin/streptomycin 1% is added. The cells are kept in a 5% carbon dioxide incubator at 37 °C for 24 hours to keep the cells in stable condition. Then, the cells are divided into four groups:
 Prevention of Pre-eclampsia Using Metformin: a Randomized Control Trial;  Preeclampsia (PET) is one of the leading causes of maternal morbidity and mortality . Its pathophysiology is poorly understood. Consequently, there are no efficient preventive and treatment modality. PET is associated with significant perinatal morbidity and mortality including prolonged hospitalization and is a major contributor to a large proportion of iatrogenic preterm birth. Women who suffer from PET are at a greater risk of hypertensive and cardiovascular diseases in later life and more likely to suffer from premature death. Since the only treatment for PET is delivery, a logical approach to reducing the incidence and therefore consequences is prevention. For this to be effective those at risk have to be identified and any timely interventions introduced. Amongst the risk factors are maternal age, obesity, medical disorders such as antiphospholipid syndrome, hypertensive disorders, renal diseases diabetes mellitus and previous PET. A history of PET increases the risk of recurrence 7 fold and this is compounded by GA at delivery for the affected pregnancy . Moreover, both chronic hypertension and pre‐existing diabetes increase the risk of PET which is further enhanced by the degree of glycemic control. Interestingly maternal and paternal history of diabetes and hypertension have been associated with increased risk of PET. Additionally, maternal age > 40 years and pregnancy interval > 10 years increases the risk of PET by two to three folds respectively .A BMI > 35 increases the risk of PET by 4 folds in both multiparous and nulliparous women. Moreover, assisted reproduction techniques and multiple gestation have also been associated with increased risk of PET. A combination of diabetes and obesity, which has a high prevalence in Qatar, significantly increases the risk of PET. Despite these risk factors only a fraction of those with at high risk eventually develop PET as the current criteria for prediction is not specific. Various measures to predict, prevent and treat pre‐eclampsia have been investigated and tried by several groups/researchers. However, these have not been very successful, primarily because PET is a disease of theories with an unclear primary pathophysiology and thus no clear target for either these predictive tools or interventions. Evidence, however, does suggest that in patients at risk of developing PET there is inadequate trophoblastic invasion, placental hypo‐perfusion, and endothelial cell activation . This the basis for the most widely noninvasive clinical tool of Doppler velocimetry of the uterine artery; but again, this has a poor sensitivity. An imbalance in pro‐angiogenic factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and placental growth factor (PIGF) (decreased) and antiangiogenic factors such as soluble FMSlike tyrosine kinase ‐1 (sFlt‐1) (increased) has been implicated for the inadequate remodeling of spiral arteries (which is essential for the maintenance of a normal placental perfusion) in women who develop PET. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is an important signaling protein in health and diseases such as cancer, kidney diseases and PET . The VEGF family is composed of five members and three tyrosine kinase receptors. The signaling proteins are: VEGFA, VEGFB,VEGFC, VEGFD and placental growth factor (PlGF) (reviewed in (20)). The receptor tyrosine kinase consists of VEGFR1 (also known as Flt‐1), VEGFR2 and VEGF3, with different binding capacity to VEGF proteins . A soluble Fms like tyrosine kinase‐1 (sFlt‐1) a truncated form of VEGFR1, has also been identified which lacks the VEGFR1 cytosolic domain. In addition to ligand binding, VEGFR has been shown to be activated through non‐ligand binding and mechanical forces. VEGF proteins are upregulated under hypoxic conditions such as PET, growth factor signaling and by hormones such as estrogen .PET is characterized by a hypoxic environment, resulting in considerable changes in maternal leukocyte gene expression, altered expression of the VEGF signaling pathway and AMPactivated protein kinase (AMPK) and secretion of sFlt‐1 into the maternal circulation.VEGF including PIGF has been identified as a crucial in the signaling pathway for angiogenesis and vasculogenesis during placental development .Indeed, deletion of a single VEGF allele in mice resulted in embryonic lethality due to immature angiogenesis. The invasion of maternal spiral arteries by cytotrophoblasts is vital for adequate oxygen and nutrient supply . This process is believed to be mediated by binding of VEGF and PIGF to Flt‐1 . Further, fetal DNA variants at the Flt‐1 region has been associated with PET and reported recently . However, the pathophysiology of PET is still unclear and understanding of its molecular mechanism is warranted. A decreased level of VEGF and PIGF free form has been observed that has been attributed to their blockade by the increased level of sFlt‐1 in pre‐eclamptic women . Indeed, the introduction of sFlt‐1 to a pregnant rat led to hypertension and proteinuria similar to that seen in PET women . Furthermore, an altered ratio of serum PIGF/sFlt‐1 has been found to be associated with PET diagnosis and disease severity . Indeed, there is now a drive to use this ratio in screening women at risk of PET but most of the data were generated in late pregnancy rather than in early pregnancy ‐ a time when interventions have been shown to have maximum impact . It would seem from this greater understanding of the underlying physiological changes in women that develop PET that any interventions that have the potential to alter this milieu are more likely to be successful .Very recently a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial, that randomly assigned pregnant women without diabetes who had a body‐mass index of more than 35 to receive metformin, at a dose of 3.0 g per day, or placebo (225 women in each group) from 12 to 18 weeks of gestation until delivery showed a significant reduction in the incidence of PET in those who received metformin . Since metformin is now frequently prescribed to obese type II diabetic women and gestational diabetics with poor glycemic control on diet, it is hypothesized in those at risk of PET, metformin will not only reduce the incidence of PET but will modify the PIGF/s‐Flt‐1 ratio in favor of normal pregnancies.
 Comparison of Intravenous Phenylephrine and Ephedrine to Treat Hypotension Associated with Spinal Anesthesia in Patients Undergoing Cesarean Section;  INTERVENTION: Bolus injection of 50µg phenylephrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose, 50µg Bolus injection of 10 mg ephedrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose,10 mg Bolus injection of 100 µg phenylephrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose, 100 µg Bolus injection of 5 mg ephedrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose, 5 mg Intervention 1: Bolus injection of 5 mg ephedrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose, 5 mg. Intervention 2: Bolus injection of 10 mg ephedrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose,10 mg. Intervention 3: Bolus injection of 50µg phenylephrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose, 50µg. Intervention 4: Bolus injection of 100 µg phenylephrine if hypotension is more than 20% from baseline and If necessary, repeat dose, 100 µg. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Maternal hypotension syndrome Maternal hypotension. ; Maternal hypotension syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: After spinal anesthesia,75 minutes (every 3 minutes for the first 15‐minute period and every 10 minutes for the following 60‐minute period. Method of measurement: mmHg by SIEMENS SC 7000 monitoring system. Heart rate. Timepoint: After spinal anesthesia, were checked for 75 minutes (every 3 minutes for the first 15‐minute period and every 10 minutes for the following 60‐minute period. Method of measurement: Number by SIEMENS SC 7000 Monitoring system. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Base Exess. Timepoint: After the extraction of fetus and umbilical cord clamp. Method of measurement: Number ‐Based on the arterial umbilical cord Base Exess,that was measured by blood gas analyzer ,GASTAT‐603ie. Nausea. Timepoint: During Surgery. Method of measurement: Has/has not,Patient‐reported. Neonatal Apgar. Timepoint: At 1 and 5 minutes after birth. Method of measurement: Based on clinical examination. Umbilical cord Ph. Timepoint: After the extraction of fetus and umbilical cord clamp. Method of measurement: Number ‐Based on the arterial umbilical cord PH,that was measured by blood gas analyzer ,GASTAT‐603ie. Vomiting. Timepoint: During Surgery. Method of measurement: Has/has not,Observer‐reported. Exclusion criteria during the study:Unpredictable events during su INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:Pregnant women 2o‐35 years old ;Elective cesarean;ASA1; Singleton pregnancy;36 to 40 weeks gestational age;Weighing 45 to 90 kg;145 to 180 cm height;Informed consent for inclusion Exclusion criteria beginning: History of Primary hypertension (Bp=140/90);cardio‐cerebrovascular diseases; Diabetic mellitus;Sensitivity to anesthetics;Pregnancy complications such as gestational hypertension;Placental abnormalities;Umbilical cord abnormalities;High‐risk pregnancies(Multiple pregnancy?Intrauterine growth retardation);Spinal anesthesia ban(Prevention of spinal anesthesia?Coagulation disorder?Infection of spinal anesthesia area);Lack of consent to participate in the study
 Randomized Controlled Trial of Once-Per-Week Intermittent Fasting for the Reduction of Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol;  Introduction: High‐frequency intermittent fasting (IF) diets reduce weight similarly to continuous calorie restriction (CR). In patients with type 2 diabetes, twice‐weekly IF and CR equivalently reduced HbA1c. IF may improve chronic disease risk factors, but no controlled trial has evaluated whether IF reduces low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), regardless of weight loss, in patients with elevated LDL‐C.Hypothesis: The Weekly ONe‐Day watER‐only Fasting interventionaL (WONDERFUL) randomized (1:1) controlled trial (NCT02770313) tested whether IF reduced LDL‐C compared to ad libitum control over 6 months.Methods: Subjects (N=103) were ages 21‐70 years, not taking a statin, had elevated baseline LDL‐C (90‐189 mg/dL for ages 21‐39, 90‐159 mg/dL for ages 40‐70, ≥90 mg/dL for statin intolerant/contraindicated), and had diet‐controlled type 2 diabetes or ≥1 metabolic syndrome feature but no anti‐diabetes medication. The water‐only IF regimen was 4 weeks of 2/week 24‐hour IF followed by 22 weeks of 1/week 24‐hour IF. Exclusions included pregnant, lactating, or chronic disease (e.g., CAD, MI, stroke/TIA, CKD, COPD, cancer, PE, PAD, DVT, dementia, type 1 diabetes).Results: At baseline, IF (n=50) and control (n=53) were, respectively, 49.3±12.0 and 47.0±9.8 years of age, 66.0% and 67.9% females, weight 103±24 and 100±21 kg, and LDL‐C 124±19 and 128±20 mg/dL. Lost to follow‐up (n=5 IF, n=4 control) and withdrawals (n=7 IF, n=16 control) gave a final sample of n=71 (n=38 IF, n=33 control). LDL‐C change from baseline to 6 months was not different between IF and control (Table). HOMA‐IR, one of 4 pre‐specified secondary endpoints, was improved (‐0.75 vs. ‐0.10) at p≤0.01 vs. control (Table).Conclusions: A once‐per‐week IF regimen did not reduce LDL‐C compared to control, but HOMA‐IR was significantly reduced. This more sustainable IF regimen may reduce some chronic cardiometabolic disease risks (e.g., HOMA‐IR) with minimal effects on cholesterol and weight.
 Impact of human versus analog insulins on mortality and occurrence of myocardial infarction;  Background and aims: Studies have shown mixed results regarding the cardiovascular safety of analog insulins compared to human insulins. This observational study uses the causal inference methods of comparative effectiveness research (CER) to emulate a trial evaluating the cardiovascular safety of analog versus human insulins. Materials and methods: Study subjects were 127600 adults with type 2 diabetes receiving care between 1/1/2005 and 12/31/2013 at 4 health care delivery systems, and classified on date of insulin initiation (index date) as using analog insulins with or without human insulin versus human insulins only. In separate analyses, subjects were followed from index date to date of all‐cause mortality, or first occurrence of myocardial infarction (MI), with censoring as needed at death (in MI analyses only), health plan disenrollment, pregnancy, or 12/31/2013. In order to estimate the differences between the two groups, we used inverse probability weights (IPW) in marginal structural modeling (MSM) analyses in which patients' data were right‐censored if they crossed‐over to the other exposure or interrupted insulin therapy. Effect estimates were based on two logistic MSM parameterizations for counterfactual hazards. To address potential residual confounding, we replicated each analysis using three nested sets of covariates assumed to potentially affect (A) both the outcome and the exposure/censoring events, (B) the outcome, and (C) either the outcome or exposure/censoring events, and then (D) replicated the analysis using data‐ adaptive selection of the covariate set (machine learning). Results: For all‐cause mortality, hazard ratios (HR) for analog versus human insulin were 1.17 (1.05‐1.30) for variable set A, 1.06 (0.95‐1.19) for variable set B, 1.15 (0.96‐1.33) for variable set C, and 1.14 (0.96‐1.32) for machine learning variable selection. Risk difference analyses showed point estimates of 2‐8 excess deaths per 1000 patients with analog insulin at 12 months, and 1 ‐5 excess deaths at 24 months. Neither were statistically significant (at the 0.05 level) for MI, the HR for analog versus human insulin was 1.22 (0.98‐1.45) for variable set A, 1.07 (0.85‐1.28) for variable set B, 1.07 (0.75‐1.40) for variable set C, and 1.08 (0.75‐1.40) for machine learning variable selection. Risk differences analyses showed point estimates of ‐2 to +2 excess MI events per 1000 patients with analog insulin at 12 months, and ‐1 to +4 excess deaths at 24 months. Again, neither were sta‐tistically significant (at the 0.05 level) for both outcomes, the mean follow up was 21 months. Conclusions: In this large CER analysis using marginal structural modeling with three covariate adjustment sets, and machine learning, we did not find consistent or significant differences in impact of analog versus human insulin on the risks of all‐cause mortality or myocardial infarction.
 Randomized controlled trial of colchicine add on to the standard therapy in moderate and severe corona virus Disease-19 infection;  Background: COVID19 complications cause inflammatory storm. Colchicine is a potent anti‐inflammatory medication that has been proposed as a possible treatment option for COVID‐19. Objective: to assess effectiveness and safety of add on use of colchicine to the standard treatment in moderate and severe COVID‐19. Patients and methods: In this randomized controlled open label clinical trial, 160 patients hospitalized equally divided between moderate and severe COVID19 categories were randomized to 4 study groups in a 1:1:1:1 allocation (n = 40 for each group) according to type of treatment. Patients were randomly assigned to receive the standard treatment for 14 days (control group) or colchicine add on to the standard treatment 1 mg daily orally for 7 days then 0.5 mg daily for another 7 days. Survival rate, time to cure in days, and side effects were assessed. Results: Colchicine add on treatment was associated with a significantly shorter time to cure (referring to start of first symptom) by an average of 5 days in severe disease and 2 days in moderate disease (log‐rank P=<0.001). In addition, the Colchicine add on significantly increased the risk of cure per unit of time by 2.69 times compared to controls after adjusting for disease severity, age, and time since the start of the disease to start of treatment. A severe COVID19 disease, a longer time for starting treatment, and the older age notably reduced the risk of cure (HR = 0.72, p = 0.07; HR = 0.74, p < 0.001; and HR = 0.59, p = 0.015 respectively). Possible side effects reported due to colchicine were 8/40 (20%) of severe COVID19 patients and 3/40 (7.5%) of moderate COVID19, non of which warranted stopping treatment by the data monitoring board. Generally, the side effects were 8/11 (72.73%) gastrointestinal disturbances. No immediate or late allergic reactions were observed. Conclusions: Colchicine add on treatment reduced significantly time to recovery in severe COVID19 (by five days) and in moderate cases (by two days) but did not lower the death rate. Side effects were mild, well tolerated and confined to gastrointestinal adverse events.
 Evidence for placebo effects on physical but not on biochemical outcome parameters: a review of clinical trials;  BACKGROUND: Recent reviews on placebo effects in clinical trials suggest that objective changes following placebo treatments may not exist or, at least, have been considerably overestimated. However, the possibility that yet unidentified subsets of parameters are responsive to placebo treatments has not been taken into account. Therefore, the aim of the present study is to examine the effects of placebo treatments on objectively measured outcome parameters by specifically focusing on peripheral disease processes. METHODS: An initial dataset was collected from a MEDLINE search for placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trials. Trials with stable disease conditions were identified, and the effects of placebo treatments on peripheral outcome parameters were estimated by the changes from baseline in the placebo groups. An explorative data analysis was conducted in order to identify parameter classes with differential responsiveness to placebo treatments. A subgroup meta‐analysis of a second dataset was performed to test whether the preliminary classification would also apply to placebo effects derived from the comparison of placebo groups with untreated control groups. RESULTS: The explorative analysis of outcome parameters and strength of placebo effects yielded a classification into responsive "physical" versus non‐responsive "biochemical" parameters. In total, 50% of trials measuring physical parameters showed significant placebo effects, compared with 6% of trials measuring biochemical parameters. A subgroup meta‐analysis substantiated the differential response (physical parameters: n = 14, Hedges' pooled effect size g = 0.34, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.46; biochemical parameters: n = 15, g = 0.03, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.10). The subanalysis of the second dataset supported the classification and revealed a significant improvement for physical parameters (n = 20, g = 0.22, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.36) and a deterioration for biochemical parameters (n = 6, g = ‐0.17, 95% CI ‐0.31 to ‐0.02). CONCLUSION: The results suggest that placebo interventions can improve physical disease processes of peripheral organs more easily and effectively than biochemical processes. This differential response offers a good starting point for theoretical considerations on possible mediating mechanisms, and for future investigations in this field.
 ESTEEM - Effect of Simple, Targeted Diet in Pregnant Women With Metabolic Risk Factors on Pregnancy Outcomes;  Obesity is a growing problem in east London with a fifth of women entering pregnancy as obese. In addition to obesity, other metabolic risk factors such as raised lipids, high blood pressure and insulin resistance are increasingly prevalent. With a large proportion of ethnic minority mothers in east London, dietary habits and underlying genetic predisposition are major contributors to this phenomenon. Obesity and raised serum lipids, especially triglycerides increase the risk of complications such as preeclampsia in pregnancy and cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction, stroke and death in the long term. Preeclampsia, a condition in pregnancy, with raised blood pressure and increased protein in the urine is a leading cause of maternal and fetal deaths. Its treatment gives rise to large health care costs. Preeclampsia contributes to preterm birth, one of the leading causes of perinatal deaths in east London. It accounts for 65% of neonatal deaths and 50% of neurological disability in childhood. Around £900 million in extra costs for care of preterm babies per year in the NHS are linked to neonatal care. Preeclampsia, characterised by insulin resistance, widespread endothelial damage and dysfunction, coagulation defects and increased systemic inflammatory response, shares metabolic risk factors with cardiovascular disease. Obesity, dyslipidaemia and hypertension are independent risk factors for pre‐eclampsia. Interventions that reduce cardiovascular events by modifying metabolic risk factors also have the potential to reduce the risk of pre‐eclampsia. Early identification of mothers at risk of preeclampsia will allow clinicians to deliver these targeted interventions in pregnancy, with the potential to prevent preeclampsia and modify cardiovascular risk in the long‐term. Currently, low dose aspirin, recommended as a prophylactic measure reduces preeclampsia risk by only 10%. Simple, low‐cost and effective acceptable interventions are required to reduce this risk further. Dietary interventions in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors such as obesity and insulin resistance are shown to reduce the risk of preeclampsia. But the existing studies are of poor quality and do not evaluate preeclampsia as the primary outcome. Furthermore, they focus on specific components of the diet, rather than modifying the overall dietary pattern. Mediterranean diet with high consumption of vegetables and fruits, olive oil and nuts and low consumption of red meat and processed food significantly reduces lipid levels and cardiovascular adverse events in non‐pregnant high risk population. In pregnancy, the beneficial effect of the Mediterranean dietary pattern was observed in a large prospective study of nulliparous pregnant women with a 28% reduction in the risk of preeclampsia (RR 0.72; 95% CI 0.62, 0.85). These results need confirmation in a sound experimental study. There is a need for an adequately powered randomised trial to evaluate the beneficial effect of lipid modifying diet in pregnancy that is simple, accessible and acceptable. The investigators hypothesis is that pregnant women with metabolic risk factors will derive benefit from dietary intervention in preventing maternal and fetal complications.
 Topical Citrullus colocynthis fruit oil in painful peripheral diabetic neuropathy;  INTERVENTION: Citrullus colocynthis fruit oil: 1cc three times per day, application on the plantar and dorsal foot surface , without massage Intervention 1: Citrullus colocynthis fruit oil: 1cc three times per day, application on the plantar and dorsal foot surface , without massage. Intervention 2: Vehicle oil (Sesame oil): 1cc three times per day, application on the plantar and dorsal foot surface , without massage. Treatment ‐ Drugs Vehicle oil (Sesame oil): 1cc three times per day, application on the plantar and dorsal foot surface , without massage CONDITION: Diabetic polyneuropathy Painful diabetic polyneuropathy. ; Diabetic polyneuropathy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Neuropathic Pain Scale (NPS) score. Timepoint: Before the study and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nerve Conduction velocity. Timepoint: Before the study and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: m/s by NCV. WHOQOL‐BREF score. Timepoint: Before the study and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire (standard). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Controlled type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus; Painful Peripheral diabetic neuropathy for more than 3 months; Age more than 18 years old; Patients consent on enrolling study and admitting study protocol Exclusion criteria: Other causes of pain in lower extremities like lumbar disk herniation; Ulcerative lesions in lower extremities; Dermatitis; Pregnancy; Lactation; Citrullus colocynthis allergy; Unstable cardiac, neurological or renal disease; Diagnosed other types of neuropathy.
 Effects of anesthetics on microvascular reactivity measured by vascular occlusion tests during off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery: a randomized controlled trial;  Microvascular function may be modulated by various anesthetics. Desflurane and propofol anesthesia have different effects on microvascular function. However, there are few reports on the effects of sevoflurane and desflurane on microvascular function during cardiac surgery. We compared the effects of sevoflurane and desflurane on microvascular reactivity, as measured by the vascular occlusion tests (VOTs) during off‐pump coronary artery bypass (OPCAB) surgery. Patients undergoing OPCAB were eligible for study inclusion. Patients were excluded if they were unsuitable for treatment with volatile agents or the VOT, had renal failure or uncontrolled diabetes, or were pregnant. The enrolled patients were randomized to receive sevoflurane or desflurane during surgery. Tissue oxygen saturation (StO2) dynamics during the VOT were measured at baseline (pre‐anesthesia), pre‐anastomosis, post‐anastomosis of vessel grafts, and at the end of surgery. Macrohemodynamic variables, arterial blood gas parameters, and in‐hospital adverse events were also evaluated. A total of 64 patients (32 in each group) were analyzed. StO2 dynamics did not differ between the groups. Compared to baseline, StO2 and the rate of recovery following vascular occlusion decreased at the end of surgery in both groups (adjusted p‐value, < 0.001), and no group difference was observed. Macrohemodynamic variables, blood gas analysis results, and the rate of postoperative in‐hospital adverse events were similar between the groups. Microvascular reactivity, as measured by the VOT during OPCAB, showed no difference between the sevoflurane and desflurane groups. Also, there were no group differences in macrohemodynamics or the rate of postoperative adverse events. TRIAL REGISTRATION : Clinicaltrials.gov, identifier NCT03209193; registered on July 3, 2017.
 Integrated versus referred management of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors for HIV-positive patients on antiretroviral therapy in Swaziland;  Objectives/aims: Even though cardiovascular diseaserisk factors (CVDRF) are prevalent among people living with HIV (PLHIV), the optimal clinical management strategy for patients with both HIV and CVDRFin resource‐limited settings is unknown. In some contexts, care for both conditions is conveniently integratedin the HIV clinic, while in others, PLHIV are referredto specialist clinics for management of their CVDRF.We compared integrated versus referred strategies forpatients with HIV and CVDRF at a large urban hospital in Swaziland, exploring linkage to and retentionin CVDRF care, and HIV and CVDRF‐related healthoutcomes.Methods: PLHIV were screened for CVDRF if they wereon antiretroviral therapy for =1 year, were =40 yearsold, had no history of CVD and were not pregnant oracutely ill. CVDRF screening included measurement ofresting blood pressure (BP) to screen for hypertension,glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) to screen for diabetesmellitus and total cholesterol to screen for hyperlipidaemia. Tobacco smoking was assessed via self‐reportand 10‐year CVD risk via WHO/ISH risk stratifcation.Patients with hypertension and/or >10% 10‐year CVDrisk were randomized 1:1 to receive CVDRF management at the HIV clinic (INTEGRATED arm) or outpatient clinic (REFERRED arm) for 6 months. Theprimary study outcome was a composite measure oflinkage to CVDRF care, retention in both CVDRF andHIV management, medication initiation, and changesin systolic BP, HbA1c and total cholesterol.Results: 240 participants were enrolled. One‐quarterhad hypertension and/or >10% 10‐year CVD risk.Linkage to CVDRF care within 1 month was similar (85% in the INTEGRATED arm and 84% in theREFERRED arm). Retention in HIV care was 98% inboth arms. A higher proportion of eligible participantswith hypertension initiated BP medication in the INTEGRATED arm (72%) than in the REFERRED arm(53%). There was a statistically signifcant mean reduction in systolic BP (‐15 mmHg) at 6 months in bothstudy arms, but no differences between arms. Amongindividuals with diabetes mellitus, there was a statistically signifcant mean HbA1c reduction of‐0.68%(CI‐1.26,‐0.10) and‐1.37% (CI‐2.51,‐0.24) in theINTEGRATED and REFERRED arms, respectively,but no differences between arms. Among participantswith hyperlipidaemia, a statistically signifcant meanreduction in total cholesterol of‐0.91 mmol/l (CI‐1.76,‐0.65) was observed only in the REFERRED arm.Conclusions: Among participants with both HIV andCVDRF, linkage to CVDRF care was high regardlessof the management strategy assigned. Marked improvements in systolic BP and HbA1c were noted in botharms while improvement in total cholesterol was seenonly in the REFERRED arm. Substantial improvementsin BP and diabetes mellitus control were achieved irrespective of management strategy, suggesting that management for these comorbidities can be effectively integrated in the HIV clinic.
 Are non-nutritive sweetened beverages comparable to water in weight loss trials?;  Objective. To compare the efficacy of non‐nutritive sweetened beverages (NNS) or water for weight loss during a 12‐week behavioral weight loss treatment program. Study design. 2‐arm equivalence randomized clinical trial. Setting and participants. Participants were recruited at the University of Colorado and Temple University. A total of 506 participants were screened and 308 were enrolled in the study. Inclusion criteria included being weight stable within 10 pounds in the 6 months prior to the trial, engaging in fewer than 300 min of physical activity per week and consuming at least 3 NNS beverages per week. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, uncontrolled hypertension, and the use of medications affecting metabolism or weight. Participants also had physician approval stating they were in good health and could handle the nutrition and exercise requirements of the trial. Participants were randomly assigned to a NNS or water treatment arm using a computer‐generated randomization that equally distributed men and women between the 2 groups. Participants had to be willing to discontinue consumption of NNS beverages for the duration of the 1‐year study if they were randomized to the water‐only group. Intervention. The study was designed to include a 12‐week weight loss phase followed by a 9‐month maintenance phase. All participants received a cognitive‐behavioral weight loss intervention called The Colorado Weigh. The program involved weekly hour‐long group meetings led by registered dieticians or clinical psychologists. Groups were split by research arm and participants were taught about different weight loss strategies including self‐monitoring, portion sizes, and physical activity. Participants were weighed at each meeting. The group curriculum was the same for both arms of the study except in the type of beverage they were encouraged to consume. Participants were given individual energy targets based on their estimated resting metabolic rate (RMR), determined by using a Tanita Model TBF‐300A bioelectrical impedance device that assesses body composition. Group leaders adjusted these targets as needed for participants in order to achieve a goal weight loss of 1 to 2 pounds per week. Physical activity targets were set to increase each participant's typical physical activity by 10 minutes a week with a final target of 60 minutes a day, 6 days a week. Participants filled out daily exercise logs. Additionally, physical activity was assessed by the use of a Body Media armband that participants wore weeks 1 and 12. Participants in the NNS group were asked to consume at least 24 fluid ounces of NNS beverage per day. Their water consumption was not limited. A beverage was considered NNS if it had less than 5 kcal per 8‐ounce serving, was pre‐mixed, and contained non‐nutritive sweeteners. Participants in the water‐only group were asked to drink at least 24 ounces of water a day and not drink any NNS beverages. They were allowed to eat foods that contained NNS but could not intentionally add NNS to beverages such as coffee. Participants in both groups were asked to record their beverage intake daily. Participants were given manufacturers' coupons for bottled water or NNS beverages. Main outcome measures. The primary outcomes were weight loss at 12 weeks (weight loss period) and at 1 year (weight loss maintenance). All assessments were conducted at baseline and after 12 weeks. This was designed as an equivalence trial, and the authors' hypothesis was that there would be no clinically meaningful difference in weight change between the 2 groups. The authors pre‐specified that the bounds of equivalence would be 1.7 kg. Waist circumference was recorded in addition to height and weight. Participant's blood pressure was also recorded and blood samples were collected to measure lipids and glucose. Urine samples were collected to measure urine osmolality. Participants completed questionnaires at baseline and 12 weeks to assess changes in perceived hunger. Results. A total of 308 patients were randomized following baseline assessment but 5 did not begin treatment. 279 of the remaining 303 participants completed the full 12‐week weight loss phase of the study. The dropout rate in the water group was 10% compared to 5.8% in the NNS group, but this was not statistically significant. 80% of participants were female, 68% were white, and 27% African American. There were no significant differences at baseline in age, gender, race/ethnicity or other measures between the water‐only and NNS groups. There was no significant difference in adherence to the beverage requirements between the 2 groups (96.6% in the NNS group and 95.7% in the water‐only group), and similarly group attendance did not differ between the 2 groups (90.8% for NNS and 89.7% for water‐only). The mean weight loss difference between the water and NNS groups was ‐1.85 kg (90% confidence interval [CI], ‐1.12 to ‐2.58 kg). Because the lower confidence limit of ‐2.58 kg was outside the equivalence limit set in the hypothesis, the 2 treatments were not considered equivalent and paired comparisons were carried out. Analysis done using an intention‐to‐treat scheme indicated that the weight loss in the NNS group (5.95 kg ± 3.94 kg) was significantly higher than the weight loss in the water‐only group (4.09 ± 3.74 kg, P < 0.001). 43.0% of participants in the water‐only group lost > 5% of their body weight and 64.3% of participants in the NNS group lost > 5% of their body weight (P < 0.001). After 12 weeks of treatment there was no significant difference between the 2 groups in changes in waist circumference, blood pressure, HDL, triglycerides, or urine osmolality. Reductions in total cholesterol and LDL were significantly greater in the NNS group than the water group. There were no significant changes in physical activity between the 2 groups as measured by the exercise logs or the Body Media armbands. There was a statistically significant difference in hunger between the 2 groups (P = 0.013): participants in the water group reported increased hunger, while participants in the NNS group reported a slight decrease in hunger. Conclusion. Participants who drank at least 3 servings of NNS beverages a day at baseline lost more weight during a behavioral weight loss program when they continued to drink NNS beverages than participants who were asked to cut NNS beverages and drink only water. The study was designed as an equivalence trial but paired comparisons showed a significant difference in weight loss between the 2 groups.
 Effect of a randomized intervention with mobile phone text messaging in women to achieve ideal cardiovascular health: esci study;  In 2011, AHA proposed the concept of Ideal Cardiovascular Health (ICH), gathering 7 ideal behavioral and cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) to achieve a reduction in CV morbidity and mortality of 20% by 2020. Mobile Text Messaging (MTM) has been a useful tool to modify some CVRF, such as diabetes and smoking. Objective: To evaluate an educational intervention through MTM to improve the prevalence of ICH in women. Methods: Randomized control study in women 35 to 70 years old in Santiago/Chile to receive educational intervention through MTM. Women population was selected through a probabilistic sampling of areas, multistage and stratified in 3 age groups and 3 socioeconomic levels. Pregnant or IHD/CVD women were excluded. Demographic characteristics, CVRF, diet and physical activity (GPAQ) were assessed and recorded. Anthropometric variables, lipids, glycaemia, and isolated spot urinary sodium were measured. According to number of ICH factors, 3 groups were categorized: poor (0‐2), intermediate (3‐4) and ideal CV health groups (5‐7). Participants were randomized to receive or not MTM based on social‐behavioural theory, every 5‐6 days for 9 months, after which a second survey and measurements were repeated. ICH factors before and after the intervention were compared by nominal symmetry test. Results: 620 women, at baseline (round 1), age 50 ± 9.5 years, 324 randomized to MTM(+) and 296 to MTM(‐). Baseline prevalence of poor, intermediate and ideal ICH was 44.2%, 52% and 3.8%, respectively. After 9 months, 519 women completed round 2. Independently of the MTM intervention women with > 12 years of education had more probability to jump from category of 0‐2 to 3‐4 and to 5‐7 ICH factors (OR = 3.95; CI= 1.77‐4.9). Adjusting for age, educational level, and socioeconomic status, there were no statistical differences between MTS(+) and MTM (‐) groups at the end of the study. Women in the lowest category of ICH (0‐2 factors) but with > 12 years of education who received MTM (+) had 3 times more probability of jumping to the next ICH category (OR = 3.25; p <.0001). Conclusions: The prevalence of ICH in women of Santiago is very low. The randomized intervention with MTM did not improve these results. However, women with >12 years of education who received MTM had higher probability of improving their ICH status independently of being at baseline in the poorest ICH category. The results suggest the more important predictor to achieving a better CV health is through education. Governments should emphasize the inclusion of these topics very early through the educational process.
 Sodium restriction and blood pressure in hypertensive type II diabetics: randomised blind controlled and crossover studies of moderate sodium restriction and sodium supplementation;  OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of moderate dietary sodium restriction on the hypertension of non‐insulin‐dependent (type II) diabetes. DESIGN: Randomised parallel controlled study of moderate sodium restriction for three months compared with usual diabetic diet, followed by randomised double blind crossover trial of sustained release preparation of sodium for one month versus placebo for one month in patients continuing with sodium restriction. SETTING: Patients attending diabetic outpatient clinic of city hospital. PATIENTS: Thirty four patients with established type II diabetes complicated by mild hypertension (systolic blood pressure greater than 160 mm Hg or diastolic pressure greater than 95 mm Hg on three consecutive occasions). Patients already taking antihypertensive agents (but not diuretics) not barred from study provided that criteria for mild hypertension still met. Conditions precluding patients from study were diabetic or hypertensive nephropathy, cardiac failure, and pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: After run in phase with recordings at seven weeks, three weeks, and time zero patients were allocated at random to receive moderate dietary sodium restriction for three months (n = 17) or to continue with usual diabetic diet. Subsequently nine patients in sodium restriction group continued with regimen for a further two months, during which they completed a randomised double blind crossover trial of sustained release preparation of sodium (Slow Sodium 80 mmol daily) for one month versus matching placebo for one month. END POINT: Reduction in blood pressure in type II diabetics with mild hypertension. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Supine and erect blood pressure, body weight, and 24 hour urinary sodium and potassium excretion measured monthly during parallel group and double blind crossover studies. After parallel group study sodium restriction group showed significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (supine 19.2 mm Hg, erect 21.4 mm Hg; p less than 0.001) and mean daily urinary sodium excretion (mean reduction 60 mmol/24 h). There were no appreciable changes in weight, diabetic control, or diastolic pressure. No significant changes occurred in controls. In double blind crossover study mean supine systolic blood pressure rose significantly (p less than 0.005) during sodium supplementation (to 171 mm Hg) compared with value after three months of sodium restriction alone (159.9 mm Hg) and after one month of placebo (161.8 mm Hg). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate dietary restriction of sodium has a definite hypotensive effect, which may be useful in mild hypertension of type II diabetes.
 Effects of intake of royal jelly in type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo 3 (1000mg) capsules daily Intervention 1: Intervention group: 3 royal jelly (1000mg) capsules daily. Intervention 2: Control group: placebo 3 (1000mg) capsules daily. Intervention group: 3 royal jelly (1000mg) capsules daily Prevention CONDITION: DIABETES MELLITUS. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Interleukin‐6. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: fast plasma interleukin‐6,ELISA method. Serum malondialdehyde. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: fast plasma malondialdehyde level,spectrophotometry. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: plasma antioxidant activity ,FRAP method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: confirmed diabetes type 2 based on physicians diagnosis, being volunteer or willingness to attend, no history of cardiovascular, liver or kidney diseases, not receiving insulin prior to 3 months before the trial, age between 20‐65 years old, HbA1c 6‐8%, no allergy to honey or its products, BMI between 20‐30, duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus for 5 ‐10 years, no history of smoking and alcohol drinking Exclusion criteria: cholesterol >=240mg/dl, TG>=400mg/dl, incomplete consumption of royal jelly, creation of allergy during the study period, using of any kind of food supplements, pregnancy, lactation, using of oral contraceptive pills, changing medication dosage
 Mesenchymal Stem Cells Transplantation in newly diagnosed Type-1 Diabetes Patients;  INTERVENTION: Case group: Intravenous injection of 1 million autologous mesenchymal stem cells per kg of patient’s body weight in each dose, week 0 and 3 Control: Receive placebo Intervention 1: Case group: Intravenous injection of 1 million autologous mesenchymal stem cells per kg of patient’s body weight in each dose, week 0 and 3. Intervention 2: Control: Receive placebo. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety. Timepoint: weeks 1,2,3, Months 1,2,3,6,9 & 12. Method of measurement: Assessment based on evaluater & subjects. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting C‐peptide enhancement. Timepoint: weeks 1,2,3, Months 1,2,3,6,9 & 12. Method of measurement: Blood Test. Hypoglycemic Unawareness episodes. Timepoint: weeks 1,2,3, Months 1,2,3,6,9 & 12. Method of measurement: Assessment based on evaluater & subjects. Patient's Metabolic indexes enhancement. Timepoint: weeks 1,2,3, Months 1,2,3,6,9 & 12. Method of measurement: Assessing HbA1C, C‐peptide & Insulin demand of patients. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 1 diabetes detection in less than 6 weeks; diabetes diagnosis according to American Diabetes Association; Presence of Antibodies against pancreatic beta cells; Both Sexes; Age: 8‐40 years; Fasting C‐peptide = 0.3 ng/ml Exclusion Criteria: Pregnancy or breastfeeding; Cancer; Any acute or severe disease (According to physicians diagnosis: such as cardiac, pulmonary, hepatic, kidney, mental,… diseases); Positive results for: HIV, HTLV, HBV, HCV, CMV; Immune deficient or hyper aesthesia; History of ketoacidosis
 Postpartum Weight Loss for Women at Elevated Cardiovascular Risk;  The aim of this study is to test the feasibility and effectiveness of a 16‐week online behavioral weight loss program compared to usual care to promote weight loss in the postpartum period among women with cardiovascular risk factors. The investigators will also be testing different behavioral strategies to recruit postpartum women to the study, including 2 email recruitment strategies and 2 mailer recruitment strategies, informed by behavioral design.
 A trial of 26 weeks of subcutaneous liraglutide (a GLP1 receptor agonist), with or without continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA);  INTERVENTION: Following screening, patients with OSA and T2DM will be recruited from primary (GPs) and secondary care settings (out­patients clinics) across the Liverpool and Newcastle areas. After informed consent has been obtained patients will undergo a series of physiological assessments to examine metabolic and cardiovascular health and will then randomised to one of the following interventions: 1. Control (no intervention) 2. GLP1­RA 3. CPAP 4. GLP1­RA & CPAP All assessments will be repeated following the intervention period. CONDITION: Diabetes, sleep apnoea ; Respiratory PRIMARY OUTCOME: Liraglutide treatment INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Males or females, age 18­‐75 years. 2. Reproductive Status: Definition of Women of Child ­Bearing Potential (WOCBP). WOCBP comprises women who have experienced menarche and who have not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or who are not post­menopausal (see definition below) 3. WOCBP must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test result (minimum sensitivity 25 IU/L or equivalent units of HCG) within 0 to 72 hours before the first dose of study drug. 4. A clinical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes 5. Glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) >53mmol/mol 6. BMI>30kg/ m2 7. Currently treated with either diet or any combination of metformin and sulphonylureas (excluding patients treated with DPP­IV inhibitors*, pioglitazone or insulin) 8. No current use of Liraglutide treatment 9. Patients with moderate­severe OSA as assessed by polysomnographic criteria, either by: 9.1. Apn
 the efficace of magnesium sulfate in preterm labor pain managment;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The patients in group A, will be received 4gr magnesium sulfate in 200cc D/W 5% during 15 to 20 minutes and then infusion of 20 gr magnesium sulfate during 10 hours (2gr/h). Intervention 2: The patients in group B, will be received 4gr magnesium sulfate in 200cc D/W 5% during 15 to 20 minutes and then continues infusion of 2gr/hr magnesium sulfate for 12 hours. The patients in group A, will be received 4gr magnesium sulfate in 200cc D/W 5% during 15 to 20 minutes and then infusion of 20 gr magnesium sulfate during 10 hours (2gr/h) The patients in group B, will be received 4gr magnesium sulfate in 200cc D/W 5% during 15 to 20 minutes and then continues infusion of 2gr/hr magnesium sulfate for 12 hours Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: preterm labour pain. ; Preterm spontaneous labour with preterm delivery Preterm spontaneous labour with preterm delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Controlling uterine contraction. Timepoint: during intervention‐ 24 h after intervention. Method of measurement: checking uterine contraction by hand. Preterm delivery. Timepoint: just after intervention‐ 48 h after intervention. Method of measurement: , delivery before 37 weeks of gestation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Duration of neonatal admission in NICU. Timepoint: after intervention. Method of measurement: day. Duration of pregnancy. Timepoint: during and after intervention. Method of measurement: day. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:gestational age of 24 ‐ 36 weeks;the presence of atleast 4 uterus contraction during 20 min; dilatation below 4 cm; effacement less than 80% Exclusion criteria:coexistense of medical disease such as diabetes mellitus; asthma; cardiovascular disease; preeclampsia; uterine bleeding; rupture of membrane; placenta decolman; intruterine infections; UTI; fetus anomalies; previous preterm labor pain; lack of decreasing uterus contractions during 2 first hr after administration of magnesium sulfate; The patient need to administration of magnesium sulfate after 24 h.
 Effect of hydroalcoholic root extract of berberis vulgaris in patients with Type2 Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, Berberis vulgaris root extract Capsule 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for six weeks. Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, placebo Capsule 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for six weeks Intervention 1: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, Berberis vulgaris root extract Capsule 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for six weeks. Intervention 2: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, placebo Capsule 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for six weeks. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2hpp (2 hour post prandial) blood glucose. Timepoint: baseline , after six weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients, mg/dl. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: baseline, after six weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients, mg/dl. Fructosamine. Timepoint: baseline, after six weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients ,umol. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: baseline , after six weeks. Method of measurement: Manometer, mmHg. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: baseline, after six weeks. Method of measurement: calculated as weight (kg)/height (m2). Lipid profile. Timepoint: baseline, after six weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients, mg /dl. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 20‐65 years; HbA1C <8.5; Fasting Blood Sugar <200; diagnosis of Diabetes less than 1 years; Only use oral blood glucose lowering drugs. Exclusion critria: triglyceride More Than 500 ;pregnancy; Consumers of anticoagulants drugs (except Aspirin); chronic liver disease except fatty liver disease; Renal Failure; Heart failure; Hemorrhagic strokes; hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism
 Effect of Berberis root active component (Berberine) in patients with Type2 Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, a new lifestyle, placebo Capsule 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for four weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, a new lifestyle, Herbal Capsule Berberine 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for four weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, a new lifestyle, placebo Capsule 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for four weeks. Intervention group: Forty‐two Patients in addition to previous medications, a new lifestyle, Herbal Capsule Berberine 500 mg twice per day, every twelve hours for four weeks. Placebo CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 Diabet. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: 2hpp( 2 hour post prandial). Timepoint: baseline , after four weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients, mg/dl. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: baseline , after four weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients, mg/dl. Fructosamine. Timepoint: baseline , after four weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients ,umol. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: baseline , after four weeks. Method of measurement: Manometer, mmHg. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: baseline , after four weeks. Method of measurement: Scale,Meter,Kg/m2. Lipid profile. Timepoint: baseline , after four weeks. Method of measurement: Blood samples from patients,Mg per deciliter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 30‐65 years; HbA1C 7‐8.5; Fasting Blood Sugar 126 ‐200; diagnosis of Diabetes less than 10 years; Only use oral blood glucose lowering drugs . Exclusion critria: Fasting Blood Sugar More Than 200; HbA1C More Than 8.5 ;triglyceride More Than 500; pregnancy; Consumers of anticoagulants drugs (except Aspirin); chronic liver disease except fatty liver disease; proliferative Diabetic retinopathy; Renal Failure; Heart failure; Hemorrhagic strokes; hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism; treatment with Insulin.
 Manchester Intermittent and Daily diet Diabetes App Study;  INTERVENTION: Participants are randomly allocated to one of two low calorie diets. Participants in group one complete the standard daily low calorie diet of 800 calories/day for eight weeks. Participants in group 2 complete the intermittent low calorie diet invovling two 800 kcal days each week spread over 27 weeks. Participants from both groups are supported by healthcare progessions using a smartphone/tablet app or regular telephone calls. The 800 calorie days on both diets involve a liquid meal replacement product called Optifast. The trial intervention is delivered through a combination of the following programmes: 1. Dietary Programmes 2. Dietary support by Diabetes Dietitian 3. Clinical Support by Diabetes Specialist Nurse mainly for participants who are: 3.1. Currently prescribed insulin, sulphonyureas, gliptin, SGLT2 or GLP1 3.2. Previously prescribed insulin, sulphonyureas, gliptin, SGLT2 or GLP1 before commencing the study 3.3. Patients with abnormal glucose results (>7 mmol fasting and > 11 mmol non‐fasting) during the study 4. Exercise therapy 5. Psychological Support 6. Clinical Support through MDT and scheduled visits and remote monitoring via Milestones DM2 app Participants have an initial appointment which includes a three hour screening and assessment to check eligibility of the study. Participants are assessed for their weight and body fat, measurements, blood tests, blood pressure, short questionnaires and pregnant. They are then randomly allocated to their group for their diet. PArticipants receive individuals exercise advice from a diabetes exercise specialist via telephone or video call for around 30‐45 minutes. Participants are asked to attend follow up face to face appointments at Wythenshawe hospital at two, three, six and 12 months. The six and 12 month appointments last 1.5 hrs and will involve a repeat of the assessments and questionnaires done at your initial appointment. The two and three month appointments lasts one hour as they involve fewe CONDITION: Specialty: Diabetes, Primary sub‐specialty: Type 2; UKCRC code/ Disease: Metabolic and Endocrine/ Diabetes mellitus ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Enrolment rate is measured using the data collected on numbers of patients at end of recruitment window (6 months); 2. Proportion of participants who lose and maintain 15% weight loss is measured using ITT analysis (intention to treat (ITT) analysis) at 12 months; 3. Proportion of participants who achieve good blood sugar levels are measured using an intention to treat analysis at 12 months; SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Quality of life is measured using the EQ‐5D‐3L and Audit of Diabetes‐Dependent Quality of Life questionnaires at weeks 27 and 52; 2. Body composition is measured using the Tanita 180 at weeks 8,12, 27 and 52 weeks and fasting blood glucose levels weeks 8,12,27,52; 3. Cardiovascular risk markers measured using blood pressure, weight, waist circumference at baseline weeks 8,12, 27, 52 and lipid profile at baseline, weeks 27 and 52; 4. Reduction in diabetes medicine is measured using data collected on treatments and current treatments as per the study protocol at the end of the study; 5. Feasibility is measured using a qualitative interview at weeks 8, weeks 27 and 52; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients aged 18–75 years 2. Patients with diagnosis of T2DM for less than 8 years , based on 2 recorded diagnostic‐level tests, HbA1c and/or blood glucose or OGTT 3. HbA1c = 48 mmol/mol within last 12 months 4. Body Mass Index (BMI) >27 kg/m2 and <50kg/m2 or >25 kg/m2 and <50kg/m2 in high‐risk minority ethnic groups (specifically South Asian, Black African and African Caribbean people) 5. Patients should have access and able to use a smartphone or tablet running iOS or Android to be able to use the Oviva app OR access and ability to use a telephone 6. Participants must be willing to give written informed consent and be able to adhere to the study schedules and procedures 7. Patients should be willing to follow the VLED using Optifast drinks 8. Female participants of childbearing age must agree to maintain highly effective contraception during their participation in the study and must have negative pregnancy test at screening and each stu
 Study on efficacy of Caucasian whortleberry in treatment of type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Caucasian whortleberry fruits extract, one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 2 months Intervention 1: Caucasian whortleberry fruits extract, one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 2 months. Intervention 2: One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 2 months. One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 2 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 Type 2 diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting glucose serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Glycosylated hemoglobin blood level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: 2 hours postprandial glucose serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: type 2 diabetic patients, patients aged 40 to 60 years, patients with fasting glucose serum levels between 200 and 250 mg/dl, patients with glycosylated hemoglobin blood levels between 6.5 to 8 percent, patients whose blood glucose levels are not within the normal range despite using a combination of oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs. Exclusion criteria: patients with cardiac, renal or hepatic diseases, concomitant infections, pregnant women, women planning pregnancy, breast‐feeding women.
 The effect of hydro alcoholic extract of Juglans regia leaves on blood glucose in adults with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: capsule contains 100 mg of hydro alcoholic extract of Juglans regia leaves, twice daily for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo group: flour of bean capsul, twice daily for 8 weeks. Intervention group: capsule contains 100 mg of hydro alcoholic extract of Juglans regia leaves, twice daily for 8 weeks Placebo Placebo group: flour of bean capsul, twice daily for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: FBS. Timepoint: before and 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. HbA1C. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile. Timepoint: before and 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. Serum insulin. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: laboratory. Weight. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: weight Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 30 to 80, HbA1C>7% in spite of using 50% of maximal dose of two antidiabetic drug. Exclusions criteria: Immune deficiency, pregnancy and lactation, cardiovascular disease, currently receiving corticosteroids and thiazide, uncontrolled thyroid dysfunction, acute infection ,history of diabetic ketoacidosis , Cr>1.5 for male, Cr>1.2 for female, acute hepatitis, cirrhosis, proliferative retinopathy and severe weight loss (at least 10% during last 6 months)
 The effeect of intravenous injection of midazolam ,midazolam- ketamine and ketamine on reduce prevalence of post spainal sheivering;  INTERVENTION: In control group we will inject 2 cc of Normal saline 0/9% IV. after clamping the umbilical cord In First group, we will inject 75 µg /kg of Midazolam IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. In Second group, we will inject 0/5mg / kg of ketamine IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. In Third group, we will inject 0/25mg / kg of ketamine and 37/5µg / kg midazolam IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. Intervention 1: In First group, we will inject 75 µg /kg of Midazolam IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. Intervention 2: In Second group, we will inject 0/5mg / kg of ketamine IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. Intervention 3: In Third group, we will inject 0/25mg / kg of ketamine and 37/5µg / kg midazolam IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. Intervention 4: In control group we will inject 2 cc of Normal saline 0/9% IV. after clamping the umbilical cord. Placebo Prevention CONDITION: Other complications of anaesthesia post spainal sheivering. ; Other complications of anaesthesia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Shivering after spinal anesthesia in patients undergoing elective cesarean. Timepoint: Since spinal anesthesia or intravenous of midazolam, ketamine ,midazolam‐ ketamine or normal saline. Method of measurement: Shivering intensity divided by 4 score will be assessed.Grade zero: no Shivering . Grade1: mild fasciculation in the face and neck. Grade2: trembling visible muscle groups in more than one category. Grade 3: Zlany activity of the whole body is involved. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Arterial blood oxygen saturation. Timepoint: during the surgery and recovery. Method of measurement: Pulse oximeter. Hallucination. Timepoint: during the surgery and recovery. Method of measurement: Observation. Heart rate. Timepoint: during the surgery and recovery. Method of measurement: Cardiac monitor. Hemodynamic instability. Timepoint: during the surgery and recovery. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Sedation Score. Timepoint: during the surgery and recovery. Method of measurement: Ramsay score. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: (a) Age 18‐40 years and undergoing cesarean section; (b) ; physical status class I or II in accordance with anesthesia; (c) Term pregnancy (gestational age 36‐40 weeks); (d) Singleton pregnancy. Exclusion criteria: (a) High‐risk pregnancy; (b) Preeclampsia;(c) A history of cardiovascular disease, lung disease, mental, thyroid disease, diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2;(d) needs to blood or blood supply transfusion;(e) Fever over 38 ° C;(f) Drag over an hour during surgery;(g) A history of nausea and vomiting to Previous surgery;(h) Despite the decrease in body temperature or sheivering before the start of anesthesia due to fear or other reasons;(i) Patients with spinal anesthesia ban.
 Effects of intake of royal jelly in type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo 3 (1000mg) capsules daily Intervention 1: Intervention group: 3 royal jelly (1000mg) capsules daily. Intervention 2: Control group: placebo 3 (1000mg) capsules daily. Intervention group: 3 royal jelly (1000mg) capsules daily Prevention CONDITION: DIABETES MELLITUS. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: APO‐A1. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: fast APO‐A1 serum level,Immunoturbidimetry. APO‐B. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: fast APO‐B serum level,Immunoturbidimetry. Blood pressure. Timepoint: at the baseline, at the middle and the end of the study. Method of measurement: blood pressure,sphygmomanometer. Fast blood sugar. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic,Glucose oxidase. HbA1c. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: fast HbA1c serum level,Chromatography. HOMA‐R. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR=Glucose ? Insulin/405,Calculating. Serum Insulin Level. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: fast serum insulin level,IRMA method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: confirmed diabetes type 2 based on physicians diagnosis, being volunteer or willingness to attend, no history of cardiovascular, liver or kidney diseases, not receiving insulin prior to 3 months before the trial, age between 20‐65 years old, HbA1c 6‐8%, no allergy to honey or its products, BMI between 20‐30, duration of type 2 diabetes mellitus for 5 ‐10 years, no history of smoking and alcohol drinking Exclusion criteria: cholesterol >=240mg/dl, TG>=400mg/dl, incomplete consumption of royal jelly, creation of allergy during the study period, using of any kind of food supplements, pregnancy, lactation, using of oral contraceptive pills, changing medication dosage
 The effect of the DASH diet in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group will be adherence to DASH diet for a period of 12 weeks. Intervention 2: The control group will be adherence to American Diabetes Association recommendations for a period of 12 weeks. Prevention The control group will be adherence to American Diabetes Association recommendations for a period of 12 weeks. The intervention group will be adherence to DASH diet for a period of 12 weeks. CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Free Fatty Acid. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA method, nmol/ml. HDL cholesterol. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic method, mg/dl. LDL cholesterol. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic method, mg/dl. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic method, mg/dl. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic method, mg/dl. VLDL cholesterol. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: Triglyceride/5, if TG>400: VLDL‐C = TC – (HDL‐C + LDL‐C), mg/dl. Weight. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: Inbody770 Body Analyzer, kg. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body composition analysis (Fat mass, Fat free mass, Body water, Body cell mass, Skeletal muscle mass). Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: Inbody770 Body Analyzer, Bioelectrical impedance analysis. Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer, mmHg. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Before Intervention and 12 weeks after Intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer, mmHg. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Criteria for inclusion in the study: Suffering from diabetes type 2; Not Suffering from any diabetic complications such as nephropathy, retinopathy, neuropathy and cardiovascular complications; Aged between 18 to 65; Consumption of same drugs (glibenclamide, metformin). Criteria for exclusion from the study: Suffering from diabetes type 1; Insulin Therapy; Suffering from liver diseases; Suffering from renal diseases; Suffering from thyroid disease; Pregnancy and lactation; Smoking and drinking alcohol; Consumption of drugs reducing blood fat and pressure and Weight, thiazide diuretics and corticosteroids; Change of type and dosage of consuming drugs during the study; Consumption of Herbal or chemical supplements; Suffering from Electrolyte abnormalities and Digestive diseases associated with malabsorption; Gastric bypass surgery and cholecystectomy.
 Double blind, placebo-controlled trial to asses Cabergoline effects in type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Contro:Patients randomized to double‐blind treatment will be with Placebo 5 / 0 mg once a week for three months Intervention 1: Intervention:Patients randomized to double‐blind treatment will be with cabergoline 5 / 0 mg once a week for three months. Intervention 2: Contro:Patients randomized to double‐blind treatment will be with Placebo 5 / 0 mg once a week for three months. Intervention:Patients randomized to double‐blind treatment will be with cabergoline 5 / 0 mg once a week for three months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cabergoline effects on glycemic control. Timepoint: After the first and second trimester of intervention. Method of measurement: Blood tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Alanine Aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Blood test. Aspartate Aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Blood test. Blood Urea Nitrogen. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Blood test. Creatinine. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Blood test. Hypertension. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Barometer. Prolactin. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Blood test. Serum Insulin. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months afterIntervention. Method of measurement: Blood test. Waist size. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Meter. Weight. Timepoint: Before Intervention and the end of each three Months after Intervention. Method of measurement: Balance. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria :Type 2 diabetes diagnosed at least three months prior to study entry? greater than or equal treatment 2 Oral medication to control blood sugar With at least 50% of recommended dose? Age between 20 to 80 years; A1C hemoglobin more than %7.5 at the time of study entry? Reliable method of contraception in women of reproductive age entered the study. Exclusion criteria: Unwillingness of the patient? known immunodeficiency? pregnancy and lactation, cardiovascular disease? taking drugs that have effects on blood sugar levels include: corticosteroids and thiazide?Uncontrolled thyroid disease?History of diabetic ketoacidosis‐Creatinine above 2‐Liver and kidney disease? known allergy to cabergoline?proliferative retinopathy; HA1C >10% and severe weight loss
 The effect of a probiotic supplementation versus no treatment on level of salivary TNF-a in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Routine treatment plus Familact capsule 500 mg one a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Routine treatment only. Routine treatment only Routine treatment plus Familact capsule 500 mg one a day for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Measuring the level of TNF‐a. Timepoint: in fourth and eighth weeks after treatment. Method of measurement: using Bendcrmedsystem kit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nothing. Timepoint: Nothing. Method of measurement: Nothing. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: (a) having type 2 diabetes; (b) body mass index equal to or greater than 25. Exclusion criteria: (a) using insulin, corticosteroids, immunosuppressive drugs, or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs; (b) smoking; (c) thyroid dysfunction; (d) cardiovascular diseases or renal failure; (e) pregnancy or breastfeeding; (f) using any kind of probiotic products in the past two months.
 A multicenter, Double-blind, RandOmised, two arm Parallel group trial to determine the effects of torasemide versus furosemide on one marker (PIP) of cardiac fibrosis in patient with Diastolic Heart Failure and diabetes mellitus type II;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Torasemid Product Name: Torasemid Product Code: Torasemid Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: TORASEMIDE CAS Number: 56211‐40‐6 Current Sponsor code: Torasemide Other descriptive name: Torasemid Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: Furosemid Product Name: Furosemid Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: FUROSEMIDE CAS Number: 54‐31‐9 Current Sponsor code: Furosemide Other descriptive name: Furosemid Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ CONDITION: Diastolic heart failure and diabetes mellitus type II Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this trial is to determine whether torasemide is superior to furosemide in reducing one marker (PIP) of cardiac fibrosis in subjects with diastolic heart failure and diabetes type II. Primary end point(s): Change in serum concentration of serum carboxy‐terminal peptide of procollagen type I (PIP) at 9 months compared to baseline Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives of this trial are to determine whether torasemide is superior to furosemide in improving exercise capacity and diastolic function, as well as quality of life, neuroendocrine activation in subjects with diastolic heart failure and diabetes type II. ; The trial also investigates clinical safety aspects.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: at 9 months compared to baseline SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): • Change in exercise capacity (peak VO2 on spiroergometry, 6‐minutes walking distance) at 9 months ; • Change in echocardiographic parameters of diastolic function ; • (E/A, E/E´, EDT, IVRT, S/D, AR, Vp, PVARdur, Adur, Tei‐Index, LV mass, LA‐area) at 9 months ; • Change in heart failure status (NYHA, signs and symptoms) at 9 months ; • Change in neuroendocrine activation (natriuretic peptides) at 9 months ; • Change in quality of life at 9 months ; • Clinical tolerability of trial medication will be assesses at all visits. ; • Change in laboratory parameter (CRP) at 9 months ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: at 9 months compared to baseline ; tolerability: at all visits INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Signed, written informed consent • Males or females • Age = 18 years • Diagnosed Diastolic Heart Failure according to the ESC guidelines (1)Signs or symptoms of heart failure, 2)Normal or mildly abnormal left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), 3)Evidence of diastolic left ventricular (LV) dysfunction) • PIP = 110 ng/ml or PIP = 70 ng/ml if left atrial volume (LAV) > 29 ml/m² • Diabetes type II • Women of childbearing potential must test negative for pregnancy and must agree to use a highly effective contraceptive method (defined as pearl index < 1) during the trial period. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 8 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 32
 Prevention of Cardiac and Vascular Events in Patients With NGT/IGT;  Condition: Patients submitted to coronary revascularization characterized for glucose tolerance after OGTT Intervention: L‐arginine for 6 months Inclusion criteria: patients in stable clinical conditions after coronary revascularization (CABG and percutaneous angioplasty with/without stent implantation). Age > 30 years, male and female. Fasting glucose levels below 126 mg/dl. Exclusion criteria. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, known type 2 diabetes mellitus, pregnancy, impaired kidney and liver function, severe and not treated arterial hypertension. Study type: randomized, double blind, Placebo, parallel
 Impact of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura on clinical outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction;  Background: There is scarce evidence reflecting the clinical outcomes in patients with Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP) and Acute Myocardial Infarction (AMI). The ITP patient population is at higher risk of bleeding complications due to low platelet counts and difficulty in managing their antiplatelet and anticoagulation therapy. In our study, we sought to assess clinical outcomes of ITP patients admitted with AMI using the US national inpatient sample (NIS) database. Purpose: To determine difference in in‐hospital mortality, clinical complications, and length of stay (LOS) in AMI patients with and without ITP. Methods: We identified adults aged ≥18 years hospitalized from 2005 to 2014 with AMI as their primary diagnosis utilizing ICD‐9 codes 410.0 to 410.92. Patients with ITP were identified using ICD‐9 code 287.31. The primary outcome was in‐hospital mortality. Secondary outcomes included coronary revascularization procedures (PCI and CABG), and in‐hospital complications including bleeding (intracranial, epistaxis, GI, and GU bleeding, hematoma, and bleeding requiring transfusion), cardiac complications, transfusions, acute ischemic stroke (AIS), and LOS. A propensity‐matched cohort accounting for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, and cardiovascular risk factors, was created to compare these outcomes. Patients with secondary causes of ITP such as HIV, pregnancy, sepsis, SLE, malignancy were excluded. Results: A total of 1108034 AMI admissions, of which 1002 with ITP, were identified. In the unmatched group, patients with ITP were older, and had more comorbidities (diabetes mellitus; hypothyroidism; atrial fibrillation; previous history of cardiovascular, peripheral, and end stage renal disease; all p<0.05). In the AMI population, 851 ITP and 851 non‐ITP admissions were propensity‐matched. Figure 1 illustrates the primary and secondary outcomes of the study among the propensity‐matched study groups. Although there was no difference in short‐term mortality between the ITP and non‐ITP patients with AMI, patients with ITP were less likely to undergo coronary revascularization possibly because of thrombocytopenia. Patients with ITP had significantly more bleeding complications and transfusions. We observed in our study that patients with ITP had a significantly longer LOS compared to non‐ITP patients (6.1 vs 5.4 days, with a mean ratio of 1.14 (95% CI: 1.05,1.23)). Conclusion: In the large population of patients included in the NIS database, patients with ITP admitted with AMI, have a significantly higher rate of bleeding complications, undergo less PCI and have a longer LOS compared to AMI patients without ITP. There are no current guidelines by ACC/AHA/ESC regarding management of patients with AMI and thrombocytopenia. These results warrant further investigation through randomized controlled trials including patients with thrombocytopenia to assess long term outcomes and to define optimal management in this population. (Figure Presented).
 A clinical Trial of autologous transplantation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells on diabetic foot ulcer;  INTERVENTION: Granulocyte Colony Stimulating Factor (GCSF) injection in both groups Intervention 1: Peripheral blood derived mononuclear cells injection (intra muscular in 60 sites in 3x3 cm distance, 1‐1.5cm deep) in intervention group. Intervention 2: Standard therapy (wound debarment and antibiotic therapy ) in both groups. Intervention 3: Granulocyte Colony Stimulating Factor (GCSF) injection in both groups. Peripheral blood derived mononuclear cells injection (intra muscular in 60 sites in 3x3 cm distance, 1‐1.5cm deep) in intervention group Standard therapy (wound debarment and antibiotic therapy ) in both groups Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus Diabetic foot ulcer. ; Diabetes mellitus E10‐E14 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Wound healing. Timepoint: 2‐4 weeks. Method of measurement: Healing value. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Improvement of blood circulation. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Improvement of ankle‐brachial index (ABI) & Doupler Sonography criterias. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects with unilateral or bilateral diabetic critical limb ischemia; age 18‐75, size of ulcer<10, Cr<2.5; Lower extremity ulcers of grade =2 Wagner’s classification; After failed surgical or Radiological interventional option for re‐vascularization as confirmed by A vascular surgeon. Exclusion criteria: Recent occurrence (within 3 months) of myocardial infarction or brain infarction; Existing vital organ dysfunction, including heart , lung or kidneys (creatinine=2.5); Coagulation disorders; Pregnant women ( women capable of childbearing must have a negative pregnancy test; Any past or present malignancy; Treatment with immunosuppressive therapy.
 A randomised, double blind, placebo controlled, parallel group study to assess the effect of the endothelin receptor antagonist avosentan on time to doubling of serum creatinine, end stage renal disease or death in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy - ASCEND;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: avosentan Product Code: SPP301 Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: avosentan CAS Number: 290815‐26‐8 Current Sponsor code: SPP301 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: avosentan Product Code: SPP301 Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: avosentan CAS Number: 290815‐26‐8 Current Sponsor code: SPP301 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Diabetic Nephropathy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effect of each dose of avosentan on time to doubling of serum creatinine, end stage renal disease (ESRD) or death when administered on top of standard treatment in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy. Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy criterion is the time to the composite endpoint of doubling of serum creatinine, ESRD or death. Secondary Objective: • Effect of each dose of avosentan on glomerular filtration rate (GFR), creatinine clearance and proteinuria [measured as albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR)]; • Effect of each dose of avosentan on time to coronary or peripheral vascular revascularisations including amputations (except where due to trauma), non‐fatal acute MI, stroke, congestive heart failure, unstable angina, and cardiovascular mortality; • Effect of each dose of avosentan on non‐cardiovascular mortality; • Measure avosentan & hydroxymethyl metabolite in a subpopulation of 1000 subjects; • Analysis of avosentan and hydroxymethyl metabolite from any subject who experiences any of: ; a) LFTs >3 x ULN (liver transaminases) ; b) secondary endpoint requiring hospitalisation ie acute MI, CHF, revascularisation, stroke, unstable angina ; c) withdrawals NOT due to expected events such as any component of the primary endpoint or to any other common event in this patient population ; d) rare events eg rhabdomyolysis; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male or female patients must be between 21 and 80 years of age, inclusive. • Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus diagnosed for at least 3 years and receiving oral anti‐diabetic treatment and/or insulin. • Female patients will either be: Post menopausal for greater than or equal to 2 years, Surgically sterile Or, if of child bearing potential, using double contraception, with at least one method being barrier contraception. Women of childbearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test at screening and at randomisation. Pregnancy tests will be repeated monthly during the study. • Proteinuria defined as ACR greater than or equal to 50mg/mmol. • Patients with serum creatinine between 1.5 and 3.2 mg/dL. • On standard treatment for diabetic nephropathy (such as angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), or the combination thereof) for at least 6 months before study start. Patients who are intolerant
 The effect of Biotin on blood glucose and plasma lipids in diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo once daily for 3 months Intervention 1: Intervention group: 40 mcg/kg of Biotin, once daily for 3 months. Intervention 2: Control group: placebo once daily for 3 months. Intervention group: 40 mcg/kg of Biotin, once daily for 3 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hg A1C. Timepoint: at the baseline and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: labratory test (Nycocard kits). Lipiod profile (cholesterol, triglycerides, low dencity lipoprotein, high dencity lipoprotein). Timepoint: before intervention and after 3 months. Method of measurement: laberatory method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Advers effects such as hypoglycemia, no tolerance to biotin. Timepoint: during the intervention. Method of measurement: self monitoring blood sugar by subjects. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: HbA1C more than 8% and history of diabetes type 1 for at least one year; age of 5‐25 years old. Exclusion criteria : history of renal and cardiac disease, seizure, using corticosteroids or anti‐convulsive drugs, also history of hypoglycemic attacks or ketoacidosis during past 3 months, and pregnancy.
 C-reactive protein and the insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-system in relation to risk of cardiovascular disease in different ethnic groups;  Inflammatory processes, marked in part by the acute phase reactant C‐reactive protein (CRP) and insulin resistance are implicated in atherogenesis. Low insulin‐like growth factor‐I (IGF‐I) and IGF binding protein‐1 (IGFBP‐1) concentrations are closely associated with insulin resistance. We examined CRP in ethnic groups with differing risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and its relationship with insulin sensitivity (Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)‐S) and the IGF system. European (n=155), Pakistani (n=108) and African‐Caribbean (African Caribbean) (n=177) origin participants were randomly sampled from population registers. All underwent basic anthropometry, glucose tolerance testing and measurement of insulin sensitivity, CRP and other metabolic variables. CRP was significantly lower in African Caribbean men and women than in other ethnic groups. Across all groups CRP correlated negatively with (HOMA‐S) (rho=‐0.29, P<0.001). Regression analysis which included ethnicity and body mass index (BMI) showed that low HOMA‐S (beta=‐0.17, P<0.001) and low IGFBP‐1 (beta=‐0.14, P<0.001) were independently and inversely associated with CRP, but the effect was modified by obesity. In obese subjects insulin sensitivity was not associated with CRP. However, for the whole population, a 2.7 mg/l increase in CRP was associated with a 50% (95% confidence interval (CI) 10‐210%) greater risk of WHO defined metabolic syndrome, independent of IGF‐I (odds ratio (OR) 0.46 (95% CI 0.22‐0.96)), IGFBP‐1 (OR 0.58 (0.44‐0.76)), female sex (OR 0.43 (0.22‐0.84)), NEFA (OR 1.06 (1.03‐1.09)) and Pakistani ethnicity. High CRP (as a measure of chronic subclinical inflammation), low IGF‐I and low IGFBP‐1 are independently associated with the presence of the metabolic syndrome and with insulin resistance. In obese subjects insulin sensitivity is not associated with changes in CRP whilst in non‐obese subjects CRP independently contributes to variation in HOMA‐S.
 Evaluating How a Mobile App Can Improve Prenatal Care;  The study was conducted in the women's health and family medicine departments of one community hospital and two medical centers across three states (Georgia, Nevada, and Virginia). In this hospital system, women are distributed a spiral notebook at their obstetric care intake appointment, which generally is scheduled for 8‐10 weeks gestation. The spiral notebook is designed for two purposes: 1) patient education of what happens throughout pregnancy, and 2) patient record keeping of the patient's own pregnancy experience, including space for recording weight, blood pressure, and journaling about what they experience between prenatal appointments. The mobile app used in this study was designed for the same two purposes and contained identical content, though through a mobile design interface (available on both Android and iOS platforms). After the pilot study, patient feedback on the mobile app was used to create a beta version. Notable differences were a feature for users to change font size, a search function, and weekly reminders. No substantive content changed. This randomized controlled study had one intervention (mobile application) and one control (standard of care ‐ spiral notebook) group. The study was approved by the first author's Institutional Review Board. At each medical center, the obstetrics intake nurse serially screened new obstetrics patients for inclusion criteria from May to November 2015. If patients met inclusion criteria, the nurse invited the patient to talk to a research assistant about the study. Exclusion criteria included conditions that would elevate the patient's care to complicated obstetrics care (e.g., cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, renal disorder, etc.). This was intended to capture a low‐risk obstetrics patient population that would follow a standard 4‐week pathway of care, in which patients attend a prenatal appointment once every four weeks during pregnancy. The study used pre‐assigned block randomization (each block n = 40) to balance the conditions throughout recruitment. Following consent and baseline measures, participants were randomized to the two conditions. Providers were blinded to patient participation in the study. Surveys were completed at four prenatal appointments, 10‐12 weeks, 28 weeks, 32 weeks, and 36 weeks gestation. All data collection was conducted with paper‐and‐pencil surveys in the clinic, immediately before and following each clinical appointment. At each appointment, patient weight and blood pressure were also recorded from the patient's electronic medical record. Use was assessed with three measures. Before each appointment, patients completed two items regarding use of the education and engagement tool. First they indicated if they had brought the mobile app/notebook to the appointment with them (yes/no). Then, they reported how frequently they had used the tool over the past month 1) to look for information and 2) to record information (never = 0, once = 1, weekly = 4, or daily = 28). Following each appointment, patients completed five subscales of the validated Prenatal Interpersonal Processes of Care (PIPC) scale (Wong et al., 2004), including elicitation/responsiveness to the patient, explanations of care, empowerment, patient‐centered decision making, and emotional support. Responses to each item were transformed onto a 0 (negative perception) to 100 (positive perception) scale, and items are averaged to create subscales. Then subscales are averaged to calculate the overall PIPC scale. At delivery, outcomes were recorded from the health record: gestational age, birth weight, and mode of delivery (vaginal or Caesarean section). At baseline, self‐reported measures included demographics, health literacy, and patient activation. Health literacy was assessed using the self‐reported Functional, Communicative, Critical Health Literacy Scale (Ishikawa, Takeuchi, & Yano, 2008) Patient activation was assessed with the validated, licensed patient activation measure (PAM) (Greene & Hibbard, 2012; Greene, Hibbard, Sacks, & Overton, 2013; Hibbard, Mahoney, Stockard, & Tusler, 2005; Hibbard et al., 2004), which uses 13 Likert‐type items to create a continuous patient activation measure on a scale of 0 (not activated) to 100 (most activated). PAM was also replicated at time 4 (32 week appointment). As a surrogate measure, patient activation was also assessed at a behavioral level by asking patients at 36 weeks how many mobile apps they had used throughout their pregnancy.
 The effect of Inullin supplementation on expression of KLF5 in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cell and pelasma levels miR-375 in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Two Oral Dose 5 g Starch Corn Intervention Groups: Two Oral Dose of 5 g of Inulin Intervention 1: Intervention Groups: Two Oral Dose of 5 g of Inulin. Intervention 2: Control group: Two Oral Dose 5 g Starch Corn. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Non‐Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 Diabetes. ; Non‐Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mir‐375. Timepoint: Befor and After. Method of measurement: Real‐Time. SECONDARY OUTCOME: KLF5. Timepoint: Before and After. Method of measurement: Real‐Time. INCLUSION CRITERIA: inclusion criteria included:The diagnosis of type2 diabetes; aged 30 to 50 years; body mass index greater than 25 and less than 35 Exclusion criteria included: kidney disease; liver failure; heart failure; rheumatic diseases inflammatory diseases of the gastrointestinal tract; lactose intolerance; insulin injection and drugs Consumption: estrogen, progesterone, corticosteroids; smoking; breast feeding and pregnancy; vitamin, minerals,omega‐3 and antibiotics supplementation for three weeks before the start of the study
 A Pilot study of anti-diabetic effects of rich Oligosaccharides fraction which is taken from Rosa arvensis in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group receive treatment with a common protocol. Intervention 1: The intervention group receive three capsules daily, each containing 350 mg of rich Oligosaccharides fraction taken from Rosa arvensis which is added to the standard treatment and in case of decreasing blood sugar and improvement, other drugs are gradually discontinued and after three months of normal blood glucose, rich Oligosaccharides fraction dose is gradually reduced to three days a week, 700 mg daily. Intervention 2: Control group receive treatment with a common protocol. The intervention group receive three capsules daily, each containing 350 mg of rich Oligosaccharides fraction taken from Rosa arvensis which is added to the standard treatment and in case of decreasing blood sugar and improvement, other drugs are gradually discontinued and after three months of normal blood glucose, rich Oligosaccharides fraction dose is gradually reduced to three days a week, 700 mg daily Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetes of type2. ; Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood sugar (FBS). Timepoint: Baseline, 3 and 6 months after starting the study. Method of measurement: Test. Glucose tolerance test (BS). Timepoint: Baseline, 3 and 6 months after starting the study. Method of measurement: Test. Hba1c rate. Timepoint: Baseline, 3 and 6 months after starting the study. Method of measurement: Test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: diabetes diagnosis with fasting blood sugar over 125, or postprandial glucose over 200 or glycosylated hemoglobin level greater than 6; patient willingness and signed informed consent, age less than 65 years; history of diabetes less than 10 years; diabetes onset at least three months before. Exclusion criteria: requiring insulin injections or diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, kidney disease, liver disease, cancer, anemia and heart failure, pregnancy, glycosylated hemoglobin over 10, corticosteroids use.
 Study on the efficacy of nettle in the treatment of type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Nettle aerial parts extract at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 3 months. Intervention 2: one placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 3 months. Nettle aerial parts extract at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 3 months one placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to the oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs for 3 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2) Type 2 diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (type 2) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Decrease of the blood glycosylated hemoglobin level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Decrease of the serum glucose level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Increase of the serum creatinin level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Increase of the serum level of the liver enzyme SGOT. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Increase of the srum level of the liver enzyme SGPT. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: type 2 diabetic patients, patients aged 40 to 60 years, patients with fasting serum glucose level above 200 mg/dl, patients with blood glycosylated hemoglobin level above 8 percent, patients who despite using a combination of oral synthetic antidiabetic drugs, their blood glucose level is not within the normal range and thus need insulin injection but refuse to inject insulin. Exclusion criteria:patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic diseases, concomitant infections, pregnant women, women planning pregnancy, breast‐feeding women.
 Investigating cardiac energy levels in people with lean-type type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: This is a single centre, open‐label, randomized, cross‐over study. Participants will attend 4 visits in total over the course of approximately 40 weeks. Two cohorts of patients will be recruited: 28 lean‐T2D patients and 28 obese‐T2D patients. Potential participants will be invited to the Advanced Imaging Centre (AIC) at the Leeds General Infirmary for a screening/ baseline visit (Visit 1). At this visit, they will be given the PIS to read through, and given the opportunity to ask questions. If they are interested in participating, their consent will be taken in written form. Each participant will then have a series of non‐invasive tests. At this baseline visit, the following assessments will be done: â€¢ Review of medical history and concomitant medications â€¢ Review of history of diabetes and complications â€¢ Review of inclusion/exclusion criteria â€¢ Collection of demographic data â€¢ Vital signs â€¢ Physical examination â€¢ Height and weight â€¢ Blood pressure â€¢ Urine pregnancy test in women of childbearing potential â€¢ Venepuncture (fasting sample): 20mls â€¢ Multiparametric MRI â€¢ EndoPAT testing â€¢ 6‐minute walk test â€¢ 12‐lead ECG â€¢ Randomization â€¢ Dispense study medication and issue patient diary â€¢ Urine sample collection At this visit, participants will be randomized to receive either liraglutide or pioglitazone first. Participants that are already taking certain classes of glucose‐lowering medications may be excluded from the study (see exclusion criteria for mo CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Myocardial perfusion measured by MRI at baseline and 16‐weeks. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; At baseline and 16‐weeks:; 1. Myocardial energetics (PCr/ATP ratio), measure by MRI spectroscopy.; 2. Myocardial steatosis (myocardial triglyceride content), measured by MRI spectroscopy; 3. Myocardial function, measured by MRI; 4. Insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) measured by blood test; 5. Physical performance, measure by 6 minute walk test; 6. Hepatic triglyceride content, measured by blood test; 7. Peripheral endothelial function, measure by the EndoPAT machine; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Lean cohort: 1. Men and women >18 years of age 2. Normal body weight 18.5 = BMI =25 kg/mÂ² 3. T2D patients can be on treatment with oral glucose‐lowering therapies, and if they are, they must have been on these treatments for at least 12 weeks prior to screening 4. 6.5 = HBA1c = 10% at screening 5. Agreement to maintain prior diet and exercise habits for the duration of the study Overweight cohort: 1. Men and women >18 years of age 2. Increased body weight BMI >27 kg/mÂ² 3. T2D patients can be on treatment with oral glucose‐lowering therapies, and if they are, they must have been on these treatments for at least 12 weeks prior to screening 4. 6.5 = HBA1c = 10% at screening 5. Agreement to maintain prior diet and exercise habits for the d
 Impact of clinical pharmacists intervention on management of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in Jordan;  Background and objective Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and postpartum (PP) diabetes. This study aimed to assess the impact of the clinical pharmacist‐assisted program (CPAP) of optimizing drug therapy and intensive education on main management outcome measures of patient knowledge about diabetes, Quality of life (QoL) as measured by SF‐36 including maternal complications, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) control, and HbA1c. Method This is a randomized controlled study. Pregnant (20‐28 weeks) patients with hyperglycemia received CPAP (n = 51) as compared with conventional management (n = 34). Patients were then followed up for 6 weeks pp. Results A significant change was shown in the intervention group for diabetes knowledge (3.47% vs. control 2.03%, P < 0.05) and three aspects of health‐related QoL. The need for caesarian delivery (58.8% vs. control 35.3%) and severe episodes of hypoglycemia (0% vs. control 8.8%) were significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the intervention group. Six weeks PP reduction in HbA1c values was greater in the intervention group (‐ 0.54% vs. control ‐ 0.08%, P = 0.04) with more FPG‐controlled patients during pregnancy (94% vs. control 64.7%). Conclusion Clinical pharmacist assisted services in the management of pregnancy hyperglycemia fundamentally and significantly improve knowledge and disease control.
 Vitamin D receptor polymorphism , vitamin D-fortified Yogurt drink, Type 2 Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control Group: Plain yogurt drink Intervention 1: Intervention Group: Yogurt drink Fortified with 500 IU Cholecalciferol per 250 ml in AA genotype subgroup. Intervention 2: Intervention Group: Yogurt drink fortified with 500 IU cholecalciferol per 250 ml in aa genotype subgroup. Intervention 3: Intervention Group: Yogurt drink fortified with 500 IU cholecalciferol per 250 ml in Aa genotype subgroup. Intervention 4: Control Group: Plain yogurt drink. Intervention Group: Yogurt drink Fortified with 500 IU Cholecalciferol per 250 ml in AA genotype subgroup Placebo Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvment in Serum Vitamin D Status. Timepoint: 3 Months. Method of measurement: Serum 25(OH)D Level. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Albumin, total protein, BUN, AST, ALT, lipid profiles and uric acid. Timepoint: Baseline and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serum Albumin, Total protein, BUN, AST, ALT, Lipid profiles and Acid uric. Anthropometric indicators. Timepoint: Baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Weight, Height, BMI,Hip Circumferences ? Waist Circumferences, WHR. Blood pressure. Timepoint: baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Bone biomarkers. Timepoint: baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: serum magnesium,Phosphor, calcium, PTH,Osteocalcin. Glycemic biomarkers. Timepoint: baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: serum fasting glucose ,Insulin, HbA1C and Quiccki index. Inflammatory biomarkers. Timepoint: Baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Serum CRP,IL‐6 and Il‐4 , TNF‐a and IFN‐? concentrations in cell culture medium. Oxidative stress biomarkers. Timepoint: baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: serum superoxide dismutase,glutathion, glutathion peroxidase, MDA, TAC. Urinary albumin, calcium, magnesium,phosphorous and micro‐albumin. Timepoint: baseline and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Urinary concentrations of micro‐albumin, calcium, magnesium and phosphorous. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Fasting blood glucose = 126, 2. BMI between 25 to 35 kg/m2, 3. Age: 30‐60 years old, 4. Willingness to maintain current body weight for the duration of the study, 5. Willingness to maintain baseline lifestyle activities and routines for the duration of the study, 6. Willingness to avoid the use of all over‐the‐counter or prescription vitamins, dietary supplements, and herbal products during the study. Exclusion criteria: 1. History of cardiovascular disease, Gastrointestinal disease, Renal disease, Kidney stone, Hyperparathyroidism, 2. Receiving vitamin D or omega‐3 supplement within the last three months, 3. Pregnancy , or lactation within the study period, 4. Receiving insulin or any drug for weight reduction, reducing serum cholesterol, 5. Any change in type /or dose of the current hypoglycemic medications,
 Preeclampsia and early stroke incidence in The California teachers study;  Background: Preeclampsia (PEC) occurs in 3‐8% of all pregnancies and doubles women's long‐term stroke risk. Prospective data are limited regarding the rate at which this risk develops. We hypothesized that history of PEC would increase risk of early stroke (ES), defined as stroke before age 60 without concurrent PEC, in women in the California Teachers Study (CTS), and that the risk would be modified by aspirin or statin use. Methods: CTS participants aged ≤60 years with no prior stroke at time of enrollment in 1995 were included in this analysis. Baseline characteristics and medical and gynecological history were obtained by serial questionnaires. Participants were followed prospectively and stroke outcomes obtained via linkage with California hospital records through 12/31/2012. Poisson regression was used to calculate relative risk of ES incidence, among those with and without history of PEC, in unadjusted and adjusted models. We used stratified analyses to assess risk of ES in women with and without self‐reported use of aspirin and/or statins. Results: Of the 60,817 women included in the analysis, 3734 (6.1%) had PEC. Incident ES occurred in 49 (1.3%) women in the PEC group and 430 (0.8%) in the non‐PEC group. Risk of ES incidence was greater in women with PEC compared to non‐PEC in unadjusted models (RR 1.7, 95%CI 1.3‐2.3). Adjusting for age, hypertension, diabetes, migraine, and obesity, RR remained higher in the PEC group (RR 1.4, 95%CI 1.1‐1.9). Stratified analyses showed that this risk was mitigated in women taking aspirin or statins (RR 1.3, 95%CI 0.8‐2.1), but elevated in those not taking them (RR 1.5, 95%CI 1.02‐2.3). Conclusion: Women with prior PEC were 40% more likely than those without PEC to develop ES, even controlling for other risk factors. Women with a history of PEC should be considered high risk for ES. Randomized trials are needed to assess whether long‐term use of aspirin and/or statins would benefit all women with a history of PEC. (Table Presented).
 Does Dapaglifozin Regress Left Ventricular Hypertrophy In Patients With Type 2 Diabetes?;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Forxiga Product Name: Forxiga Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: dapagliflozin CAS Number: 461432‐26‐8 Other descriptive name: Dapagliflozin propanediol monohydrate Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Type 2 diabetes and left ventricular hypertrophy ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10061024 Term: Cardiac disorder System Organ Class: 10007541 ‐ Cardiac disorders ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10067585 Term: Type 2 diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 10027433 ‐ Metabolism and nutrition disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary Objective: To confirm expected effect of dapagliflozin on blood pressure (reduce blood pressure); To assess the effect of dapagliflozin on left ventricular diastolic function and global longitudinal strain; To confirm expected effect of dapagliflozin on body weight (reduce weight); To assess the effect of dapagliflozin on visceral fat mass.; To assess the effects of dapagliflozin on blood biomarkers.; To assess the tolerability of dapagliflozin in this patient group; Main Objective: To see if Dapagliflozin reduces left ventricular size more than placebo in participants with type 2 diabetes and left ventricular hypertrophy Primary end point(s): LV Mass by Cardiac MRI Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 0 & 52 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): 1) To confirm expected effect of dapagliflozin on 24 hour BP; 2) To confirm expected effect of dapagliflozin on Office BP; 3) To confirm expected effect of dapagliflozin on body weight; 4) To assess the effect of dapagliflozin on visceral fat mass.; 5) To assess the effects of dapagliflozin on biomarkers.; 6) To assess the tolerability of dapagliflozin in this patient group; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1) 0 & 52 weeks; 2) 0, 4, 17, 34 & 52 weeks; 3) 0, 4, 17, 34 & 52 weeks; 4) 0 & 52 weeks; 5) 0, 4, 17, 34 & 52 weeks; 6) 0, 4, 17, 34 & 52 weeks; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of informed consent before any trial specific procedures. 2. Diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus based on the current American Diabetes Association guidelines. 3. Aged >18 and <80 years 4. Body Mass Index =23 5. HbA1c 48‐85mmol/mol (last known result within in the previous 6 months) 6. BP <145/90mmHg 7. Echocardiographic LV hypertrophy (defined as either an LV mass index of >115g/m2 for men and >95g/m2 for women indexed to body surface area or > 44g/m2.7 or 48g/m2.7 when indexed to height) within the previous 6 months. 8. Women of childbearing potential must agree to take precautions to avoid pregnancy throughout the trial and for 4 weeks after intake of the last dose. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0
 A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of MK-0431 Monotherapy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Who Have Inadequate Glycemic Control - MK-0431 Monotherapy Study in Patients with Type 2 DM;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: MK‐0431 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet Current Sponsor code: MK‐0431 Other descriptive name: L‐000224715 Concentration unit: mg/g milligram(s)/gram Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 200‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus ; MedDRA version: 7.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 INCLUSION CRITERIA: a. Patient has type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). b. Patient is ?18 and ?75 years of age. c. Patient has an understanding of the study procedures and agrees to participate in the study by giving written informed consent. d. Patient is not pregnant or breast‐feeding and does not plan to become pregnant for the duration of the study and poststudy follow‐up period. e. Patient is a male, or a female who is highly unlikely to conceive f. HbA1c ?7% and ?10% measured at, or within 2 weeks prior to, Visit 3. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Main objective : In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with inadequate glycemic control on diet and exercise: (1) After 24 weeks, to assess the effect of treatment with MK‐0431 compared with placebo on HbA1C. (2) To assess the safety and tolerability of MK‐0431. Primary end point(s): a. Patient has a history of type 1 diabetes mellitus or a history of ketoacidosis; b. Patient has an ALT or AST >2.0‐fold the Upper Limit of Normal (ULN); c. Patient’s renal function is reflected below as indicated by a “yes” answer to one of the following:; 1) Patient is a male = 65 years of age and serum creatinine >1.8 mg/dL (159.1 µmol/L).; 2) Patient is a male > 65 years of age and serum creatinine >1.6 mg/dL (141.4 µmol/L).; 3) Patient is a female = 65 years of age and serum creatinine >1.6 mg/dL (141.4 µmol/L).; 4) Patient is a female > 65 years of age and serum creatinine >1.3 mg/dL (114.9 µmol/L).; 5) Creatinine clearance is <50 mL/min.; d. Patient has any of the following disorders within the past 6 months: ; • Acute coronary syndrome (e.g., MI or unstable angina) ; • Coronary artery intervention (e.g., CABG or PTCA) ; • Stroke or transient ischemic neurological disorder; • Patient has new or worsening signs or symptoms of coronary heart disease within the past 3 months.; e. Patient has new or worsening signs or symptoms of coronary heart disease within the past 3 months.; f. Patient has a BMI <20 kg/m2 or >43 kg/m2; g. Patient has a positive urine pregnancy test; h. Patient has any other condition or therapy which, in the opinion of the investigator or Merck medical monitor, might pose a risk to the patient or make participation not in the patient’s best interest.; i. Patient has poor mental function or any other reason to expect that the patient may have difficulty in complying with the requirements of the study.; Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives : After 24 weeks, to assess the effect of treatment with MK‐0431 compared with placebo on: (1) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and fructosamine; and (2) the plasma glucose profile after a standard meal challenge. Over 104 weeks, to assess the effect of treatment with MK‐0431 on: (3) HbA1C and FPG; (4) the durability of glycemic efficacy; (5) In a subset of patients undergoing more extensive blood sampling after a standard meal challenge: indices of insulin secretion derived from the C‐peptide, insulin, and glucose profile. (6) In a subset of patients undergoing intravenous glucose tolerance testing: indices of insulin secretion derived from the C‐peptide, insulin, and glucose profile.
 Artificial neural network for prediction of hemorrhagic severity in patients with immune thrombocytopenia purpura;  Background: Predict the severity of new bleeding in patients affected by Immune Thrombocytopenia (ITP) is a challenge. There is no consensus on severity of new bleeding in these patients. Therefore, artificial neural networks (ANN) ‐relating clinical factors with consequences of ITP ‐may have great potential to assist in treatment. Aims: To obtain an ANN model capable of predicting the severity of new bleeds based on blood count and patient history. Methods: Data from 631 C consultations and 631 C + 1 consultations ‐of 118 patients with ITP were collected between 2007 and 2018. Twenty six clinical and laboratorial parameters were considered: sex, age, comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, pregnancy, neoplasia, chemotherapy or radiotherapy, infection and/or fever, lupus, dyslipidemia, stroke and/or acute myocardial infarction, venous thromboembolism, others), hepatitis B, hepatitis C, HIV, ANF, anticardiolipin, lupus anticoagulant, hemoglobin, erythrocytes, leukocytes, platelets, mean platelet volume, bleeding presence and bleeding severity (between 1 and 5). All these variables considered in C consultation were used as ANN inputs. The bleeding severity in C + 1 consultation were used as ANN output. The data were randomly divided into train (70%), test (15%), and validation (15%) data. ANNs with the number of neurons from 5 to 30 were tested, trained with the Levenberg‐Marquardt method, and minimizing the mean square error (MSE) between the clinical parameter and the calculated. Results: The best result was obtained with a two hidden layers ANN, with 25 neurons in both layers. The correlation was 0.8854 (train), 1.0000 (test) and 0.9998 (validation). This model was able to predict severity of new bleeding in 99.21% of cases with a relative error less than 1%. Conclusions: The results obtained show that ANN have great potential to assist in the treatment of ITP, and must be refined and validate in other group of patients to be used in clinical practice.
 Efficacy of ibutilide fumerate in cardioversion of atrial flutter and atrial fibrillation;  Background: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia. The lifetime risk of developing AF is around 26% for men and 23% for women at 40 years of age and above. Ibutilide Fumarate, a substituted methane sulfonamide derivative, is an intravenous Class III antiarrhythmic agent which is recommended as Class 1A drug for conversion of AF or atrial flutter (AFl) to normal sinus rhythm. Clinically, Ibutilide doesn't alter blood pressure, heart rate, QRS duration, or PR interval. Ibutilide is widely used in western world but there is paucity of data regarding efficacy of this drug in India, so this study was done to determine the efficacy of this drug in Indians and to evaluate various predictors for successful outcome. Methods: The aim of our study was to evaluate the cardioversion efficacy of Ibutilide in AF and AFl in Indian population and to study the factors which are predictive of successful cardioversion with this drug. It was a prospective descriptive interventional pilot study. Patients who were >18 years of age and who presented with AF and AFl of any duration with preserved left ventricular systolic function (left ventricular ejection fraction > 50%) were included in the study. Patients who were hemodynamically unstable, pregnant and who had hemodynamically significant (moderate to severe) valvular heart disease or any structural heart disease, severe heart failure (NYHA Class IV), proven chronic AF, left atrial or left atrial appendage clot, history of long QT interval (>440 milliseconds), AF with slow ventricular response (<65 bpm), past history of ventricular tachycardia and known hypersensitivity to Ibutilide were excluded from the study. One vial (1mg) Ibutilide was infused IV over 10 minutes to the patients and if the arrhythmia was not terminated within 10 minutes after the end of the initial infusion, the 1 mg IV infusion was repeated. Cardioversion efficacy of the drug and adverse effects were noted and patients were monitored closely for at least 4 hours after the infusion ends. Results: In our pilot study 24 patients were included, 12 (50%) were male and 12 (50%) were female. 20(83.3%) patients were more than 50 years of age. 14 (58.3%) were hypertensive, 9(37.5%) were diabetic, 5(20.83%) had coronary artery disease, 1 patient had chronic kidney disease. 2 (8%) patients had AFl and 22(92%) patients had AF. A total of 19 (79.16%) patients were successfully cardioverted with Ibutilide, among them 7(29.16%) patients were cardioverted with first dose and 12(50%) patients were cardioverted with second dose of Ibutilide. All the patients who had AFl were cardioverted. One patient developed VT which was DC cardioverted to normal sinus rhythm. Conclusion: Our study shows that Ibutilide can be used as a first line drug for treatment of AF and AFl. It has a good cardioversion efficacy. But larger randomized studies in Indian subset are needed.
 Short- and long-term safety outcomes with ixekizumab from 7 clinical trials in psoriasis: etanercept comparisons and integrated data;  Background Safety of biologics is important when treating patients with psoriasis. Objective We sought to determine the safety of ixekizumab in psoriasis. Methods Integrated safety data are presented from a 12‐week induction period, a 12‐ to 60‐week maintenance period, and from all ixekizumab‐treated patients from 7 clinical trials. Exposure‐adjusted incidence rates (IRs) per 100 patient‐years are reported. Results Overall, 4209 patients received ixekizumab (total exposure: 6480 patient‐years). During the induction period, the IRs of patients experiencing 1 or more treatment‐emergent adverse event (AE) were 251 and 236 among ixekizumab‐ and etanercept‐treated patients, respectively, and for serious AEs was 8.3 in both groups. During maintenance, for ixekizumab, the IRs of treatment‐emergent AEs and serious AEs were 100.4 and 7.8, respectively. Among all ixekizumab‐treated patients from 7 trials, the IR of Candida infections was 2.5. The IRs of treatment‐emergent AEs of special interest (including serious infections, malignancies, major adverse cardiovascular events) were comparable for ixekizumab and etanercept during the induction period. Limitations Additional long‐term data are required. Conclusion Ixekizumab had an acceptable safety profile with no unexpected safety findings during ixekizumab maintenance in psoriasis.
 A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter, event-driven Phase III study to investigate the efficacy and safety of finerenone, in addition to standard of care, on the progression of kidney disease in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the clinical diagnosis of diabetic kidney disease;  INTERVENTION: 10 mg or 20 mg finerenone once a day (depending on the eGFR ) compared to a placebo . CONDITION: ; kidney disease of diabetes; diabetic kidney Disease 10018424 10029149 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary objective of this study is to: ; ; Demonstrate whether, in addition to standard of care (SoC), finerenone is ; superior to placebo in delaying the progression of kidney disease, as measured ; by the composite endpoint of time to first occurrence of kidney failure, a ; sustained decrease of eGFR * 40% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal ; death.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary objectives of this study are to determine whether finerenone, in ; addition to SoC, compared to placebo: ; ‐ Delays the time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: CV ; death or non‐fatal CV events (i.e. non‐fatal myocardial infarction, non‐fatal ; stroke, hospitalization for heart failure) ; ; ‐ Delays the time to all‐cause mortality ; ; ‐ Delays the time to all‐cause hospitalization ; ; ‐ Change in urinary albumin‐to‐creeatine ratio (UCAR) from baseline to month 4 ; ; ‐ Time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: onset of kidney ; failure, a sustained decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Men or women aged 18 years and older. The lower age limit may be higher if legally required in the participating country. ‐ Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative at the Screening Visit and if they agree to use adequate contraception. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). Women are considered post‐menopausal and not of child bearing potential if they have had 12 months of natural (spontaneous) amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile (e.g. age appropriate) or 6 months of spontaneous amenorrhea with serum FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL [for US only: FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL and estradiol < 20 pg/mL] or have had surgical treatment such as bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral ovarect
 Pelvic floor muscle training with and without biofeedback in treatment of overactive bladder;  Introduction: Overactive bladder syndrome (OAB) is defined by the International Continence Societyas urgency with or without urge urinary incontinence, usually with frequency and nocturia. Prevalence rates of OAB in in females 16.9%. It has profound effect on quality of life(QOL). Pelvic floor muscle training(PFMT) is one of the important modality in the treatment of OAB. The rationale of pelvic floor muscle exercise is to improve the timing of contractions, the strength of the pelvic floor muscles and the stiffness of the pelvic floor muscles. Thus, voluntary pelvic floor muscle contractions may be used to control urgency and urge incontinence. It is difficult for a women to identify correct pelvic floor muscle group, adding biofeedback helps women to identify correct group of pelvic floor muscles. This study is designed to compare the effectiveness of pelvic floor muscle training alone with biofeedback assisted pelvic floor muscle training(BAPFMT) in treatment of overactive bladder. Objectives: The objectives were to compare the strength of pelvic floor muscles and quality of life in women with OABbefore and after treatment with BAPFMT and PFMT. Methods: This prospective randomized study was conducted in department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in collaboration with department of Urology & Physical and Medical Rehabilitation. Before the study permission was taken from ethical committee of hospital. Total of 100 patients fulfilling inclusion and exclusion criteria were selected. Women with current pregnancy or delivered within three months, diagnosed with active urinary tract infection, interstitial cystitis, history of tuberculosis, neurologic diseases (stroke/multiple sclerosis/spinal cord injury), medically complicated, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, fecal motility disorder, chronic pelvic pain, gross cancers (bladder/colon/cervix/uterus cancer), pelvic radiation were excluded. Randomization of the patients was done into two groups. Both the groups had 50 patients with overactive bladder symptom, half of them were subjected to PFMT (group 1) and other half to BA PFMT. (group 2)After taking comprehensive history and performing examination ,an overactive bladder symptom score questionnaire(OABSS) and quality of life questionnaire was filled for all the participants.All patients were given dietary and behaviour modification and were given pelvic floor muscle therapy programme over 12 weeks. Result: Both groups had comparable demographic profile, pelvic floor muscle strength and symptoms There was improvement in both OABSS and maximum vaginal squeeze pressure at 12 weeks. in both groups. In BAPFMT group there was 44.64% improvement in maximum vaginal squeeze pressure as compared to only 18.78% in PFMT group at the end of 12 weeks. In PFMT group there was 17.66% improvement in OABSS as compard to 13.6% in BAPFMT group at the end of 12 weeks There was no significant difference in reduction of incontinence episodes at the end of 12 weeks. There was no statistically significant improvement in various variables of QOL when two groups were compared at the end of 12 weeks Conclusions: The present study demonstrated that pelvic floor muscle training could relieve OAB symptom and have a beneficial effect on health related quality of life measurements. Adding biofeedback to PFMT results in higher increase in pelvic floor muscle strength and decrease in severity of symptoms compared to PFMT. But overall no difference was found in QOL score.
 The effects of baroreflex activation therapy on blood pressure and sympathetic function in patients with refractory hypertension-the rationale and design of the nordic bat study;  Objective: Baroreflex activation therapy (BAT) modulates the autonomic nervous system to restore sympathovagal balance. The aim of this study is to explore the effects of BAT on hypertension in patients with refractory (true resistant) hypertension (RH). Design and method: This academic (independent of industry support) randomized, double‐blind, 1:1 parallel‐design clinical trial will include 100 patients with RH from six hypertension centers in the Nordic countries. A Barostim Neo® System will be implanted and after 1 month of stabilization patients will be randomized to either BAT for 16 months or continuous pharmacotherapy (BAT off) for 8 months followed by the BAT for 8 months (Figure). Blood and urine samples will be drawn and measures of arterial and cardiac function and structure, and of autonomic function will be performed at randomization, and after 8 and 16 months. Eligible patients will be 18‐70 years and have a daytime systolic ambulatory blood pressure (ABMP) of 145 mmHg or more, and/or a daytime diastolic ABMP of 95 mmHg or more, after witnessed intake of antihypertensive treatment (including at least 3 antihypertensive drugs, preferably a diuretic), with no changes in medication for a minimum of 4 weeks prior to enrolment. Patients with secondary causes of hypertension, severe renal insufficiency, untreated sleep apnea, pregnancy, type 1 diabetes, alcohol/drug abuse, or psychiatric illnesses, other than sinus rhythm (controlled atrial fibrillation is not a contraindication), uncontrolled systolic heart failure, aortic stenosis, and a cardiovascular event 3 within months before enrolment will be excluded. Results: The primary end point is to test whether BAT reduces 24‐hour systolic ABMP at 8 months of follow‐up compared to pharmacotherapy. Secondary/tertiary endpoints are the effects of BAT on home and office blood pressure, measures of autonomic function, arterial and cardiac structure and function during followup, and extended long‐term follow‐up. Two patients have been included in the study so far. An interim analysis will be done after 50 patients. Conclusions: This initiative will increase the understanding of the mechanisms and role of BAT in the treatment of RH.
 Derivation and Validation of a Prediction Model for Venous Thromboembolism in Primary Care;  Background: Most episodes of venous thromboembolism (VTE) occurred in primary care. To date, no score potentially able to identify those patients who may deserve an antithrombotic prophylaxis has been developed. Aim: The objective of this study is to develop and validate a prediction model for VTE in primary care. Methods: Using the Health Search Database, we identified a cohort of 1,359,880 adult patients between 2002 and 2013. The date of the first General Practitioner's (GP) visit was the cohort entry date. All VTE cases (index date) observed up to December 2014 were identified. The cohort was randomly divided in a development and a validation cohort. According to nested case‐cohort analysis, up to five controls were matched to their respective cases on month and year of cohort entry and duration of follow‐up. The score was evaluated according to explained variance (pseudo R 2) as a performance measure, ratio of predicted to observed cases as model calibration and area under the curve (AUC) as discrimination measure. Results: The score was able to explain 27.9% of the variation for VTE occurrence. The calibration measure revealed a margin of error lower than 10% in 70% of the population. In terms of discrimination, AUC was 0.82 (95% confidence interval: 0.82‐0.83). Results of sensitivity analyses substantially confirmed these findings. Conclusion: The present score demonstrated a very good accuracy in predicting the risk of VTE in primary care. This score may be therefore implemented in clinical practice so aiding GPs in making decision on patients potentially at risk of VTE.
 Phase II randomized clinical trial (RCT) of metformin (MET) vs placebo (PLAC) in combination with chemotherapy (CXT) in refractory locally advanced (LABC) or metastatic breast cancer (MBC);  Background: MET treatment of diabetes is associated with improved BC outcomes. Hirsch et al (Cancer Res 2009?69:7505‐7511) suggested MET may act synergistically with CXT in BC rodent models. We conducted a double‐blind Phase II RCT of CXT plus MET vs placebo in LABC/MBC. Methods: Non‐diabetic BC patients (pts) about to commence 1st‐4th line CXT (prespecified anthracycline, taxane, vinorelbine, platinum or capecitabine? HER2 Rx permitted) for MBC or refractory LABC (any ER, PgR, HER2) were eligible if (i) age 18‐75, (ii) ECOG 0‐2, (iii) adequate hepatic, renal, bone marrow, cardiac function and (iv) measurable or evaluable disease. Those with CNS metastases, recent MET use or radiotherapy to target lesions, intake of ≥ 3 alcoholic drinks/day, history of lactic acidosis or current/planned pregnancy or lactation were ineligible. Randomization was to MET 850 mg po bid (or identical PLAC bid) with a 2 day ramp up of one tablet/day? dose was reduced/drug discontinued in a pre‐specified manner for grade 2‐4 toxicity. Disease status and toxicity/HRQOL were assessed at baseline and q9 weeks until progression. Primary outcome was progression‐free survival (PFS)? secondary outcomes included survival (OS), response and toxicity. With 40 subjects and type one error 0.2 (1‐sided), a PFS HR of 0.58 could be detected with 80% power. PFS was analyzed using Cox proportional hazards regression. Results: 40 pts were randomized (22 MET, 18 PLAC). Mean age 55.4 vs 56.9 years? ER/PgR+ in 86.4 vs 83.3%? time from 1st metastases to randomization 297 vs 405 days, in MET vs PLAC respectively. MET pts were more likely to have visceral metastases (95.5% vs 72.2% PLAC) and less likely to be HER2+ (9.1% vs 23.5% PLAC). CXT was 1st line in 68.2% MET and 66.7% PLAC pts. Toxicity‐# events: Gr 4: 0 MET vs 1 PLAC, Gr 3: 14 MET vs 14 PLAC? Gr 1 or 2: 193 MET (mainly GI) vs 53 PLAC. Best response: PR 18.2% MET vs 22.2% PLAC, SD 31.8% MET vs 11.1% PLAC, PD 45.4% MET vs 50.0% PLAC, P = 0.41. Mean PFS 164 days MET vs 192 days PLAC? HR (MET vs PLAC) 1.14 (95% CI 0.59‐2.2), 1‐sided p=0.65. Mean OS 645 MET vs 831 PLAC days? HR (MET vs PLAC) 1.6, 95% CI 0.72‐3.54, 1‐sided p=0.88. Conclusion: In these BC pts receiving 1st‐4th line CXT, MET (vs PLAC) did not improve response rates, PFS or OS. Gr 1 and 2 toxicity was higher with MET than PLAC. These results do not support use of MET with CXT in refractory LABC/MET BC. MA32, an adjuvant trial of MET vs PLAC in early BC will provide information on MET in the adjuvant setting.
 Randomised, open label study to compare efficacy of metformin and glimepiride with concomitant rosuvastatin in coexisting NAFLD and T2DM;  Introduction/Background & aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and T2DM has global prevalence of 55.5% with currently no approved treatment.1 There is insufficient data for its pharmacotherapy. Having pivotal role in pathogenesis for NAFLD and T2DM, insulin resistance can be a potential target for treatment.2 The aim was to compare efficacy and safety of first line (metformin) and second line (glimepiride) antidiabetics with concomitant Rosuvastatin in NAFLD with coexistent T2DM.Method/Summary of work: Randomized, prospective, parallel and open‐label study recruited 60 patients of concomitant NAFLD and T2DM after getting Institutional Review Board approval. Patients of either sex (20‐60 years) with NAFLD (ultrasound diagnosed & AST 50‐150 U/L) and T2DM (FBS > 126 mg/dl) were recruited in Medicine OPD after obtaining written informed consent. Chronic alcohol use and pregnancy cases were excluded. Patients were randomised into Group A [Rosuvastatin (10 mg OD) + Metformin (1 mg BD)] & Group B [Rosuvastatin (10 mg OD) + Glimepiride(3 mg BD)]. Primary outcome was improvement in ultrasound grading of liver. Secondary outcomes were improvement in anthropometric, glycaemic, hepatic and lipid parameters.Results/Discussion: Intergroup difference was significant (p <.05) for weight and BMI in Group A. Group A caused significant (p <.05) reduction in hepatic parameters. Groups A and B showed nonsignificant improvement (p >.05) in ultrasound grading of liver, respectively (24% vs. 20%patients). Both groups showed highly significant (p <.001) reduction in glycaemic parameters and significant (p <.05) reduction in lipid parameters. Limitations could be short duration and small sample size.Conclusion(s): Metformin plus rosuvastatin seems to be more efficacious in NAFLD and T2DM over 90 days. These drugs could improve prognosis because of insulin sensitising action and additional benefits in cancers, cardiovascular diseases. Further studies are required to strengthen these findings which may help in forming standard treatment guidelines.
 Acupuncture for urinary incontinence in Chinese women: a randomized controlled trial;  HYPOTHESIS / AIMS OF STUDY: To evaluate the effectiveness and quality of life (QoL) of acupuncture on urinary incontinence(UI) in Chinese women. We hypothesized that acupuncture will have additional improvement of UI symptoms and QoL to women who practice pelvic floor exercise (PFE) only. STUDY DESIGN, MATERIALS AND METHODS: A parallel group, single blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in a tertiary urogynecology center for 24 weeks. Women presented with UI and diagnosed to be'kidney asthenia' by traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) assessment were randomized to have acupuncture and PFE (acupuncture group) or PFE only (control group). Non‐Chinese, aged under 18, women who were pregnant or planning for pregnancy within the study period were excluded. Women with uncontrolled diabetes or hypertension or cardiovascular diseases, with history of pelvic floor injury, radiation or pelvic organ prolapses were also excluded. Written consent was obtained. Urinary Distress Inventory (UDI‐6) and Incontinence Impact questionnaires (IIQ‐7), Visual Analogue Score (VAS) of severity of UI, 3‐days bladder diary were collected at baseline. All women received an educational class on drinking and voiding habit and PFE at baseline. Randomization was conducted in 1:1 ratio. Ethical approval was obtained from institution. In control group, women attended PFE training sessions at 6 weeks and 12 weeks. In acupuncture group, in addition to the same training sessions, women attended a weekly acupuncture session for six weeks (from week 1 to 6) by a registered Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) practitioner. Each session lasted for 20 minutes and the acupuncture points were chosen based on the previous literature: Shenshu (BL‐23), Pangguanshu (BL‐28), Ciliao (BL‐32) and Zhongliao (BL‐33), Guanyuan (REN‐4), Henggu (KID‐11), Qihai (REN‐6), Sanyinjiao (SP‐6), Zusanli (ST‐36). The primary outcome was the subjective outcome of UI at 12 and 24 weeks after treatment. Secondary outcomes included the urinary symptoms and QoL assessment by UDI‐6, IIQ‐7, VAS of UI severity, bladder diary at 12 and 24 weeks, any adverse event from acupuncture and the compliance of PFE in both groups. The sample size calculation was based on the assumption that 50% of women in the control group and an addition of 25% in the acupuncture group would have improvement in theirUI The alpha level was set at 0.05 and power at 80. We assumed 15% women would be excluded after TCM assessment and a drop out rate of 20%, 85 subjects per group and a total of 170 subjects would be needed. Intention to treat analysis was carried out. RESULTS: 179 women were approached, 19 refused study and 23 were excluded after TCM assessment, leaving 137 women were randomized (69 in acupuncture group and 68 in control group) (Table 1). 63 (91.3%) women in acupuncture group and 59 (86.8%) in control group completed the follow up at 24 weeks. The primary and secondary outcomes were presented as in Table 2. The subjective improvement rate was significantly higher in acupuncture group (68.3% vs 47.1 %, p<0.01) at 12 weeks but was not significant (79.4% vs 62.8%, p=0.13) at 24 weeks. There was a tendency of more improvement in the QoL and VAS score of UI severity in acupuncture group; however, they did not reach the statistical significance. There was no significant difference in the compliance of PFE in both groups. Nine (13%) women had minor complaint of numbness (4), persistent pain (2), bruises (2) or tiredness (1) after received acupuncture. INTERPRETATION OF RESULTS: More women in acupuncture group had subjective improvement in their UI symptoms after 12 weeks. The QoL scores were reduced in both acupuncture group and controls group at 12 weeks; however, there was no significant difference between two groups. At 24 weeks, more women in acupuncture group had subjective improvement in their Ul symptoms, but it was not statistically significant. There was no major adverse event in women received acupuncture, only 13% reported minor discomfort. CONCLUDING MESSAGE: Acupuncture is a safe treatment modality for women withUI More women (68.3 %) experienced subjective improvement after acupuncture and pelvic floor exercise than women practiced pelvic floor exercise only (47.1%) at 12 weeks. However, the difference was not significant at 24 weeks.
 Association of Youth Triponderal Mass Index vs Body Mass Index with Obesity-Related Outcomes in Adulthood;  This study assesses whether triponderal mass index vs body mass index in youths is more useful in determining obesity‐related outcomes in adulthood.
 Meals for Moms: medically-Tailored Meals for Women Who Had Gestational Diabetes;  Pregnancy and delivery can function as a "stress test" for future development of cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders, with gestational diabetes and excessive weight gain during pregnancy leading to worse outcomes later in a mother's life. The prevalence of both conditions continues to increase with the obesity epidemic, highlighting the urgent need for successful interventions to reverse maternal weight gain and promote normal blood sugars. The early postpartum period provides a critical opportunity to address diet behaviors that are related to both weight and diabetes. Postpartum medically‐tailored meal delivery is a novel approach that may allow for improved blood sugar control and weight loss in a traditionally hard‐to‐engage patient population. There is currently no available data on the cost, feasibility, or effectiveness of providing medically‐tailored meals to postpartum women. This is a pilot study of medically‐tailored meals for new mothers whose pregnancies were complicated by gestational diabetes, and whose total gestational weight gain exceeded recommendations. Study will enroll 30 women with gestational diabetes and excessive gestational weight gain late in the third trimester of a singleton pregnancy. Data collection and intervention activities will begin after delivery. All participants will wear a continuous glucose monitor for baseline (first 2 weeks after delivery) and at follow up (after 3 months). Participants will also completed self‐administered questionnaires, receive weekly informational videos by email, and have 3 monthly in‐person check‐ins with a member of the study team. Twenty participants will be randomly assigned to a medically‐tailored meals intervention and 10 to a usual‐care comparison group. A local community‐based program will prepare and deliver 10 medically‐tailored meals per week to intervention participants for their first 3 months postpartum.
 Sedentary Behavior Reduction in Pregnancy Intervention Study;  Cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for 1 in 4 deaths among women of reproductive age. Decreasing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), e.g. hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth, could reduce this burden. APOs have serious immediate health consequences and are recognized by the AHA as major risk factors for future CVD. Yet, APOs are hard to prevent and treat, with a 20% prevalence that is increasing in the U.S. Moderate‐vigorous intensity physical activity (MVPA) reduces APOs, but less than 1 in 4 pregnant women achieve guidelines and pregnant women report unique barriers such as fatigue, pain, medical restriction, and concern for the baby. Sitting, or 'sedentary behavior' (SED) is a novel risk factor for CVD. Yet, sparse research and no U.S. guidelines exist for SED in pregnancy. Our recent AHA‐funded cohort study in pregnant women (n=120) objectively measured SED and MVPA during each trimester. While MVPA was not related to outcomes, pregnant women with high vs. low SED across pregnancy had greater odds of APO and gave birth to babies at a reduced gestational age. Considering that decreasing SED may be more feasible given the barriers to MVPA, the investigators hypothesize that a SED reduction intervention may be especially promising for reducing APOs and improving cardiovascular health for women and their children. Given the dearth of SED research, trials, or guidelines for pregnant women, the investigators propose to use our preliminary data on behavioral targets, correlates, and determinants of SED during pregnancy to adapt our previously successful SED reduction interventions. This pilot and feasibility study will enroll newly pregnant women with high SED and elevated APO risk (n=53) and randomize them to either a SED reduction intervention or control (2:1 ratio). Research aims include to: 1) demonstrate our ability to decrease SED and increase standing and light activity in pregnant women; 2) evaluate feasibility; and 3) gather preliminary effects on clinical outcomes including APOs, cardiometabolic risk factors, well‐being, and fetal outcomes. Participants will complete three assessment visits, one in each trimester, including 1‐week monitoring of SED and activity patterns with a thigh‐worn activPAL and blood pressure measurement using a standard protocol. Other outcomes will be assessed by self‐report and medical record review after the participant gives birth. Participants randomized to the intervention arm will be provided with a fitbit, a sit‐stand desk attachment, and will complete virtual health coaching visits every two weeks throughout pregnancy to facilitate reduced SED, increase standing, and increased stepping throughout the day.
 The effects of a long acting insulin on the recovery of patients with diabetic ketoacidosis;  INTERVENTION: For control group standard treatment for ketoacidosis including intravenous Insulin Regular 0.1 units/kg until the end of ketoacidotic state will be administered For intervention group standard treatment for ketoacidosis including intravenous infusion of Insulin Regular 0.5 units/kg plus Insulin Glargine made by the Sanofi corporation 0.4 units/ kg every 24 hours subcutaneously until the end of ketoacidotic state will be administered. Intervention 1: For intervention group standard treatment for ketoacidosis including intravenous infusion of Insulin Regular 0.5 units/kg plus Insulin Glargine made by the Sanofi corporation 0.4 units/ kg every 24 hours subcutaneously until the end of ketoacidotic state will be administered. Intervention 2: For control group standard treatment for ketoacidosis including intravenous Insulin Regular 0.1 units/kg until the end of ketoacidotic state will be administered. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis Diabetic Ketoacidosis. ; Diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis E10‐E14:1 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Admition time. Timepoint: From admition until discharge. Method of measurement: Days. Blood bicarbonate concentration. Timepoint: Before the initiation of the study and in 4 hour periods until the end of the ketoacidotic state. Method of measurement: In milliequivalents per liter and by ABG instrument. Blood Glucose concentration. Timepoint: Before the initiation of the study and in 1‐hour periods until the end of the ketoacidotic state. Method of measurement: In milligrams per deciliter and by Glucometer. Blood pH. Timepoint: Before the initiation of the study and in 4 hour periods until the end of the ketoacidotic state. Method of measurement: By ABG instrument. Urine ketone. Timepoint: Before the initiation of the study and in 4 hour periods until the end of the ketoacidotic state. Method of measurement: By urine test tape. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: (to be older than 12 years old; approved diabetic ketoacidosis) Exclusion criteria: (Acute cardiac infarction; advanced kidney or liver failure; patients in need for an emergent surgery; pregnancy)
 A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter, event-driven Phase III study to investigate the efficacy and safety of finerenone on the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and the clinical diagnosis of diabetic kidney disease in addition to standard of care;  INTERVENTION: 10 mg or 20 mg finerenone once a day (depending on the eGFR ) compared to a placebo . CONDITION: ; kidney disease of diabetes; diabetic kidney Disease 10018424 10029149 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary objectives is: ; ‐ Demonstrate whether, in addition to standard of care, finerenone is superior ; to placebo in delaying the time to first occurrence of cardiovascular mortality ; and morbidity in subjects with T2DM and the clinical diagnosis of DKD.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary objectives are to determine whether finerenone, in addition to ; standard of care, when compared to placebo: ; ‐ Delays the time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: ; onset of kidney failure, a sustained decrease in eGFR of >=40% from baseline ; over at least 4 weeks or renal death ; ‐ Delays the time to all‐cause mortality ; ‐ Delays the time to all‐cause hospitalization ; ‐ Change in urinary albumin‐to‐creeatine ratio from baseline to month 4 ; ‐ Time to first occurrence of the following composite endpoint: onset of kidney ; failure, a sustained decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of ; >= 57% from baseline over at least 4 weeks or renal death. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Men or women aged 18 years and older. The lower age limit may be higher if legally required in the participating country. ‐ Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative at the screening visit and if they agree to use adequate contraception. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). Women are considered post‐menopausal and not of child‐bearing potential if they have had 12 months of natural (spontaneous) amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile (e.g. age appropriate) or 6 months of spontaneous amenorrhea with serum FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL [for US only: FSH levels > 40 mIU/mL and estradiol < 20 pg/mL] or have had surgical treatment such as bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral ovarect
 Basal/Bolus versus Sliding Scale Insulin in Glycemic Control of Diabetic patients with Cardiovascular Diseases;  INTERVENTION: Control group was given Slidng Scale Insulin 4 time a day when their glucose be more than 140 mg/dl. Intervention 1: Intervention group was given 0.5 U/kg insulin which half of this dose given as NPH and other half given as regular insulin in three divided dose( basal/bolus Insulin). Intervention 2: Control group was given Slidng Scale Insulin 4 time a day when their glucose be more than 140 mg/dl. Intervention group was given 0.5 U/kg insulin which half of this dose given as NPH and other half given as regular insulin in three divided dose( basal/bolus Insulin) Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood Glucose level before each meals. Timepoint: Every day before each meals. Method of measurement: Glucometry. Fasting blood level of glucose in each group. Timepoint: Every morning before breakfast. Method of measurement: Blood glucose measurement (glucometry). Heart Failure. Timepoint: During hospitalization. Method of measurement: Echocardiography. ICU admission. Timepoint: During hospitalization. Method of measurement: Medical record. Mortality rate. Timepoint: During hospitalization. Method of measurement: Medical record. Recurrent MI. Timepoint: During hospitalization. Method of measurement: Medical record, Lab findings, ECG. Severe hypoglycemia epizodes. Timepoint: Before each meals. Method of measurement: Glucometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: CCU Admission. Timepoint: During the time of admission. Method of measurement: Medical records. Length of Hospitalization. Timepoint: During hospitalization. Method of measurement: Medical Record. Mild hypoglycemia epizodes. Timepoint: Before each meals. Method of measurement: Glucometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who admitted with cardiovascular Diseases; with history of diabetes more than 3 months; blood glucose of 140‐400 mg/dl; Hgb A1C more than 6.5%; Age 18‐80; who can eat; Patients Giving oral antiglycemic agent; patients who give insulin with doses of 0.4 IU/kg/day or lower. Exclusion Criteria: Hyperglycemia without the known Diabetes; CABG; severe Liver Diseases; Renal dysfunction (creatinine above 3 mg/dl); History of diabetic ketoacidosis; Pregnancy; inability in filling and understanding the consent form; unconsented patients; patients who want to discontinue the study at any time.
 DHA Supplements to Improve Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Pregnant Women (The Omega-3 Pregnancy Study);  The effects of overweight and obesity during pregnancy on maternal and child health can be serious and long lasting. Overweight and obese women are more likely to develop gestational diabetes or pre‐eclampsia (high blood pressure and proteinuria) during pregnancy and type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after pregnancy. Also, children born to these women have an increased risk of obesity, diabetes, and high blood pressure later in life. The increased risk of these diseases and conditions may occur because overweight and obese pregnant women have decreased insulin sensitivity and increased inflammation. The nutrient DHA is an omega‐3 fatty acid that is important for brain function, the development of the central nervous system, and visual function in infants. DHA may also benefit both pregnant women and their babies by improving insulin sensitivity and decreasing inflammation, thereby decreasing the risk of gestational diabetes and pre‐eclampsia during pregnancy. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effect of DHA supplementation on insulin sensitivity, inflammation, and fetal growth in overweight and obese pregnant women. This study will enroll women at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. They will be followed until delivery. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive either DHA supplements or placebo on a daily basis until the end of their pregnancies. At a baseline study visit, a blood sample will be collected; height, weight, and skinfold thickness will be measured; and questionnaires to assess diet and medical history will be given. Participants will complete three diet recalls in the days after the visit, in which they will answer questions about their diet in the previous 24 hours. At a second study visit that will occur at 30 to 32 weeks of pregnancy, a blood sample will be collected. At a third study visit that will occur at 34 to 36 weeks of pregnancy, a blood sample will be collected and repeat body measurements will occur. Three diet recalls will then be completed, and participants will take part in a meal challenge, in which blood will be collected at different times after eating a study‐provided breakfast. Researchers will review participants' medical records after the birth occurs.
 Effects of Linagliptin on Renal Endothelium Function in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Trajenta Product Name: Trajenta Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Linagliptin CAS Number: 668270‐12‐0 Other descriptive name: LINAGLIPTIN Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10012613 Term: Diabetes mellitus non‐insulin‐dependent System Organ Class: 10027433 ‐ Metabolism and nutrition disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effect of linagliptin compared to placebo on basal production and release of nitric oxide (NO) from renal vasculature, as assessed by changes of renal plasma flow due to L‐NMMA infusion. Primary end point(s): Absolute change of L‐NMMA on renal plasma flow between placebo and linagliptin. Secondary Objective: To determine the effects of linagliptin compared to placebo on ; ‐ other renal hemodynamic parameters: RPF, GFR and FF, RVR, calculated intraglomerular pressure.; ; ‐ UACR and tubular markers (e.g. NGAL).; ; ‐ markers of oxidative stress (e.g. isoprostanes) and inflammation (e.g. hsCRP).; ; ‐ metabolic parameters (fasting glucose, fasting insulin, triglycerides, total‐, LDL‐ and HDL‐cholesterol); ; To determine the effect of linagliptin compared to baseline on; ‐ the change of RPF due to L‐NMMA‐infusion; ; ‐ other renal hemodynamic parameters: RPF, GFR and FF, RVR, calculated intraglomerular pressure.; ; ‐ UACR and tubular markers (e.g. NGAL).; ; ‐ markers of oxidative stress (e.g. isoprostanes) and inflammation (e.g. hsCRP). ; ; ‐ metabolic parameters (fasting glucose, fasting insulin, triglycerides, total‐, LDL‐ and HDL‐cholesterol) ; ; To determine the relationship between changes of renal endothelial function with metabolic changes and changes of isoprostanes.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 4 weeks treatment with placebo and linagliptin. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ‐ the effects of linagliptin compared to placebo on other renal hemodynamic parameters: ; Renal plasma flow, glomerular filtration rate and filtration fraction, renal vascular resistance, calculated intraglomerular pressure. ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to placebo on urinary albumin creatinine ratio and tubular markers (e.g. NGAL). ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to placebo on markers of oxidative stress (e.g. isoprostanes) and inflammation (e.g. hsCRP). ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to placebo on metabolic parameters (fasting glucose, fasting insulin, triglycerides, total‐, LDL‐ and HDL‐cholesterol) ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to baseline on the change of renal plasma flow due to L‐NMMA‐infusion ; ‐ the effects of linagliptin compared to baseline on other renal hemodynamic parameters: ; Renal plasma flow, glomerular filtration rate and filtration fraction, renal vascular resistance, calculated intraglomerular pressure. ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to baseline on urinary albumin creatinine ratio and tubular markers (e.g. NGAL). ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to baseline on markers of oxidative stress (e.g. isoprostanes) and inflammation (e.g. hsCRP). ; ‐ the effect of linagliptin compared to baseline on metabolic parameters (fasting glucose, fasting insulin, triglycerides, total‐, LDL‐ and HDL‐cholesterol) ; ‐ the relationship between changes of renal endothelial function with metabolic changes and changes of isoprostanes. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Baseline and after 4 weeks treatment with linagliptin and placebo INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Age between 18 and 70 years • Type 2 diabetes without diabetic nephropathy (definition see exclusion criteria) • Male and Female patients are eligible. Females of child bearing potential or within two years of the menopause are only eligible if pregnancy test at the screening visit is negative and they use adequate contraceptive precautions during the trial. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Effect of Chamomile tea consumption in the treatment of patients with Type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: control group 3 cups lukewarm boiled water daily over the same period (per cup after meal consumption) Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive daily 3 cups of Chamomile tea immediately after the meal for 8 weeks( each cup of Chamomile tea is produced by putting Chamomile tea bag contains 3 grams in 150 cc of boiled water).chamomile tea bags will be purchased from the Iranian Institute of Medicinal Plants. All the patients will receive the Tea bags on every two weeks base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews. Intervention 2: control group 3 cups lukewarm boiled water daily over the same period (per cup after meal consumption). Intervention group will receive daily 3 cups of Chamomile tea immediately after the meal for 8 weeks( each cup of Chamomile tea is produced by putting Chamomile tea bag contains 3 grams in 150 cc of boiled water).chamomile tea bags will be purchased from the Iranian Institute of Medicinal Plants. All the patients will receive the Tea bags on every two weeks base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: E10,E11,E1 Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Catalase enzyme activity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. Fasting insulin serum. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. GPX activity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. HbA1C (Glycosilated hemoglobin). Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Hc‐CRP. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: immunoturbidimetry. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR calculation. Lipid profiles (TC, TG, LDL‐C, HDL‐C). Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic methods for TC,TG and HDL‐C For LDL‐C : Freidwald’s formula: LDL‐C = TC‐ HDL‐C ‐ (TG/5). Serum malondialdehyde(MDA). Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Serum total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. SOD activity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric index(weight and Body Mass Index). Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Analogue scale for weight and weight(Kg)/Square Height for body mass index. Macronutrients intake. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: 24‐h recall Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetes for at least 6 months, age between 30‐60 years, usage of blood glucose lowering drugs Exclusion criteria: usage of nutritional supplements in the past 3 months or during the study, usage of insulin, Pregnancy or lactation, BMI more than 37, Renal failure, liver disease, Cardiovascular disease, thyroid disorders, History of allergy, smoking, alcohol usage, Following a specific diet, Taking corticosteroids or immunosuppressive drugs
 Study on effects of sage in treatment of hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Sage leaf extract at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 3 months. Intervention 2: One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 3 months. One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 3 months. Placebo Sage leaf extract at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 3 months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting glucose serum level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Glycosylated hemoglobin blood level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum LDL‐C level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum triglyceride level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum creatinine level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum HDL‐C level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum SGOT level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum SGPT level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum total cholesterol level. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: nclusion criteria: Iranian male and female type 2 diabetic outpatients, patients aged 40 to 60 years, patients with fasting serum glucose levels from 150 mg/dl to 200 mg/dl, patients with blood HbA1c levels from 7% to 9% despite taking two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformin tablets every day, patients using two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformin tablets every day, patients with fasting serum LDL levels from 100 mg/dL to 150 mg/dL and/or patients with fasting serum triglyceride levels from 200 mg/dL to 300 mg/dL. Exclusion criteria: Patients taking other anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic agents, patients receiving insulin, patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic, hematological diseases, hypothyroidism, tachycardia, vertigo and seizure, patients with a history of gallstones or gall bladder surgery, patients using estrogen, steroid, beta‐blocker and thiazide, pregnant women, women planning pregnancy, breast‐feeding women.
 Study on effects of sage in treatment of hypercholesterolemic type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Sage leaf extract at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours besides synthetic anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic drugs are administered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. Intervention 2: One placebo capsule every 8 hours besides synthetic anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic drugs are administered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. One placebo capsule every 8 hours besides synthetic anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic drugs are administered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. Placebo Sage leaf extract at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours besides synthetic anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic drugs are administered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting serum glucose level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Glycosylated hemoglobin blood level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). LDL serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Weighing scales and tape. Serum 2 hour postprandial glucose level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum creatinine level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum HDL level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum SGOT level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum SGPT level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum total cholesterol level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Serum triglyceride level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Iranian male and female type 2 diabetic outpatients; patients aged 40 to 60 years; patients with blood HbA1c levels below 8%; patients with serum LDL levels from 100 mg/dl to 130 mg/dl; patients receiving standard therapy with synthetic anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic drugs. Exclusion criteria: Patients receiving insulin; patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic, hematological diseases, hypothyroidism, tachycardia, vertigo and seizure; patients with a history of gallstones or gall bladder surgery; patients using estrogen, steroid, beta‐blocker and thiazide; pregnant women; women planning pregnancy; breast‐feeding women.
 Study on effects of artichoke in treatment of hypercholesterolemic type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Artichoke leaf extract at the dose of one 400 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. Intervention 1: Artichoke leaf extract at the dose of one 400 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. Intervention 2: One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to daily two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformine tablets are adminstered to a group of about 30 patients for 2 months. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting glucose serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Glycosylated hemoglobin blood level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). LDL serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: 2 hours postprandial glucose serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Creatinine serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). HDL serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SGOT serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SGPT serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Total cholesterol serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (Kit). Triglyceride serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). VLDL serum level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Iranian male and female type 2 diabetic outpatients, patients aged 40 to 60 years, patients with fasting serum glucose levels from 150 mg/dl to 200 mg/dl, patients with blood HbA1c levels from 7% to 9% despite taking two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformin tablets every day, patients using two 5 mg glyburide tablets and two 500 mg metformin tablets every day, patients with fasting serum LDL levels from 100 mg/dl to 150 mg/dl. Exclusion criteria: Patients taking other anti‐hyperglycemic and anti‐hyperlipidemic agents, patients receiving insulin, patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic, hematological diseases, hypothyroidism, tachycardia, vertigo and seizure, patients with a history of gallstones or gall bladder surgery, patients using estrogen, steroid, beta‐blocker and thiazide, pregnant women, women planning pregnancy, breast‐feeding women.
 The Effect of Urtica dioica L. On Glucose and Lipid Indexes in Diabetic Patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The study of aqueous extract of nettle as a herbal medicine for three months is available to patients?So that three meals daily in divided 1 ml of the extract, half an hour before meals ,Within a month 100 cc of concentrated extract is used. Intervention 2: Placebo intervention: natural lemon juice Dosage: daily divided in three doses of 1 cc How to use the drug: half an hour before meals eaten Course of medication intervention: Three months to the total amount of 300 cc. Placebo Placebo intervention: natural lemon juice Dosage: daily divided in three doses of 1 cc How to use the drug: half an hour before meals eaten Course of medication intervention: Three months to the total amount of 300 cc The study of aqueous extract of nettle as a herbal medicine for three months is available to patients?So that three meals daily in divided 1 ml of the extract, half an hour before meals ,Within a month 100 cc of concentrated extract is used Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetic mellitus type2. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: BS2pp. Timepoint: after three month. Method of measurement: blood sampling. Cholesterol. Timepoint: After three month. Method of measurement: Blood Sampling. FBS. Timepoint: After three month. Method of measurement: Blood Sampling. HbA1c. Timepoint: After three month. Method of measurement: Blood Sampling. HDL. Timepoint: After three month. Method of measurement: Blood Sampling. LDL. Timepoint: After three month. Method of measurement: Blood sampling. TG. Timepoint: After three month. Method of measurement: Blood Sampling. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: The baseline. Method of measurement: Meter?Balance. Dyastolic Blood Pressure. Timepoint: First and last Undertaking Study. Method of measurement: Barometer. Systolic Blood Pressur. Timepoint: first and last Undertaking Study. Method of measurement: Barometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria : age over 30 years; HbA1c less than 10 %; the most common diabetes medications ( Metformin ?Glibenclamide ) Exclusion criteria : a history of cardiovascular disease; renal disease; infectious disease; liver disease; thyroid disease; allergies disease; angina disease; consumption of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs); consumption of warfarin; consumption of estrogen and progesterone drugs; smoking, consumption of dietary supplements; consumption of herbal decoction; pregnancy and lactation
 Evaluation of the relationship between cardiac risk factors and reduction of hypertension with sublingual Captopril;  Background and Aim: HTN is one of the main causes of cardiovascular diseases and its prevalence rate in adults is about 20‐30 percent. In this study we evaluated the effects of age, gender, diabetes, cigarette smoking and hyperlipidemia on blood pressure after using 25 mg sublingual Captopril. Materials and methods: This randomized clinical trial was performed between 1383 and 1385 and included 101 patients with BP equal to or more than 180/110 mmHg. Patients with symptoms of acute ischemia or heart attack, CHF, CNS and visual disturbances, pregnancy or Captopril sensitivity were excluded from the study. After prescribing 25 mg sublingual Captopril, systolic and diastolic BP was measured after 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 75, 90, 105 and 120 minutes. Data were recorded in a questionnaire for every patient. Data analysis was performed by using SPSS software and independent t‐test. Results: This study included 101 patients (34 men and 67 women), 42 patients were less than 60 year old and 59 patients were of 60 years of age and over. 14 patients were diabetic and 87 non diabetic, 20 were smoker and 81 non‐smokers, 27 had hyperlipidemia and 74 were without hyperlipidemia. BP decreased between 5 and 25 percent in 70% of the patients (P=0.001). There was no significant statistical relationship between decrease in blood pressure and age, gender and cigarette smoking. But non diabetic patients showed more reduction of BP in comparison to diabetic patients (P=0.014). Non‐hyperlipidemic patients showed better response to the treatment and a significant difference was observed after 60 minutes. Conclusion: The results of this study showed that cardiac risk factors such as diabetes, smoking and hyperlipidemia may cause some alterations in endothelial function which can lead to decreased response to the treatment. We recommend more studies on this subject in the future, for further evaluation.
 Evaluation of the relationship between cardiac risk factors and reduction of hypertension with sublingual Captopril;  Background and Aim: HTN is one of the main causes of cardiovascular diseases and its prevalence rate in adults is about 20‐30 percent. In this study we evaluated the effects of age, gender, diabetes, cigarette smoking and hyperlipidemia on blood pressure after using 25 mg sublingual Captopril. Materials and methods: This randomized clinical trial was performed between 1383 and 1385 and included 101 patients with BP equal to or more than 180/110 mmHg. Patients with symptoms of acute ischemia or heart attack, CHF, CNS and visual disturbances, pregnancy or Captopril sensitivity were excluded from the study. After prescribing 25 mg sublingual Captopril, systolic and diastolic BP was measured after 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 75, 90, 105 and 120 minutes. Data were recorded in a questionnaire for every patient. Data analysis was performed by using SPSS software and independent t‐test. Results: This study included 101 patients (34 men and 67 women), 42 patients were less than 60 year old and 59 patients were of 60 years of age and over. 14 patients were diabetic and 87 non diabetic, 20 were smoker and 81 non‐smokers, 27 had hyperlipidemia and 74 were without hyperlipidemia. BP decreased between 5 and 25 percent in 70% of the patients (P=0.001). There was no significant statistical relationship between decrease in blood pressure and age, gender and cigarette smoking. But non diabetic patients showed more reduction of BP in comparison to diabetic patients (P=0.014). Non‐hyperlipidemic patients showed better response to the treatment and a significant difference was observed after 60 minutes. Conclusion: The results of this study showed that cardiac risk factors such as diabetes, smoking and hyperlipidemia may cause some alterations in endothelial function which can lead to decreased response to the treatment. We recommend more studies on this subject in the future, for further evaluation.
 A research study to learn about the effects of IMB-1018972, to try and help your heart cell use energy more efficiently, to find the best dose, and to see how safe it is. This is for patients who may be at risk for a heart condition known as diabetic cardiomyopathy (DbCM) as a complication of a type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM);  INTERVENTION: Product Code: IMB‐1018972 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Not assigned Current Sponsor code: IMB‐1018972 Other descriptive name: IMB‐1018972 trihydrochloride monohydrate Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Modified‐release capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: IMB‐1018972 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Not assigned Current Sponsor code: IMB‐1018972 Other descriptive name: IMB‐1018972 trihydrochloride monohydrate Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Modified‐release capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Diabetic Cardiomyopathy (DbCM) ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10012647 Term: Diabetic cardiomyopathy System Organ Class: 10007541 ‐ Cardiac disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to evaluate and characterise the dose‐response relationship for short‐term administration of IMB‐1018972 on the myocardial phosphocreatine/adenosine triphosphate (PCr/ATP) ratio, a measure of cardiac energetic reserve, by 31P‐magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) at rest and during dobutamine stress. Primary end point(s): Primary efficacy endpoint:; • Resting cardiac PCr/ATP ratio at rest measured by 31P‐MRS at baseline and at each dose level of IMB‐1018972; and; • Change in cardiac PCr/ATP ratio with dobutamine stress (ie, dobutamine stress induced drop in PCr/ATP ratio from its resting value at the same time point) measured by 31P‐MRS at baseline and at each dose level of IMB 1018972. Secondary Objective: ‐The secondary objectives are the following:; • To assess the potential dose‐response relationship of IMB‐1018972 on cardiac systolic and diastolic function, measured by cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) and transthoracic echocardiography (TTE);; • To measure cardiac systolic augmentation to dobutamine stress by CMR;; • To assess the potential dose‐response relationship of IMB‐1018972 on myocardial pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) flux inferred by the [13C]bicarbonate/[1 13C]pyruvate ratio measured by hyperpolarized [1‐13C]pyruvate MRS (in all patients in Cohort A [Stage 1] and in up to 12 patients from Cohort B [Stage 2]); and; • To evaluate the safety and tolerability of repeat oral doses of IMB‐1018972 in patients with DbCM. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Efficacy endpoints are planned for Stage 2 data. In addition, where appropriate, pooled efficacy data from Stage 1 (ie, reflecting data with 200 mg BID IMB‐1018972 given for the same treatment duration) and Stage 2 will be examined. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Change in 31P‐MRS‐derived cardiac PCr/ATP ratio compared to baseline at each dose level at rest and during dobutamine stress; ; ; 2. CMR‐derived cardiac functional measures: ; o Cardiac output and index augmentation to dobutamine stress; ; o Left ventricle ejection fraction (LVEF) augmentation to dobutamine stress; ; o LV end‐systolic volume (LVESV) and LVESV index reduction with dobutamine stress; and ; ; •3. TTE‐derived cardiac functional measures: ; o LV global longitudinal strain from LV strain analysis; ; o Cardiac diastolic function evaluated by E/e’ ratio from the medial, lateral, and mean values using mitral inflow Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging; and ; o LV untwist quantification including peak untwisting velocity by torsion analysis; and ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of written informed consent before any screening procedures; ; o Cardiac diastolic function, specifically peak absolute LV diastolic filling rate and peak ventricular filling rate normalised to cavity size (ie, end‐diastolic volume [EDV]), both derived from LV volume‐time curves; ; 4. In those undergoing hyperpolarized [1 13C]pyruvate MRS cardiac imaging, cardiac PDH flux defined as [13C]bicarbonate/[1‐13C]pyruvate ratio after a standardised glucose load. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At baseline and at each dose level of IMB‐1018972. 2. Male or female aged =18 and =75 years at screening; 3. Must agree to adequate contraception requirements as follows: a. WOCBP must have a negative serum pregnancy test at screening and a negative pregnancy test (serum or urine) on the day of baseline pre‐dose (Stage 1 and Stage 2), at Visit 5 pre dose (Stage 2 only), and at the end of study (EOS)/safety follow‐up visit or early termination (Stage 1 and Stage 2); b. WOCBP must agree to use dual methods of contraception, including 1 highly effective and 1 effective method of contraception, from the day of first dosing until 3 months after the last administration of test product; and c. Male patients must use an effective barrier method of contraception if sexually active with a WOCBP, from the day of first dosing until 3 months after the last administration of test product; 4. Must agree not to donate sperm or ova
 A24110He in a placebo-controlled trial evaluating safety in subjects with type 2 diabetes and elevated plasma triglycerides;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Natriumklorid Fresenius Kabi 9 mg/ml, spädningsvätska för parenteral användning, Product Code:PRD2503459, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLVENT FOR PARENTERAL USE, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: SOLVENT FOR PARENTERAL USE , Product Name: A24110He, Product Code:PRD10903146, Pharmaceutical Form: INJECTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Glucos Fresenius Kabi 200 mg/ml infusionsvätska, lösning, Product Code:PRD2016747, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: SODIUM CHLORIDE, Product Code:SUB12581MIG, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Actrapid 100 international units/ml solution for injection in vial, Product Code:PRD322025, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Product Name: Natriumklorid Fresenius Kabi, 9 mg/ml, infusionsvätska, lösning, Product Code:PRD2128223, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: , Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION , Product Name: Albumin Baxalta 200 g/l infusionsvätska, lösning, Product Code:PRD3234517, Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INFUSION, Other descriptive name: , Strength: CONDITION: MedDRA version: 20.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10020870Term: Hypertriglyceridemia Class: 10027433 MedDRA version: 21.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10045242Term: Type II diabetes mellitus Class: 10027433 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nutritional and Metabolic Diseases [C18] Type 2 diabetes with moderate to severe hypertriglyceridemia ; MedDRA version: 21.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10045242Term: Type II diabetes mellitus Class: 10027433 ; MedDRA version: 20.1Level: LLTClassification code: 10020870Term: Hypertriglyceridemia Class: 10027433 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the safety and local tolerability of A24110He in a multiple dose trial in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and elevated plasma triglyceride concentrations Primary end point(s): Physical examination, Assessment of local tolerability, Vital signs: systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), heart rate, body temperature, 12‐ lead ECG, Safety laboratory tests ‐ Clinical chemistry: creatinine (eGFR), cystatin C (eGFR), ASAT, ALAT, bilirubin, GGT, alkaline phosphatase, albumin, bicarbonate, chloride, phosphate, urea, potassium, calcium, sodium, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), f‐insulin, HbA1c, C‐reactive protein (CRP), TSH, LDH, Safety laboratory tests ‐ Haematology: haemoglobin, EVF, MCV, MHC, MCHC, erythrocyte count, platelet count, leucocyte count with differential count, haptoglobin, Safety laboratory tests ‐ Coagulation: APTT, INR, Safety laboratory tests ‐ Urinalysis: erythrocytes, glucose, ketones, leucocytes, nitrite, pH, protein, hCG (women of childbearing potential only), albumin, creatinine, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio, Frequency, seriousness, intensity of adverse events (AEs) Secondary Objective: To evaluate the exposure of A24110He in multiple dose regimen in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and elevated plasma triglyceride concentrations, To characterise the pharmacodynamic profile of A24110He in multiple dose regimen in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and elevated plasma triglyceride concentrations SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):Fasting triglyceride levels (clinical routine enzymatic assay) Secondary end point(s):Plasma concentrations and PK parameters of A24110He. PK parameters to be determined: a) Maximum plasma concentration (Cmax); b) Time to Cma X(Tmax); c) Terminal half‐life (t½) after the fourth dose. Cma Xand Tma Xwill be evaluated in sampling frame up to 4 hours after dosing. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Provision of signed and dated, written informed consent prior to any trial specific procedures., Access to, and familiarity with, equipment for self‐measurement of blood glucose., The subject’s glucose control must be acceptable in terms of safety, based on the Investigator’s discretion., Access to proper venous access as per Investigator discretion., Willing to comply with CTP procedures and restrictions., Age 18‐75 years (both inclusive)., Women of childbearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test at screening and must be using a highly effective contraceptive method according to CTFG Contraception guidance. All details that need to be applied are noted in the main body text of the CTP. A woman is considered of childbearing potential if she is not surgically sterile or is less than 1 year since last menstrual period. Males who are sexually active and not surgically sterile must ensure that any female partner of childbearing potential uses contraception as
 Impact of flash glucose monitoring on hypoglycaemia in adults with type 1 diabetes managed with multiple daily injection therapy: a pre-specified subgroup analysis of the IMPACT randomised controlled trial;  AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Evidence for the effectiveness of interstitial glucose monitoring in individuals with type 1 diabetes using multiple daily injection (MDI) therapy is limited. In this pre‐specified subgroup analysis of the Novel Glucose‐Sensing Technology and Hypoglycemia in Type 1 Diabetes: a Multicentre, Non‐masked, Randomised Controlled Trial' (IMPACT), we assessed the impact of flash glucose technology on hypoglycaemia compared with capillary glucose monitoring. METHODS: This multicentre, prospective, non‐masked, RCT enrolled adults from 23 European diabetes centres. Individuals were eligible to participate if they had well‐controlled type 1 diabetes (diagnosed for ≥5 years), HbA1c ≤ 58 mmol/mol [7.5%], were using MDI therapy and on their current insulin regimen for ≥3 months, reported self‐monitoring of blood glucose on a regular basis (equivalent to ≥3 times/day) for ≥2 months and were deemed technically capable of using flash glucose technology. Individuals were excluded if they were diagnosed with hypoglycaemia unawareness, had diabetic ketoacidosis or myocardial infarction in the preceding 6 months, had a known allergy to medical‐grade adhesives, used continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) within the previous 4 months or were currently using CGM or sensor‐augmented pump therapy, were pregnant or planning pregnancy or were receiving steroid therapy for any disorders. Following 2 weeks of blinded (to participants and investigator) sensor wear by all participants, participants with sensor data for more than 50% of the blinded wear period (or ≥650 individual sensor results) were randomly assigned, in a 1:1 ratio by a central interactive web response system (IWRS) using the biased‐coin minimisation method, to flash sensor‐based glucose monitoring (intervention group) or self‐monitoring of capillary blood glucose (control group). The control group had two further 14 day blinded sensor‐wear periods at the 3 and 6 month time points. Participants, investigators and staff were not masked to group allocation. The primary outcome was the change in time in hypoglycaemia (<3.9 mmol/l) between baseline and 6 months in the full analysis set. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Use of flash glucose technology in type 1 diabetes controlled with MDI therapy significantly reduced time in hypoglycaemia without deterioration of HbA1c, and improved treatment satisfaction. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02232698 FUNDING: Abbott Diabetes Care, Witney, UK. RESULTS: Between 4 September 2014 and 12 February 2015, 167 participants using MDI were enrolled. After screening and the baseline phase, participants were randomised to intervention (n = 82) and control groups (n = 81). One woman from each group was excluded owing to pregnancy; the full analysis set included 161 randomised participants. At 6 months, mean time in hypoglycaemia was reduced by 46.0%, from 3.44 h/day to 1.86 h/day in the intervention group (baseline adjusted mean change, ‐1.65 h/day), and from 3.73 h/day to 3.66 h/day in the control group (baseline adjusted mean change, 0.00 h/day), with a between‐group difference of ‐1.65 (95% CI ‐2.21, ‐1.09; p < 0.0001). For participants in the intervention group, the mean ± SD daily sensor scanning frequency was 14.7 ± 10.7 (median 12.3) and the mean number of self‐monitored blood glucose tests performed per day reduced from 5.5 ± 2.0 (median 5.4) at baseline to 0.5 ± 1.0 (median 0.1). The baseline frequency of self‐monitored blood glucose tests by control participants was maintained (from 5.6 ± 1.9 [median 5.2] to 5.5 ± 2.6 [median 5.1] per day). Treatment satisfaction and perception of hypo/hyperglycaemia were improved compared with control. No device‐related hypoglycaemia or safety‐related issues were reported. Nine serious adverse events were reported for eight participants (four in each group), none related to the device. Eight adverse events for six of the participants in the intervention group were also reported, which were related to sensor insertion/wear; four of these participants withdrew because of the adverse event.
 the effects of substitution of red meat with soybeans and non- soy Legumes on diabet improvement;  INTERVENTION: Case 1: Taking a cup of cooked soy beans three days a week and avoiding the use of beans and red meat during the study for 8 weeks Case 2: Taking a cup of cooked beans three days a week and avoiding the use of soy bean and red meat during the study for 8 weeks control: Taking two units of red meat three days a week and avoiding the use of beans and soy beans during the study for 8 weeks Intervention 1: Case 1: Taking a cup of cooked soy beans three days a week and avoiding the use of beans and red meat during the study for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Case 2: Taking a cup of cooked beans three days a week and avoiding the use of soy bean and red meat during the study for 8 weeks. Intervention 3: control: Taking two units of red meat three days a week and avoiding the use of beans and soy beans during the study for 8 weeks. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Non‐insulin dependent diabetic patients. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before the intervention, 4 weeks after the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. CRP. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Hb A1C. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. HDL cholesterol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. LDL cholesterol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Serum insulin. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Triglyceride. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before the intervention, 4 weeks after the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: meter. Weight. Timepoint: Before the intervention, 4 weeks after the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: Digital scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having Type II diabetes for at least 6 months/ age between 40 to 65 years/ People with medium and high socio‐economic status (with the ability to buy meat, beans or soybeans) Exclusion Criteria: The need to use insulin/ The need to take cholesterol‐lowering drugs/ thyroid disorders, gastrointestinal disorders such as bloat, kidney , liver and cardiovascular diseases/ Participate in other studies in the past 6 months/ allergies to soy or bean/ The use of corticosteroids, cyclosporine and warfarin, NSAIDs and immunosuppressive/ Smoking/ Consume Alcohol/ pregnancy or breast‐feeding/ history of ovarian cysts
 Effects of weight reducing surgery and liraglutide on blood glucose in diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: liraglutide Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled pen Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection in pre‐filled pen Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Hormonal diseases [C19] type 2 diabetes with morbid obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To establish the efficacy of 1.8 mg liraglutide compared to liraglutide‐placebo in reducing glycemic variability and achieving glycemic control during 16 weeks treatment before surgery and 48 weeks (week 4 to 52) treatment after gastric bypass surgery for morbid obesity complicated by DM2. Primary end point(s): 1. Glycemic variability (glucose SD, Mean Amplitude of Glucose Excursions (MAGE), 24 hour glycemic variation) as measured by blinded CGM, ; 2. Glycemic control (SMBG and HbA1c, time spend in hyper‐ and hypoglycaemia, 1.5‐anhydroglucitol), ; 3. Glucose peak and nadir after a Mixed Meal Tolerance Test (MMTT). Secondary Objective: To establish the efficacy of 1.8 mg liraglutide compared to liraglutide‐placebo in inducing a change in body weight, cardiovascular risk profile and patient reported outcomes (quality of life, eating behaviour and dumping syndrome score). ; ; To establish a biobank containing blood (plasma), DNA, subcutaneous and visceral fat, as well as gastro‐intestinal tissues with the intention to future research on the effects of liraglutide on adipose tissue and gastro‐intestinal endocrine cells. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Change from baseline to day before operation and to 52 weeks post‐operation.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Change from baseline to day before operation and to 52 weeks post‐operation in ; 1. percentage body weight, absolute body weight, and excess BMI. ; 2. Cardiovascular risk profile: waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, hsCRP, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, urinary albumin‐creatinin ratio, medication for hypertension and dyslipidemia. ; 3. Insulin, incretins and other gut hormones after an MMTT. ; 4. Quality of Life (SF‐36), Dumping syndrome score, Eating behavior (Dutch Eating Behaviour Questionnaire). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Change from baseline to day before operation and to 52 weeks post‐operation. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ give written informed consent, ‐ age = 18 and =65 years, ‐ type 2 diabetes mellitus on diet/lifestyle intervention with or without metformin, ‐ a body mass index = 35 kg/m2 (1991 NIH Guidelines for Bariatric Surgery), ‐ for women of childbearing age, must have a negative pregnancy test at screening, and agree to use contraceptives for the duration of the study, ‐ are able to understand and comply with the study process. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 60 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Sympathetic activation, microcirculation, haemostasis and inflammation in diabetic and non-diabetic kidney disease: disease modification by vitamin D receptor activation - VDRA and CKD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Zemplar Product Name: Zemplar Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: paricalcitol Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule* Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Patients with mild to moderate chronic renal failure (CRF; GFR 15‐60ml/min; n=26) Patients with mild to moderate CRF and coexisting Diabetes Mellitus (n=26) ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10064848 Term: Chronic kidney disease ; MedDRA version: 12.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus INCLUSION CRITERIA: Man or woman above 20 years of age. If woman in reproductive age: not nursing and not pregnant (preseting a negative pregnancy test), and on anticonception therapy. Calculated GFR between 15‐59 mL/min/1.73m2 using MDRD S‐Ca2+ <2.6 mmol/L iPTH between 35‐500 pg/mL Serum albumin > 3.0 g/dL Signed informed consent For inclusion in the diabetes study group: • Diagnosed type II diabetes, and treated with peroral antidiabetics or insulin the last 12 months • HbA1c <= 12% Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The major goal of this study is to develop an enhanced understanding of the disturbances involved in how a progressive loss of kidney function cause increased cardiovascular disturbance, disease and ultimately death, and if some of these disturbances can be ameliorated and modified by treatment with a VDRA. Furthermore, evidence suggest that Diabetic kidney disease constitute a separate entity with certain characteristics that may respond differently to treatment with VDRA. Thus we intend to compare diabetic kidney disease with non‐diabetic.; As kidney disease is characterized by increased neurohormonal activation and sympathetic overactivity, the primary outcome variable will be a change (reduction) in sympathetic activity as measured by a tungsten microelectrode inserted percutaneously into a fascicle of the peroneal nerve at the level of the fibular head (muscle sympathetic nerve activity: MSNA).; Primary end point(s): Sympathetic activation measured by microneurography at the conclusion of the 12 weeks treatment period. Secondary Objective: A) To determine whether sympathetic overactivity cause sympathovagal imbalance, reflected in altered heart rate variability, disturbed baroreflex regulation, and altered transfer‐function between blood pressure and sympathetic nerve activity? May these disturbances be ameliorated by treatment with VDRA?; B) Endothelial dysfunction and increased arterial stiffness are common features in severe renal failure, and have been shown even before diagnosis in DM‐II. To which degrees are they present in mild to moderate CKD, and how do they correlate with other physiological changes? May these disturbances be modified by treatment with VDRA?; C/ Several factors involved in haemostasis and inflammation are independent risk factors for mortality in patients with end stage renal disease. Is the haemostasis disturbed in mild to moderate CKD, and if so, is this correlated to sympathetic activation and impaired microcirculatory control? May these disturbances be ameliorated by treatment with VDRA?
 Effect of Sterile Versus Clean Gloves Intrapartum and Postpartum Infections at Term;  Introduction The vaginal microbiota consists of a wide array of possible bacteria including species Ureaplasma, Listeria, Lactobacillus, Atopbium, Megasphaera, Leptotrichia, Peptostreptococcus, Prevotella, Diphtheria, Escherichia, Klebsiella, Enterobacter, Proteus, Pseudomonas, Gardnerella, Staphylococcus, and Streptococcus.1,2 However, the uterus is thought to be much less diverse in flora and possibly sterile, especially in the setting of pregnancy.3 Thickening of the cervical mucus functions as a buffer to prevent the polymicrobial vaginal bacteria from ascending into the uterus in pregnancy. Intraamniotic or intrauterine infections (IAI), also known as chorioamnionitis, are thought to occur most frequently from an ascending infection from the lower genital tract into the uterine cavity.4 IAI usually warrants immediate delivery and impacts 5 ‐ 12% of term pregnancies, with the most commonly identified pathogenic species being Ureaplasma.5‐7 IAI carries significant neonatal morbidity including increased risk for neonatal pneumonia, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, poor neonatal growth, dermatitis, necrotizing enterocolitis, retinopathy of prematurity, cerebral palsy, meningitis, sepsis, and death.4,7 When performing cervical examinations during labor, providers in the United States commonly use a sterile glove to examine dilation and effacement of the cervix and station of the fetal head, although there are no data currently to support that this practice reduces rates of infection. Even though the uterus could be sterile in normal pregnancies, the provider performing the cervical examination must traverse the milieu of diverse vaginal bacteria in order to reach the cervix to perform the exam, introducing vaginal microbiota into the uterus. Despite this, it is unclear if the number of cervical examinations impacts risk of infection, especially before rupture of membranes (ROM).8,9 Common risk factors for IAI acknowledged by the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology (ACOG) include excessive number of cervical examinations (especially after rupture of membranes), cervical insufficiency, internal fetal heart rate or uterine contraction monitors, intracervical balloon catheters for induction of labor, urogenital pathogens (sexually transmitted infections (STI), group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization, bacterial vaginosis), nulliparity, alcohol and tobacco use in pregnancy, and meconium‐stained amniotic fluid.4 Nevertheless, some of these factors are also associated with longer duration of labor, rupture of membranes, and more cervical examinations, so they may not be independently associated with IAI.8,10 The theory behind IAI, assuming there are no other sources of maternal infection present elsewhere that could be introduced into the uterus or passed through the placenta, is that an infection ascends from the vagina into the intrauterine or intraamniotic space to cause the infection. We hypothesize that the type of glove used for examination should not impact rates of intrapartum or postpartum infection since the glove, whether originally sterile or not, would have to pass through the unsterile vagina to reach the cervix to perform the cervical examination. This prospective randomized controlled study examines whether the type of glove used (sterile vs clean) impacts the rates of IAI in patients receiving cervical examinations during labor or induction of labor at term. Methods Patients meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria below provided written informed consent to participate in the study after admission to labor and delivery at the single institution tertiary care referral center for this study. Any cervical examinations performed prior to the patient being consented to participate in the study were not included, such as if performed in the office or in the triage area, prior to admission. This study followed the format of a randomized prospective cohort study where eligible and consented participants were randomized to receive all cervical examinations with sterile powder‐free polyvinyl chloride exam gloves (current routine practice, control group) or clean powder‐free nitrile exam gloves (nonsterile, experimental group). Neither the clinical providers performing the exam nor the participants were blinded to the glove type used, however, the researchers did not know which glove type was used while completing the retrospective data collection and analysis. All other obstetrical care provided to the participants was per ACOG guidelines and the only changes made to their care was the type of glove used for this study. Interested participants were eligible to participate if their pregnancy was at term (37w0d to 41w6d gestational age), if their amniotic membranes were intact on admission, if they were presenting in spontaneous labor or were to undergo induction of labor, and if they were attempting for a vaginal delivery initially, even if the final delivery method was by cesarean section. Participants were excluded if they were preterm (before 37w0d gestational age), postdates (after 41w6d gestational age), with ruptured membranes or premature rupture of membranes on admission, in preterm labor, with the diagnosis of chorioamnionitis or any intrauterine infection, with extrauterine infection that would compromise the diagnosis of intrauterine infection (e.g., COVID, upper respiratory infections, urinary tract infections, cellulitis, appendicitis, etc.), experiencing an immunocompromised state (e.g., human immunodeficiency virus, congenital syndromes, transplant recipient, or immunosuppressant use), with uncertainty of their gestational age or no prenatal care, with an intrauterine fetal demise, or requesting a termination of the pregnancy. Twin or multigestational pregnancies were not excluded, however, only singleton pregnancies consented to participate in the study. The primary outcome of the study was the proportion of participants in each glove group who experienced intraamniotic or intrauterine infection or chorioamnionitis or intrapartum infection, these terms are used interchangeably for the purposes of this study. The diagnostic criteria for intraamniotic/intrauterine infection followed the ACOG committee opinion 7124 on the topic, listed below for reference: Patients must have fever >39.0*C (102.2F) ONE TIME without need to recheck temperature in the presence of no other identifiable source of fever OR Fever of 38.0 ‐ 38.9*C (100.4 ‐ 102.02F) on two or more measurements that are at least 30 minutes apart without another clear source PLUS one or more of the following: ‐ Baseline fetal heart rate >160 beats/min for ≥10 minutes, excluding accelerations, decelerations, and periods of marked variability. ‐ Maternal white cell (WBC) count >15,000/mm^3 in the absence of corticosteroids and ideally showing a left shift (bandemia). ‐ Purulent‐appearing fluid coming from the cervical os visualized by speculum examination. The study's secondary outcomes and other data recorded included: Rates of endometritis, maternal age, gravida, parity, induction of labor (IOL) method (foley balloon, cook catheter or cervical ripening balloon, Cytotec (misoprostol), Pitocin (oxytocin), Dilapan, Cervidil), artificial or spontaneous rupture of membrane time (AROM and SROM respectively), time of first cervical exam, number of documented cervical exams, delivery time, delivery method (cesarean section vs vaginal delivery), operative delivery (forceps or vacuum), postpartum hemorrhage (qualitative blood loss > 1000 mL), GBS colonization, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T1DM or T2DM, respectively), genitourinary infections (urinary tract infections (UTI), pyelonephritis, gonorrhea (Gc), chlamydia (Ch), trichomonas (Tr), or pelvic inflammatory disease), tobacco/alcohol/drug use in pregnancy, meconium stained fluid, intrauterine pressure catheter (IUPC) use, fetal scalp electrode (FSE) use, epidural use, length of IOL (first cervical exam to delivery time), starting dilation, initial white blood cell (WBC) level on presentation, initial maternal temperature, highest maternal temperature, initial maternal heart rate (HR), highest maternal HR, and fetal tachycardia, if present and noted in the maternal chart. Participants were considered GBS colonized if they had a positive rectovaginal culture by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) during routine prenatal care. All patients with a GBS positive status received antibiotics per ACOG recommendations. GBS negative or participants that did not have a GBS rectovaginal culture were not considered GBS colonized in this study to help distinguish those participants receiving antibiotics in labor. Statistical analysis and sample size: Given that the estimated rates of IAI in term pregnancy is estimated to be between 5‐12%, weekly analysis was performed to ensure that interim rates of infection did not exceed 20%, which is double the median expected rate at term and would warrant discontinuation of the study. Data was collected in a deidentified manner from chart review and input into a REDCap database for analysis. The study was approved by the Eastern Virginia Medical School Institutional Review Board under IRB 21‐09‐FB‐0206. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the demographic and baseline characteristics of each cohort. Independent group comparisons were used to assure that the randomization resulted in equal groups at baseline. Continuous variables were compared with a two‐sample independent group t test for normally distributed data or by Wilcoxon‐Mann‐Whitney test for non‐normally distributed continuous variables. For categorical variables, the two groups were compared by Chi square test or Fisher exact test based on expected cell size.
 the effectiveness of Rocaltrol on treatment of albuminuria in pateint with diabetic nephropathy;  INTERVENTION: case group : Patients with diabetic nephropathy without vitamin D deficiency (66 patients) enroll to the study considering inclusion and exclusion criteria and they will be investigate regarding lipid profile (HDL, LDL, TG, Cholesterol); Ca, P, HbA1C, Urine Albumin and Creatinine, also the ACR ( Urine Albumin to creatinine ratio) will be calculated. They receive combination therapy with Losartan 25 mg/PO twice per day and Rocaltrol one capsule daily for 3 months. Afterwards, at the end of the study the laboratory study will be repeated and the results of both groups will be compared with each other and statistically analyzed. Control group: Patients with diabetic nephropathy without vitamin D deficiency (66 patients) enroll to the study considering inclusion and exclusion criteria and they will be investigate regarding lipid profile (HDL, LDL, TG, Cholesterol); Ca, P, HbA1C, Urine Albumin and Creatinine, also the ACR ( Urine Albumin to creatinine ratio) will be calculated. They receive Losartan 25 mg/PO twice per day for 3 months. Afterwards, at the end of the study the laboratory study will be repeated and the results of both groups will be compared with each other and statistically analyzed. Intervention 1: case group : Patients with diabetic nephropathy without vitamin D deficiency (66 patients) enroll to the study considering inclusion and exclusion criteria and they will be investigate regarding lipid profile (HDL, LDL, TG, Cholesterol); Ca, P, HbA1C, Urine Albumin and Creatinine, also the ACR ( Urine Albumin to creatinine ratio) will be calculated. They receive combination therapy with Losartan 25 mg/PO twice per day and Rocaltrol one capsule daily for 3 months. Afterwards, at the end of the study the laboratory study will be repeated and the results of both groups will be compared with each other and statistically analyzed. Intervention 2: Control group: Patients with diabetic nephropathy without vitamin D deficiency (66 patients) enroll to the study considering inclusion and exclusion criteria and they will be investigate regarding lipid profile (HDL, LDL, TG, Cholesterol); Ca, P, HbA1C, Urine Albumin and Creatinine, also the ACR ( Urine Albumin to creatinine ratio) will be calculated. They receive Losartan 25 mg/PO twice per day for 3 months. Afterwards, at the end of the study the laboratory study will be repeated and the results of both groups will be compared with each other and statistically analyzed. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetic nephropathy. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus with renal complications Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus with renal complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Albumin to createnin ratio. Timepoint: 3 month later. Method of measurement: labratory study. HbA1C. Timepoint: 3 month later. Method of measurement: labratory study. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Ca. Timepoint: 3 month later. Method of measurement: Labratory Study. P. Timepoint: 3 month later. Method of measurement: Labratory Study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: aged between 40‐70 years; diabetes mellitus type 2 that at least 3 months past diagnosis; Albuminuria is (urinary albumin >30 mg/24 hours); Signing Informed consent form; ca <9.5 and p <5.5; Not having an active urine analysis regarding Hematuria, pyuria and urine cast or crystal. Exclusion criteria: K > 5.5 mg per deciliter or creatinine rising more than 30% after administration of Losartan; administration of vitamin D agents; acute infectious disease; acute heart failure; cancer; pregnancy; Urinary protein more than 8 gr/24 hours; vitamin D deficiency.
 Study on efficacy of Vaccinium arctostaphylos in the treatment of hypertensive hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Vaccinium arctostaphylos fruit extract at the dose of one 350 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to standard treatments is administered to a group of 50 patients for 2 months. Intervention 2: Vaccinium arctostaphylos leaf extract at the dose of one 350 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to standard treatments is administered to a group of 50 patients for 2 months. Intervention 3: One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to standard treatments is adminstered to a group of 50 patients for 2 months. One placebo capsule every 8 hours in addition to standard treatments is adminstered to a group of 50 patients for 2 months. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs Vaccinium arctostaphylos fruit extract at the dose of one 350 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to standard treatments is administered to a group of 50 patients for 2 months. Vaccinium arctostaphylos leaf extract at the dose of one 350 mg capsule every 8 hours in addition to standard treatments is administered to a group of 50 patients for 2 months. CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Amount of diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: 24‐hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. Amount of systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: 24‐hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. Blood level of glycosylated hemoglobin. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of LDL‐C. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: 2 hour postprandial blood glucose level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of creatinine. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of HDL‐C. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of SGOT. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of SGPT. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of total choletsterol. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood level of triglycerides. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Fasting blood glucose level. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Iranian male and female hypertensive hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetic outpatients; patients aged 40 to 60 years; patients with blood HbA1c levels between 7% and 9%; patients with fasting blood LDL levels between 100 mg/dL and 150 mg/dL; patients with systolic blood pressures between 14 and 16 mmHg; patients with diastolic blood pressures between 9 and 10 mmHg; patients taking 15 mg glibenclamide, 2 g metformin and 20 mg atorvastatin per day; patients taking synthetic antihypertensive drugs with 3 different mechanisms per day. Exclusion criteria: Patients taking other drugs effective on the blood glucose and lipid levels; patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic, hematological diseases, hypothyroidism, tachycardia, vertigo and seizure; patients with a history of gallstones or gall bladder surgery; pregnant women; women planning pregnancy; breast‐feeding women.
 Effect of Rosuvastatin on the Clinical Features of Preeclampsia;  Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder that complicates 3‐5% of pregnancies and remains a major cause of maternal, fetal, and neonatal morbidity and mortality.(1) Preeclampsia is characterized by the development of new onset hypertension (HTN) and the establishment of proteinuria. Other signs and symptoms that accompany the disease include: headache, visual disturbances, epigastric or abdominal pain, weakness, altered mental status, HELLP syndrome (2) dyspnea and edema (American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Task Force on Hypertension in Pregnancy, 2013). Previous preeclamptic pregnancy, family history of preeclampsia, late age of maternity (>40 years), multiple gestation, obesity, diabetes mellitus and history of thrombophilia have been identified as predisposing risk factors (American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Task Force on Hypertension in Pregnancy, 2013). In particular, the presence of HTN and chronic renal impairment before gestation has been strongly correlated to the development of preeclampsia later during pregnancy (Foo et al., 2015). Preeclampsia can result in a great number of severe and, in some cases, fatal short‐ and long‐term consequences affecting both the mother and the fetus. Maternal complications include cardiometabolic disorders (diabetes, ischemic heart disease, metabolic syndrome), cerebrovascular disease (stroke, intracranial bleeding), neurologic abnormalities (eclamptic seizures) and renal impairment (Ramsay et al., 2003; Wilson et al., 2003; Haukkamaa et al., 2004; Funai et al., 2005). Fetal outcomes include intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), prematurity and higher risk of developing HTN, obesity, metabolic syndrome, dyslipidemias, and cardiovascular disease (Lo et al., 2013; Nice guidelines, 2016). There is evidence from several studies that preeclampsia is accompanied by endothelial injury. This injury results in abnormal vascular relaxation and platelet activation and is associated with inflammation and oxidative imbalance. (5) The activation of the inflammatory cascade that occurs in normal pregnancy is further exaggerated in preeclampsia. Markers of inflammation, such as high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), are elevated in patients who later develop preeclampsia. In addition, preeclampsia is associated with elevated cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin‐6 (IL‐6), and IL‐12. These activate the inflammatory cascade and increase free radical generation and oxidative stress, thus contributing to endothelial injury. (6) Delivery of the fetus is the only efficient therapy (Everett et al., 2012; Gangooly et al., 2014; Nice guidelines, 2016(10. Nice guidelines (2016). Hypertension in Pregnancy: Diagnosis and Management | 1‐Guidance | Guidance and guidelines | NICE. [cited 2016 May 27]. Available at: https://www.nice.org.uk/guidance/cg107/chapter/1‐guidance ) ). If the gestational age is less than 34 weeks and the BP can be sufficiently controlled with the absence of other symptoms, pregnancy can be prolonged in order to avoid prematurity complications for the fetus. The main therapeutic goal in preeclampsia is the management of HTN, aiming for SBP of 140‐150 mmHg and DBP of 80‐100 mmHg (Nice guidelines, 2016 10. Nice guidelines (2016). Hypertension in Pregnancy: Diagnosis and Management | ). 18. McTaggart F. Comparative pharmacology of rosuvastatin. Atherosclerosis. 2003; 4:9‐14)) 1‐Guidance | Guidance and guidelines | NICE. [cited 2016 May 27]. Available at: https://www.nice.org.uk/guidance/cg107/chapter/1‐guidance). Oral antihypertensive therapy including a‐methyldopa, calcium channel blockers, b‐blockers and labetalol, coupled with antiplatelet agents and magnesium sulfate are considered as a therapy in hypertensive disorders in order to limit maternal and fetal complications (Sandrim et al., 2008; Nice guidelines, 2016 12. Sandrim, V. C., Palei, A. C., Metzger, I. F., Gomes, V. A., Cavalli, R. C., and Tanus‐Santos, J. E. (2008). Nitric oxide formation is inversely related to serum levels of antiangiogenic factors soluble fms‐like tyrosine kinase‐1 and soluble endogline in preeclampsia. Hypertension 52, 402‐407. doi: 10.1161/ HYPERTENSIONAHA.108.115006 Statins are 3‐hydroxy‐3‐methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG CoA) reductase inhibitors that are effective in the reduction of total and LDL cholesterol.3 They prevent initial cardiovascular and subsequent cardiovascular events in ischemic heart disease patients, irrespective of the cholesterol concentration.5,6 There has been recent interest in the use of statins to treat preeclampsia. Notably, evidence has emerged that statins have vasoprotective properties independent of their effects in lowering serum cholesterol.8,9 ) Statins also correct the imbalance in the Th1/Th2 cytokine responses observed in preeclampsia (statins decrease Th1 proinflammatory cytokines, such as TNF‐α, IL‐1, IL‐2, IFN‐γ, and increase Th2 antiinflammatory cytokines such as IL‐4, IL 10). (23) Cudmore et al10 showed that simvastatin significantly reduced sFlt‐1 secretion from placenta and endothelial cells. Unfortunately, simvastatin may not be acceptable for use during pregnancy. It has a category X rating in light of observational studies, demonstrating an association with fetal malformations if administered during the first trimester.11,12 Some have proposed that rosuvastatin may be a more promising therapeutic candidate given its safety profile could be better than simvastatin. Unlike simvastatin, which is hydrophobic, rouvastatin is hydrophilic, meaning it may less readily cross through the placenta to the fetus.11,13 Transplacental transfer of statins depends on their plasma concentration; their binding to plasma proteins; their molecular weight, lipophilicity and ionization state; and their capacity to bind to placental transport proteins. Pravastatin and rosuvastatin are relatively hydrophilic (which, in theory, reduces their transplacental passage) and not significantly metabolized by CYP enzymes.[20] Cohort studies have shown that administration of lipophilic statins have increased fetal malformation risk; however, hydrophilic statins, including rosuvastatin, have not been associated with an increased risk.11 Rosuvastatin is a fully synthetic HMG‐CoA reductase inhibitor. It belongs to a new generation of methane‐sulphonamide pyrimidine and N‐methane sulfonyl pyrrole‐substituted 3, 5‐ dihydroxy‐heptenoates. Although the characteristic statin pharmacophore remains similar to other statins, the addition of a stable polar methane‐sulphonamide group provides low lipophilicity and enhanced ionic interaction with HMG‐CoA reductase enzyme thus improving its binding affinity to this enzyme.16‐18((16. White CM. A review of the pharmacologic and pharmacokinetic aspects of rosuvastatin. J Clin Pharmacol. 2002; 42: 963‐70. As observed with other statins, rosuvastatin has pleiotropic effects independent of HMG‐CoA reductase inhibition. These include improvements in endothelial function, anti‐inflammatory, antithrombotic and anti‐oxidant effects.27((27. Grosser N, Erdmann K, Hemmerle A, et al. Rosuvastatin upregulates the antioxidant defense protein heme oxygenase‐1. Biochem Biophys Res Commun. 2004; 325: 871‐6)) Statins improve endothelial function by increasing the production of endothelial nitric oxide and reducing the production of oxygen derived free radicals. Rosuvastatin reduces high sensitivity C reactive protein (hsCRP) which is a marker of inflammation and an independent cardiovascular risk predictor and other inflammatory markers.28(28. Mayer C, Gruber HJ, Landl EM, et al. Rosuvastatin reduces interleukin‐ 6‐induced expression of C‐reactive protein in human hepatocytes in a STAT3‐ and C/EBP‐dependent fashion. Int J Clin Pharmacol Ther. 2007; 45: 319‐27)) It inhibits platelet aggregation to leukocytes which inhibit formation of clots in injured endothelium.29 (29. Laumen H, Skurk T, Hauner H, et al. The HMG‐CoA reductase inhibitor rosuvastatin inhibits plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 expression and secretion in human adipocytes. Atherosclerosis. 2008;196: 565‐73) Approximately 90% of rosuvastatin is protein bound mainly to albumin. It is less lipophilic than other statins and has a plasma half life of 19 hours which is longer than atorvastatin (15 hours) and simvastatin (2‐3 hours). It is primarily eliminated in the faeces (90%) compared with 10% renal excretion. Approximately 72% of absorbed rosuvastatin is eliminated in bile and 28% via renal excretion.33(33. Martin PD, Warwick MJ, Dane AL, et al. Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of rosuvastatin in healthy adult male volunteers. Clin Ther. 2003;25:2822‐35.) As the circulating half life is 19 hrs it can be taken once daily at any time of the day regardless of meals.
 Associations of body composition and physical fitness with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in pregnancy: results from the HealthyMoms trial;  The aim of this study was to examine associations of body composition (fat mass index, % fat mass, fat‐free mass index, body mass index) and physical fitness (cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength) with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in early pregnancy. This cross‐sectional study utilized baseline data (n = 303) collected in early pregnancy from the HealthyMoms trial. Body composition was measured using air‐displacement plethysmography, cardiorespiratory fitness was assessed by means of the 6‐min walk test and handgrip strength using a dynamometer. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) for gestational diabetes as well as high (defined as 1 SD above the mean) blood pressure, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), and metabolic syndrome score (MetS score) per 1 SD increase in body composition and fitness variables. Fat mass index, % fat mass and body mass index were all strongly associated with gestational diabetes (ORs: 1.72‐2.14, P ≤ 0.003), HOMA‐IR (ORs: 3.01‐3.80, P < 0.001), blood pressure (ORs: 1.81‐2.05, P < 0.001) and MetS score (ORs: 3.29‐3.71, P < 0.001). Associations with fat‐free mass index were considerably weaker (ORs: 1.26‐1.82, P = 0.001‐0.15) and were strongly attenuated after adjustments for fat mass index (ORs: 0.88‐1.54, P = 0.039‐0.68). Finally, greater cardiorespiratory fitness was associated with lower risk of high HOMA‐IR and MetS score (ORs: 0.57‐0.63, P  ≤ 0.004) although these associations were attenuated when accounting for fat mass index (ORs: 1.08‐1.11, P ≥ 0.61). In conclusion, accurately measured fat mass index or % fat mass were strongly associated with gestational diabetes risk and markers of cardiovascular health although associations were not stronger than the corresponding ones for body mass index. Fat‐free mass index had only weak associations with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health which support that the focus during clinical care would be on excess fat mass and not fat‐free mass.
 A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, parallel-group, active-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of finerenone compared to eplerenone on morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction after recent heart failure decompensation and additional risk factors, either type 2 diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease or both;  INTERVENTION: Treatment with 10 or 20 mg finerenon or 25 mg eplerenon every other day or 25 mg eplenerone (daily) or 50 mg epleneron (daily). CONDITION: ; Chronic heart failure; decompensation cordis 10018424 10019280 10038430 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Demonstrate the superiority of finerenone to eplerenone in delaying time to ; first occurrence of the composite ; endpoint, defined as cardiovascular (CV) death or hospitalization for heart ; failure (HF), in patients with ; CHF (NYHA class II‐IV) and reduced ejection fraction after recent heart failure ; decompensation who have ; additional risk factors, i.e. type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and/or chronic ; kidney disease (CKD).; SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary objectives are to determine the superiority of finerenone to ; eplerenone with regard to the following: ; Total number of hospitalizations (or equivalent) for HF Delaying the time to ; first hospitalization (or equivalent) ; for HF Delaying the time to all‐cause mortality Delaying the time to first ; occurrence of composite renal ; endpoint: onset of kidney failure, or sustained decrease in estimated ; glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) >=40% ; relative to baseline over at least 4 weeks, or renal death. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative at Screening and if they agree to use adequate contraception. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). Women are considered post‐menopausal and not of childbearing potential if they have had 12 months of natural (spontaneous) amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile (e.g. age appropriate, history of vasomotor symptoms) or 6 months of spontaneous amenorrhea with serum follicle‐stimulating hormone (FSH) levels >40 mIU/mL [for US only: and estradiol <20 pg/mL] or have had surgical treatment such as bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral ovariectomy, or hysterectomy.;• Diagnosis of CHF, NYHA class II‐IV, and documented ejection fraction of
 The generalizability of trial data; a comparison of beta-blocker trial participants with a prospective cohort of women taking beta-blockers in pregnancy;  OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the generalizability of randomized controlled trial (RCT) data to obstetric practice, using the example of beta‐blocker therapy. STUDY DESIGN: Descriptive comparison of characteristics of participants, interventions, and outcomes assessed between a meta‐analysis of trials of beta‐blocker therapy in pregnancy, and a prospective cohort of beta‐blocker exposed callers to Motherisk, a Teratology Information Service. RESULTS: 72 women (cohort) and 34 trials with 2474 participants (meta‐analysis) were compared. The generalizability of trials was limited by an inadequate description of maternal demographics and indications for beta‐blockers, and a focus on the effectiveness of beta‐blockers as antihypertensives rather than on reproductive risks. CONCLUSIONS: Some of these limitations could be rectified. Others cannot, such as evaluation of teratogenicity (for ethical reasons) or all indications for a drug (for practical reasons). Reference to observational literature is, and will likely remain, necessary to address the 'harm' side of the therapeutic equation in pregnancy.
 A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase II trial to evaluate the dose-dependent effect of colchicine on inflammatory response and endothelial function in type 2 diabetic patients with coronary artery disease and leukocyte activation;  INTERVENTION: colchicine 0.5mg colchicine 0.25mg placebo CONDITION: type 2 diabetic patients with coronary artery disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: High sensitive‐CRP at 4 weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with coronary artery disease with increased inflammatory response. (2) Patients aged 20 years and older (3) In female subjects who had possibility of pregnancy and male subjects who had female partner who had possibility of pregnancy and not undergone a contraceptive surgery, patients with consent of performing optimal contraception from starting study drug to 90 days from final taking. (4) After receiving sufficient explanation for the participation of this study, patients who wrote document of informed consent by the patient's free will with sufficient understanding.
 Atorvastatin Effect on Contrast Induced Nephropathy in Diabetic Patients Undergoing Elective Coronary Intervention;  The study is a prospective, multi‐center, randomized, placebo‐controlled study. The ethical committee of the Faculty of Medicine, Assiut University approved the study protocol. 200 diabetic patients with indication for coronary intervention participated in the study. 100 patients were randomly assigned to receive atorvastatin (80 mg) just before coronary intervention (statin group) and 100 patients received placebo (control group). An informed written consent for participating in the study was obtained from each participant. Exclusion criteria: 1. Current statin treatment within the previous three months. 2. Chronic renal failure patients on renal dialysis, or serum creatinine more than 1.5 mg/dl. 3. Severe co‐morbidities i.e. patients with cancer, advanced liver cirrhosis. 4. Contraindications to statin therapy. 5. Contrast media injection within the preceding 10 days. 6. Pregnancy. 7. Refusal of consent. (B) Methodology: All study patients were subjected to: 1. Full clinical history: including age, sex, history of smoking, hypertension, history of previous percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), duration of diabetes mellitus (DM) and type of anti‐DM treatment. 2. Thorough physical examination focusing on: ‐ General examination including intra‐procedural hemodynamic assessment. ‐ Cardiac examination to elicit manifestations of heart failure. 3. Echocardiography searching for wall motion abnormalities and estimation of left ventricular systolic function. 4. Initial venous blood samples for determination of hemoglobin level and serum creatinine before the procedure. Follow up for serum creatinine at 48 hours post‐procedure was done. CIN was stated as a raising of serum creatinine of more than 25% or ≥0.5 mg/dl (44 μmol/l) from initial level within 48 hours of the angiographic procedure and after excluding other factors that may cause nephropathy such as nephrotoxic drugs. 5. All patients received clopidogrel (600 mg) or ticagrelor (180 mg). Any nephrotoxic drugs (i.e., metformin, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs) were withdrawn on admission. 6. Coronary intervention was done using the same non‐ionic, low‐osmolar contrast medium (Iopamidol; Scanlux, Sanochemia, Austria) in all cases. After the procedure, TIMI flow of the culprit artery was assessed, as well as the volume of used contrast media and time of X‐ray exposure. 7. Statistical analysis: Data were processed by statistical package for the social sciences (SPSS, version 20. 0). Descriptive statistics for interval and ordinal variables were calculated such as the ranges, means, and standard deviations, whereas, for categorical variables, the frequencies and percentages were reported. Student t‐test or paired t‐test, as appropriate, were used to compare normal and continuous variables. Chi‐square test was used for comparing categorical variables. The level of significance was stated at P < 0.05. Receiver operating curves (ROC) were plotted and area under the curve (AUC) was assessed for some studied variables. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated at a cutoff point. A p value of <0.05 was considered significant.
 Randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial to assess the effects of intramyocardial bone-marrow-derived immunoselected CD133+ cells on left ventricle perfusion and function assessed by single-photon emission CT and MRI in patients with inducible ischaemia and refractory angina (REGENT-VSEL);  Aims: REGENT‐VSEL (NCT01660581) is a randomised, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled trial of intramyocardial (IM) autologous bone marrow (BM)‐derived CD133+ cells on left ventricle (LV) perfusion/function and clinical status. Methods and results: Inclusion criteria: stable angina (CCS II‐IV) despite maximum pharmacotherapy for at least two weeks since last medications change, ≥1 myocardial segment with inducible ischaemia in Tc‐99m SPECT with adenosine, no option of revascularisation by Heart Team, age >18 and <75 years. Exclusion criteria: acute coronary syndrome <6 months, NYHA III‐IV heart failure, LVEF <35%, intracardiac thrombus, severe aortic stenosis, ICD/CRT, bleeding diathesis, renal insufficiency (GFR <30 mL/min/1.73m2), pregnancy or lactation. Cells were harvested from 100 cc of BM aspirated from iliac crest in a GMP facility with immuno‐magnetic beads (CliniMACS; Miltenyi Biotec). Cardiology team was fully blinded to the group allocation. Cells or placebo were injected using the NOGA system (BDS) in predefined hibernating (unipolar voltage ≥6.0 mV with reduced LLS) areas of myocardium. Clinical evaluation and safety profile are monitored during scheduled outpatient visits: 1, 4, 6, and 12 months after hospital discharge. The primary endpoint was the change in myocardial perfusion 4 months after the procedure by 99m‐Tc SPECT with adenosine. The secondary endpoint was (1) global and segmental contractility by cardiac MRI, (2) exercise treadmill test (TET, ESTD, TTLA), (3) angina severity (CCS class), the frequency of nitrates intake, and (4) quality of life (Seattle Angina Questionnaire, SF36). Thirty‐one patients (23 males, mean LVEF 55.4%, 12 with diabetes, 23 previous PCI, 25 previous CABG, 21 previous MI) were randomised (1:1) to receive IM cell injections or placebo. Sixteen patients were randomised to the cell group and 15 received placebo (6‐16 injections of 0.2 mL). All patients completed IM procedures without any SAE. There were no deaths during the follow‐up. The last patient is scheduled for the 4‐month SPECT follow‐up in January 2016. Conclusions: The final results of primary and secondary endpoints will be presented.
 Yoga as secondary prevention and cardiac rehabilitation in myocardial infarction;  Introduction: The prevalence of coronary artery disease is racing at a fast pace. The risk factors of myocardial infarction are old age, male sex, previous MI , diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, unhealthy diet , smoking , physical inactivity and psychosocial stress. Interventional and pharmacological approaches are accessible these days for reduction of mortality and morbidity in myocardial infarction. Yoga as a compliment is inexpensive and devoid of side effects which has been shown to reduce body weight, blood pressure, cholesterol, blood sugar & improve physical and mental well being due to relative parasympathetic excess. Many studies performed earlier had small sample size and duration. Therefore, yoga is affordable and can be recommended along with conventional treatment to prevent and improve the outcome in MI cases. Purpose: 1. To study the effect of yoga on risk factors following myocardial infarction. 2. To study the effect of yoga on Beck's Depression Inventory score. Methods: Our study that comprised of 300 patients were randomized into test group (n=150) who were subjected to conventional treatment and yoga and control group (n=150) subjected to conventional treatment only. The study included patients diagnosed as myocardial infarction above 18 years with their consent to participate. Patients with hemodynamic instability, heart failure, pregnancy, prior yoga practice, arrhythmia ,cardiac pacemaker, autonomic neuropathy and musculoskeletal disease were excluded. Initially, assessment of clinical & biochemical parameters and routine investigations were performed. Beck's depression score was calculated. Yoga was started on 4th day after MI (test group) and there were sessions of 10 minutes of pranayam , 15 minutes of shavasan and 15 minutes of transcendental meditation. The patients were followed after 24 weeks for assessment of clinical & biochemical parameters. Carotid doppler & depression score was evaluated. The primary outcome included change in risk factors from baseline to the end of study period and secondary outcome was change in Beck's Depression score. Results: After 24 weeks of intervention, a significant improvement was noted among yoga group in comparison to control group for BMI (p=0.04), heart rate (p=0.01), systolic & diastolic blood pressure (p<0.05), fasting & post prandial blood sugar (p<0.05), HbA1c (p=0.03), Beck's depression score (p=0.001) and lipid profile (p<0.05).In contrast, no improvement was seen for carotid intima media thickness. Conclusion: On the basis of the study, it was concluded that conventional therapy with yoga has a positive impact on risk factors of MI and psychosocial stress. Therefore, yoga can be recommended to reduce morbidity and mortality after MI. Large trials with more number of cases and long term follow up are needed so that yoga as an intervention, can be added for secondary prevention and rehabilitation in myocardial infarction cases. (Table Presented).
 Comparison of Pulsed Radiofrequency and TENS on decreasing of Diabetic neuropathy symptoms in Lower extremity;  INTERVENTION: for RF group in operation room with fluoroscopic guide, the patient will be in prone position and RF needle will be inserted percutaneously from lumbar region to the lumbar sympathetic chain in anterolateral portion of L2 L3 and L4 vertebrates. the needle position will be approved by injection of omnipaque 240 and sensory and motor stimulating test.patients will receive 3 cycles of pulsed radiofrequency lasting for 180 seconds for each of the vertebrates. for TENS group after cleaning the skin with alcohol, patch electrodes will be attached to the skin of lateral inferior part of knee and forfoot. then electrical impulses will be generated with 80 Hz and 50 mA for 20 minutes. there will be 10 sessions of TENS daily. Intervention 1: for TENS group after cleaning the skin with alcohol, patch electrodes will be attached to the skin of lateral inferior part of knee and forfoot. then electrical impulses will be generated with 80 Hz and 50 mA for 20 minutes. there will be 10 sessions of TENS daily. Intervention 2: for RF group in operation room with fluoroscopic guide, the patient will be in prone position and RF needle will be inserted percutaneously from lumbar region to the lumbar sympathetic chain in anterolateral portion of L2 L3 and L4 vertebrates. the needle position will be approved by injection of omnipaque 240 and sensory and motor stimulating test.patients will receive 3 cycles of pulsed radiofrequency lasting for 180 seconds for each of the vertebrates. Treatment ‐ Devices CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus. ; Diabetic autonomic neuropathy Diabetic autonomic neuropathy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: before intervention, 7th day and 1st month and 3rd month after intervention. Method of measurement: numeric rating scale score. Paresthesia. Timepoint: before intervention, 7th day and 1st month and 3rd month after intervention. Method of measurement: numeric rating scale score. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criterion: diabetic patients who have been referred to the "Pain clinic" because of persistent pain and paresthesia in lower extremity who did not respond to oral medications. Exclusion criteria: coagulopathy; anti platelet and anticoagulant therapy; local infection at the procedure site; advanced stages of diabetic neuropathy without paresthesia and pain; addiction; cardiac pacemaker; epilepsy and pregnancy
 Education and Counseling Program on Pregnant Women With Risk of Preeclampsia;  Preeclampsia affects 3% to 5% of pregnancies, and is a pregnancy‐specific syndrome; it leads to maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality worldwide especially in developing countries. If not treated, pregnant woman may have many serious complications, such as pulmonary edema, eclampsia, stroke, placental abruption, and acute renal diseases . Babies born to mothers with preeclampsia have an increased risk of low Apgar scores, neonatal encephalopathy, seizures, neonatal intensive care admission, and neonatal deaths caused by preterm birth and low gestational age. Preeclampsia also affects the health‐related quality of life negatively. Since the etiology and pathogenesis of preeclampsia is unclear, it is very important to investigate the risk factors of preeclampsia to identify the pregnant women in the risk group, and to ensure more intensive care, observation and follow‐ups. The known risk factors for preeclampsia include primiparity, advanced maternal age, family history of preeclampsia, previous preeclamptic pregnancy, autoimmune diseases, hypertension, history of thrombophilia, diabetes, in vitro fertilization, multifetal pregnancy, type I diabetes mellitus or type II diabetes mellitus and obesity.. It is known that the population has difficulty understanding even basic information related to health, and especially preeclampsia. Increasing the preeclampsia knowledge of women will help them to recognize early symptoms, and negative signs of preeclampsia, and may lead them to seek earlier individual care. Also, it is estimated that appropriate patient education and counseling for preeclampsia may prevent half of the most serious consequences related to maternal symptoms. This estimation is supported by a study, that women diagnosed with preeclampsia receiving proper and timely follow‐up had fewer adverse events than those with delayed diagnosis. Preeclampsia education and counseling subjects may include recommendations for increasing awareness (preeclampsia signs and signs of danger, follow‐up at home) and lifestyle modifications (physical activity, coping with stress, nutrition advices) to contribute to the prevention preeclampsia risks. Although many studies have been carried out on medical treatment and improved outcomes in women with preeclampsia, there are limited studies about the consequences of education and counseling of pregnant women with risk of preeclampsia. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of maternal and neonatal consequences of an education and counseling program on at‐risk pregnant women. Trial Design and Participants This study was a single‐center, single‐blinded, prospective randomized controlled trial (RCT), parallel‐group RCT comparing the effects of a preeclampsia education and counseling program during pregnancy with standard antenatal care. Participants were 132 pregnant women with risk of preeclampsia. We recruited the pregnant women between 12‐20 gestational weeks at Obstetrics outpatient clinic in Ankara Gulhane Education and Research Hospital during routine antenatal care between May 2015 and March 2016. The eligibility criteria were as follows: having no major complication related to pregnancy and carrying at least one of the risk factors of preeclampsia discussed in the literature (American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, 2013; Bilano et al., 2014; Lisonkova and Joseph, 2013). The exclusion criteria included; having a miscarriage, unable to read or write in Turkish, moving to another city during the study, and changing the hospital for follow‐ups or giving birth. The sample size was calculated using the G Power 3.1.2 version computer package program according to the comparison of the self‐efficacy‐adequacy scale mean difference between the groups. So that 95% confidence interval and 80% power would be achieved as a mean size of effect, it was calculated that each group should consist of 45 pregnant women. Randomization and Participation We selected totally 144 pregnant women at the beginning of the study. Later, 12 women did not meet eligibility criteria due to the diagnosis of pregnancy‐related complications in the study period (five pregnant women dropped out of the study, and seven pregnant women planned to give birth in a different hospital). Finally, 132 pregnant women who met the eligibility criteria agreed to participate in this study and we randomized them as shown in Figure 1 Flow Chart. Eligible women were randomly allocated (ratio 1:1) into either a control group or study group following an allocation concealment process using an automatic computer‐generated number table. After the randomization process, 13 pregnant women in control group and 19 pregnant women in study group were excluded from the study due to either moving to another city or having the miscarriage. Ethics committee permission was obtained from the ethical committee of Ankara Gulhane Education and Research Hospital with the code 1491‐2658‐13/16484‐303. As they involved human participants, all procedures were conducted in accordance with the ethical standards of the Declaration of Helsinki. We informed the women with risk of preeclampsia and who fulfilled the inclusion criteria about the study procedure, and obtained written informed consent. Data collection The demographic information, obstetric and general health history were recorded for both groups at the first assessment. We applied Health Promoting Lifestyle Profile‐II (HPLP II), the Self‐Efficacy Scale (SES), pregnant and fetal follow‐up forms 4 times during pregnancy. Finally, data of the women and their infants/newborn within postpartum 48 hours were collected. In both groups, we recorded necessary information at every follow‐up session within approximately 30 minutes (10 minutes for data collection for control & study group, 20 minutes for education and counseling for study group). We arranged first assessment and follow‐up sessions between 12‐20, 23‐28, 29‐34, 35‐40 weeks of gestation. The first version of the HPLP scale, was developed by Walker et al. in 1987 and revised in 1996 (Walker et al., 1987). The validity and reliability of the HPLP II in Turkish was tested by Bahar et al. and found to have a high level of validity and reliability (Bahar et al., 2008). The HPLP II questionnaire consist of 52 items and six dimensions, and it uses a four‐point Likert scale from 1, indicating 'never', to 4, 'routinely'. Possible total scores on the questionnaire range from 52 to 208. Cronbach's alpha coefficient of the scale was 0.92. The first version of the SES, developed by Shrer et al. in 1982 and the validity and reliability of the SES scale in Turkish was tested by Gozum and Aksayan in 1999 (Gözüm and Aksayan, 1999; Sherer et al., 1982). The SES consist of 23 items and uses a five‐point Likert scale, in which 1 indicates "never defines me" and to 5, "defines me very well". Possible total scores on the questionnaire range from 23 to 115. Cronbach's alpha coefficient of the scale was 0.89. We recorded the information, including presence of edema, feeling of movement of the baby, physical activity and breathing exercises in both groups on the pregnant and fetal follow‐up form. In addition to these, we measured the blood pressure as well as non‐stress test from the 34th gestation week. Pregnant women in the study group were asked to complete a daily follow‐up form, recording their blood pressure, weight, edema, infant movement, and any problems. For each follow‐up, the forms were collected and new forms were given and necessary reminders were made about regular filling. Finally, after birth, in both groups maternal (preeclampsia development status, prenatal and postnatal blood pressure values and laboratory findings) and neonatal outcomes (first and fifth APGAR scores, baby's intensive care need, respiratory distress, birth weight and intra‐uterine growth retardation) were collected with the postpartum data collection form, using information the women themselves, and information in their files. Interventions Preeclampsia education and counseling program: We prepared a preeclampsia education booklet in accordance with the literature, (American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, 2013; Kasawara et al., 2012; Lisonkova and Joseph, 2013; You et al., 2012b). The content of the booklet was guided by the opinion of experts. It was written in easily understandable language and contained attractive and colorful illustrations. This booklet contents were definition and risk factors for the development of preeclampsia, maternal and fetal damages, recommendations for preventing its development (diet, rest, study, exercise, coping with stress techniques), follow‐up of symptoms at home (blood pressure, weight and edema follow‐up, counting fetal movements), danger signs, drug use, follow up in hospital, risk of developing in subsequent pregnancies, and its results. Pregnant women in the study group were given education and counseling at four times in addition to standard care, using the preeclampsia education booklet, in a special place. The participants' questions were answered, and each received a copy of the booklet. Pregnant women in the control group received standard prenatal care. Necessary reminders were made to attend regular follow‐ups and their questions were answered during these. The researcher allowed participants to call her for consultations at any time. Statistical analysis Data were analyzed using IBM SPSS version 22.0 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA) and p<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Descriptive statistics for the variables determined by counting; number and percentage (%); for the variables determined by measurement, mean±standard deviation (X ± SD), median and minimum‐maximum (min‐max) values were used. The conformity of continuous variables to normal distribution was evaluated by Kolmogorov Smirnov Test. To compare the groups for discrete variables; Chi‐Square Test or Fisher Exact Test, for continuous variables; Student t Test or Mann‐Whitney U Test were used. ANOVA was used for group comparisons for repeated measurements, and Bonferroni Test was used as post‐hoc test. The error level was determined as 0.05 for all analyzes.
 The use of oral antidiabetic drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome;  The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age. It is a complex metabolic‐endocrine disorder with severe long‐term health consequences like type 2 diabetes. The increased risk for cardiovascular diseases in women with PCOS is due to diabetes, adipositas and dyslipidemia. Insulin resistance plays a key role in the pathophysiology of this syndrome. This makes the use of oral antidiabetic drugs most compelling. The majority of studies have shown amelioration of the typical symptoms like hyperandrogenism and cycle irregularities. Ovulation and pregnancy rates increased. Furthermore these drugs might be cardioprotective by improving insulin sensitivity and reduce the risk for type 2 diabetes. This article reviews the use of different oral antidiabetic drugs in the treatment of PCOS and their influence on fertility, the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
 Diet and exercise interventions among overweight and obese lactating women: randomized trial of effects on cardiovascular risk factors;  OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of Diet (D) and Exercise (E) interventions on cardiovascular fitness, waist circumference, blood lipids, glucose metabolism, inflammation markers, insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) and blood pressure in overweight and obese lactating women. METHODS: At 10‐14 wk postpartum, 68 Swedish women with a self‐reported pre‐pregnancy BMI of 25‐35 kg/m(2) were randomized to a 12‐wk behavior modification treatment with D, E, both or control using a 2×2 factorial design. The goal of D treatment was to reduce body weight by 0.5 kg/wk, accomplished by decreasing energy intake by 500 kcal/d and monitoring weight loss through self‐weighing. The goal of E treatment was to perform 4 45‐min walks per wk at 60‐70% of max heart‐rate using a heart‐rate monitor. Effects were measured 12 wk and 1 y after randomization. General Linear Modeling was used to study main and interaction effects adjusted for baseline values of dependent variable. RESULTS: There was a significant main effect of the D treatment, decreasing waist circumference (P = 0.001), total cholesterol (P = 0.007), LDL‐cholesterol (P = 0.003) and fasting insulin (P = 0.042), at the end of the 12‐wk treatment. The decreased waist circumference (P<0.001) and insulin (P = 0.024) was sustained and HDL‐cholesterol increased (P = 0.005) at the 1‐y follow‐up. No effects from the E treatment or any interaction effects were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary behavior modification that produced sustained weight loss among overweight and obese lactating women also improved risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. This intervention may not only reduce weight‐related risks with future pregnancies but also long‐term risk for metabolic disease. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01343238.
 Diet and exercise interventions among overweight and obese lactating women: randomized trial of effects on cardiovascular risk factors;  OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of Diet (D) and Exercise (E) interventions on cardiovascular fitness, waist circumference, blood lipids, glucose metabolism, inflammation markers, insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1) and blood pressure in overweight and obese lactating women. METHODS: At 10‐14 wk postpartum, 68 Swedish women with a self‐reported pre‐pregnancy BMI of 25‐35 kg/m(2) were randomized to a 12‐wk behavior modification treatment with D, E, both or control using a 2×2 factorial design. The goal of D treatment was to reduce body weight by 0.5 kg/wk, accomplished by decreasing energy intake by 500 kcal/d and monitoring weight loss through self‐weighing. The goal of E treatment was to perform 4 45‐min walks per wk at 60‐70% of max heart‐rate using a heart‐rate monitor. Effects were measured 12 wk and 1 y after randomization. General Linear Modeling was used to study main and interaction effects adjusted for baseline values of dependent variable. RESULTS: There was a significant main effect of the D treatment, decreasing waist circumference (P = 0.001), total cholesterol (P = 0.007), LDL‐cholesterol (P = 0.003) and fasting insulin (P = 0.042), at the end of the 12‐wk treatment. The decreased waist circumference (P<0.001) and insulin (P = 0.024) was sustained and HDL‐cholesterol increased (P = 0.005) at the 1‐y follow‐up. No effects from the E treatment or any interaction effects were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary behavior modification that produced sustained weight loss among overweight and obese lactating women also improved risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. This intervention may not only reduce weight‐related risks with future pregnancies but also long‐term risk for metabolic disease. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01343238.
 Effects of lemon balm extract on depression, anxiety, sleep quality and hs-CRP in comparison with control group in patients with type II diabetes and depression;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Taking orally 2 herbal capsules of 350 mg mellissa officinalis extract per day ( one after Lunch and one after Dinner) for 3 months. Capsules are provided in Institute of Medicinal Plants affiliated with ACECR. Intervention 2: Placebo group: Taking orally 2 similar capsules of toasted flour per day for 3 months. Intervention group: Taking orally 2 herbal capsules of 350 mg mellissa officinalis extract per day ( one after Lunch and one after Dinner) for 3 months. Capsules are provided in Institute of Medicinal Plants affiliated with ACECR Placebo Placebo group: Taking orally 2 similar capsules of toasted flour per day for 3 months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: E10, E11, Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Beck Anxiety Questionnaire. Depression. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Beck Depression Questionnaire. FBS. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Sleep quality. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Weight (kg) /height2 (m2). BP. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Digital sphygmomanometer. Energy intake. Timepoint: Before intervention and 6 and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: 24‐hour dietary recall. Physical activity. Timepoint: Before intervention and 6 and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: International Physical Activity Questionarre. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Elastic tape. Weight. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Seca scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria are: getting at least 11 scores in the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI‐II); Patients aged 20 to 65 years for both sexes; The body mass index less than 35 kg/m2; no pregnancy or lactation; triglycerides less than 400 mg/dl; HbA1c < % 8; using a common diabetes drug (metformin and glibenclamide). Exclusion criteria are: Lack of any co‐disorders including cardiovascular, liver, renal, allergic and infectious diseases as well as thyroid disorders and glaucoma; taking non steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS), anti depression or estrogen and progesterone.
 Efficacy of Dexmedetomidine infusion on the bleeding in endoscopic sinus surgery;  INTERVENTION: First group: Dexmedetomidine 1/mg /kg in 10 mL of saline 9/0% during the 10 minutes before induction of anesthesia and then infusion continues at a dose of 0.2 to 1/mg/kg/hr. Intervention 1: First group: Dexmedetomidine 1/mg /kg in 10 mL of saline 9/0% during the 10 minutes before induction of anesthesia and then infusion continues at a dose of 0.2 to 1/mg/kg/hr. Intervention 2: second group: receive only anesthesia similar to the first group without infusion of Dexmedetomidine. Prevention second group: receive only anesthesia similar to the first group without infusion of Dexmedetomidine. CONDITION: Chronic sinusitis Chronic sinusitis. ; Chronic sinusitis PRIMARY OUTCOME: The amount of bleeding during surgery. Timepoint: in time intervals between 15; 30; 60 and 90 minutes. Method of measurement: scale Boezaart. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Duration of surgery. Timepoint: in time intervals between 15; 30; 60 and 90 minutes. Method of measurement: clock. Heart rate. Timepoint: in time intervals between 15; 30; 60 and 90 minutes. Method of measurement: Electrocardiogram. Surgeon satisfaction. Timepoint: in time intervals between 15; 30; 60 and 90 minutes. Method of measurement: Likert scale. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure and Mean Arterial Pressure. Timepoint: in time intervals between 15; 30; 60 and 90 minutes. Method of measurement: Mercury manometers. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients aged between 16‐60 years who undergo endoscopic sinus surgery; those with hemoglobin more than 10 mg/dL; normal clotting time and bleeding time; normal PT; PTT; INR; no history of airways problems and systemic disease or Mental disorders; no history of the anesthetic drugs sensitivity or any other medication and no history of bleeding disorders (such as hemophilia) ;Exclusion criteria: Use of anticoagulants such as heparin 48 hours before surgery; history of acute and chronic renal failure; diabetes; stroke; coronary artery disease; hypertension; deep vein thrombosis; pulmonary embolism; peripheral vascular diseases; pregnancy.
 Publication trends in acupuncture research: a 20-year bibliometric analysis based on pubMed;  Objective Acupuncture has become popular and widely practiced in many countries around the world. Despite the large amount of acupuncture‐related literature that has been published, broader trends in the prevalence and scope of acupuncture research remain underexplored. The current study quantitatively analyzes trends in acupuncture research publications in the past 20 years. Methods A bibliometric approach was used to search PubMed for all acupuncture‐related research articles including clinical and animal studies. Inclusion criteria were articles published between 1995 and 2014 with sufficient information for bibliometric analyses. Rates and patterns of acupuncture publication within the 20 year observational period were estimated, and compared with broader publication rates in biomedicine. Identified eligible publications were further analyzed with respect to study type/design, clinical condition addressed, country of origin, and journal impact factor. Results A total of 13,320 acupuncture‐related publications were identified using our search strategy and eligibility criteria. Regression analyses indicated an exponential growth in publications over the past two decades, with a mean annual growth rate of 10.7%. This compares to a mean annual growth rate of 4.5% in biomedicine. A striking trend was an observed increase in the proportion of randomized clinical trials (RCTs), from 7.4% in 1995 to 20.3% in 2014, exceeding the 4.5% proportional growth of RCTs in biomedicine. Over the 20 year period, pain was consistently the most common focus of acupuncture research (37.9% of publications). Other top rankings with respect to medical focus were arthritis, neoplasms/cancer, pregnancy or labor, mood disorders, stroke, nausea/vomiting, sleep, and paralysis/palsy. Acupuncture research was conducted in 60 countries, with the top 3 contributors being China (47.4%), United States (17.5%), and United Kingdom (8.2%). Retrieved articles were published mostly in complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) journals with impact factors ranging between 0.7 and 2.8 in the top 20 journals, followed by journals specializing in neuroscience, pain, anesthesia/analgesia, internal medicine and comprehensive fields. Conclusion Acupuncture research has grown markedly in the past two decades, with a 2‐fold higher growth rate than for biomedical research overall. Both the increases in the proportion of RCTs and the impact factor of journals support that the quality of published research has improved. While pain was a consistently dominant research focus, other topics gained more attention during this time period. These findings provide a context for analyzing strengths and gaps in the current state of acupuncture research, and for informing a comprehensive strategy for further advancing the field.
 Effects of lemon balm extract on glycemic criteria, lipid profile, hs-CRP and antioxidant status in patients with type II diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Taking orally 2 herbal capsules of 350 mg mellissa officinalis extract per day ( one after Lunch and one after Dinner) for 3 months. Capsules are provided in Institute of Medicinal Plants affiliated with ACECR. Intervention 2: Placebo group: Taking orally 2 similar capsules of toasted flour per day for 3 months. CONDITION: E10, E11, Type 2 diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Apo A‐1. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Immunoturbidimetry. Apo B. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Immunoturbidimetry. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. FBS. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. HbA1c. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: High Performance Liquid Chromatography. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR). Timepoint: before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Formula. LDL‐C. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald formula. TC. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. TG. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Colorimetry (FRAP). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Weight (kg) /height2 (m2). BP. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. Energy intake. Timepoint: Before intervention and 6 and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: 24‐hour dietary recall. Physical activity. Timepoint: Before intervention and 6 and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: International Physical Activity Questionarre. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Elastic tape. Weight. Timepoint: Before the experiment and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Seca scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria are: Patients aged 20 to 65 years for both sexes; The body mass index less than 35 kg/m2; no pregnancy or lactation; triglycerides less than 400 mg/dl; HbA1c < % 8; using a common diabetes drug (metformin and glibenclamide). Exclusion criteria are: Lack of any co‐disorders including cardiovascular, liver, renal, allergic and infectious diseases as well as thyroid disorders and glaucoma; taking non steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS) or estrogen and progesterone.
 The effect of self-care education on Gestational Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Control group:Based on the needs assessment that will be conducted by completing the Lifestyle Questionnaire, a two hour training session( Self‐care behaviors training )will hold on the 12th week as a lecture for the case group.The practical self‐care educations associated with three important behaviors including nutrition, weight management and physical activities.. CONDITION: Gestational Diabetes. ; ????? ??????? ???????? XVO24.4 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Self‐care education. Timepoint: Five months after the intervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Gestational Diabetes. Timepoint: Three months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose tolerance test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Gestational age less than 12 weeks Single pregnancy Lack of obesity  (BMI over 30) Lack of Previous Gestational Diabetes Lack of chronic disease (chronic blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, blood, thyroid, autoimmune)
 Do subsequent pregnancies following the diagnosis of mild gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal cardiometabolic disorders?;  OBJECTIVE: Women who had gestational diabetes in one pregnancy are at increased risk for cardiovascular and metabolic dysfunction later in life. It is not known whether subsequent pregnancies exacerbate this risk. Our objective was to assess the impact of subsequent pregnancy(ies) on markers of maternal cardiometabolic risk at 4.5‐ 10 years after an index pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: This is a planned secondary analysis of a RCT of women with mild GDM randomized to either usual prenatal care or dietary intervention and self‐monitoring of blood glucose. Non‐pregnant participants were evaluated between 4.5‐10 years after enrollment in the parent study. Serum triglycerides, HDL‐cholesterol, glucose tolerance, blood pressure, waist circumference, and other anthropometric measurements were evaluated. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed when at least three of the following were present or treated: blood pressure of >/= 130/85 mmHg, waist circumference >88 cm, fasting glucose >/= 100 mg/dl, triglycerides >/= 150 mg/dl, or HDL‐C < 50 mg/dl. RESULTS: Of the 905 eligible women from the original trial, 457 participated in the follow‐up study, 426 of whom were included in this analysis. Of these, 214 had no subsequent pregnancies since the index pregnancy (Group A), 145 women had one subsequent pregnancy (Group B) and 67 women had two or more subsequent pregnancies (Group C). Women in Group A were significantly older (38.1 +/‐ 5.3 years) than women in Groups B (35.2 +/‐ 4.8 years) and C (33.4 +/‐ 4.7 years) (p < 0.001). There were no significant differences between the groups in self‐reported demographic information, smoking status, beast feeding in the index pregnancy, dietary intake or minutes per week of vigorous physical activity. There were no differences in the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome between Groups A, B and C (35%, 34%, 25%, respectively, p=0.36). Laboratory and physical examination findings are shown in the Table. CONCLUSION: In women with a previous diagnosis of mild GDM, subsequent pregnancies have no impact on maternal cardiometabolic disease risk markers and development of metabolic syndrome at 4.5‐10 years after the index GDM pregnancy. (Table presented).
 Effects of Inspiratory Muscle Training (IMT) on Balance Ability and Quality of Life of Diabetes Mellitus Patients;  Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is a chronic metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia due to either deficiency of insulin or the inability of the body to utilize it. Hyperglycemia ultimately leads to multiple organ damage in patients with uncontrolled diabetes. The incidence occurs mostly at the age of 55 years equally affecting both genders. The prevalence of diabetes has been increased four times in the last three decades worldwide and global prevalence is increasing alarmingly with about 1 out of every 11 individuals having diabetes mellitus with 90% patients having type 2 diabetes mellitus. The statistical data depicts a huge burden of disease both in morbidity and mortality globally and an anticipated threat on health care system in future. (1) The complications of diabetes have been reported higher in the South Asia region as compared to western counterparts. In Pakistan, according to National Diabetes Survey of Pakistan (NDSP 2016 ‐ 2017), the pooled prevalence of diabetes was projected to be 26.3% affecting 27.4 million people above 20 years of age. These high numbers are directly and indirectly linked with the economic burden on society and ultimately affect the quality of life of diabetics, families, and community. Clinically, there are different complications (micro & macro vascular) associated with DM and these are main sources of morbidity and mortality. Neuropathy, nephropathy, and retinopathy are the microvascular complications whereas macrovascular complications include cardiovascular diseases, stroke as well as other vascular diseases. Apart from these complications, there are few other complications including decreased resistance to infections, dental issues, birth complications in gestational diabetes, poor balance, sarcopenia and increased risk of fall and fractures. The reduced strength and endurance of diaphragm the vital muscle of respiration lead to compromised respiratory functions. Peripheral neuropathy, retinopathy and vestibular impairments alter the biomechanical stability and strength of postural control in individuals with DM. The instability generates disparity among muscular and neural structures to execute locomotion abilities, so abnormal gait pattern, weakness in lower limb musculature, impair sensory function, diminished reflexes and high fall risk have been observed. These musculoskeletal complications compromise the mobility level and impede the performance of functional tasks and Activities of Daily Life (ADLs) in patients with DM. The limited movements and participation restrictions in social activities create inaccessibility and dependence on caregiver has been increased. The overall activity level has been declined and decreases the quality of life of individuals and ultimately developing social and economic burden on community. Management of DM always emphases to improve the current health status and prevent further complications due to uncontrolled DM. Multiple management approaches have been reported in the literature to maintain adequate glycemic control and manage diabetes related complications and co morbidities. Treatment strategies also focus to maximize the quality of life and minimize the risk of treatment related complications including hypoglycemia. Balance and postural impairments are common in DM due to neuropathic changes and there are different training strategies have been documented in literature to improve postural stability and reduce fall risk. The training approaches include Tai Chi, Wii Fit based training, circuit training, strengthening exercises of lower limbs, gait training and task oriented dynamic training to enhance the overall balance abilities. The central trunk stability and core strength are integral part of postural stability and balance but there is limited evidence to address these for balance training in DM. There is lacking evidence in literature on specific training targeting the central trunk and core strength to improve the balance ability, reduces fall risk and improve quality of life in DM patients. Inspiratory Muscle Training (IMT) is a device‐based training and widely used therapeutic technique for improving inspiratory muscle strength and endurance, thoracic mobility, exercise capacity, reducing dyspnea and increasing quality of life. Recently, IMT has been used to improve balance and physical performance among elderly. How IMT is a useful intervention to improve cardiopulmonary function, postural control and quality of life? The underlying mechanism of IMT principal and clinical implications has three‐fold mechanisms: First: Diaphragm thickness and strength enhances balance in two ways. Firstly, there is activation of diaphragm during upper limb movements indicating that the co‐activation of diaphragm assists in the mechanical stabilization of the spine. Secondly, it plays a major role in the generation of intra‐abdominal pressure which helps in the stabilization of lumbar spine during movements like shoulder abduction and adduction i.e., balance perturbations. These changes will improve the lower limb mobility, quadriceps strength, functional performance, postural control response and exercise tolerance among individuals. It creates an overall impact on enhanced balance strategies, physical performance and postural stability in elderly and other pathological conditions including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), cystic fibrosis and stroke. Second: Increases in diaphragmatic mobility and hypertrophy as well as improved neural control and thickness of respiratory muscles including transversus abdominus and internal obliques leads to increase in exercise capacity, pulmonary function and decreased perceived breathlessness and exertion in the patients. It will increase the strength of respiratory muscles ultimately proving it to be an effective treatment strategy in COPD, chronic heart failure, multiple sclerosis and various respiratory diseases. Third: IMT exerts certain ergogenic effects through increasing diaphragmatic mobility and strength thereby improving the recovery time in sprinters, limiting cardiac sympathetic hyperactivity in cyclists and enhance rowing performance. Therefore, it can be hypothesized that IMT is not only effective for improving cardiopulmonary function but is also strongly linked with postural stability. The disease burden of DM is growing rapidly, and multiple complications have been reported including cardiopulmonary and high fall risk which declines the overall quality of life. IMT can be useful technique to improve the physical and functional performance, reduce the severity of complications and enable the individuals to become active members of community. The current study is intended to evaluate the dual effects of IMT on postural stability and pulmonary function of diabetic patients.
 Effects of coenzyme Q10 on paraxonase, total antioxidant capacity, malondialdehyde, hs-CRP, lipid profile and glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive daily 150 mg CoQ10 as three divided doses for 12 weeks. Each capsule consists of 50 mg CoQ10. Intervention 2: Placebo group will receive daily three capsules containing corn flour for12 weeks. Intervention group will receive daily 150 mg CoQ10 as three divided doses for 12 weeks. Each capsule consists of 50 mg CoQ10. Placebo Placebo group will receive daily three capsules containing corn flour for12 weeks. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: HbA1c. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: chromatography. HDL. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: precipitation. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: turbidometry. LDL. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald formula. MDA. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Paraxonase. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. TC. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: FRAP. Triglyceride. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Gop‐PAP. SECONDARY OUTCOME: FBS. Timepoint: before intervaention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic. Insuline. Timepoint: before intervaention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: RIA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐ Patients with type 2 diabetes 2‐ Willing to participate 3‐ Duration of type 2 diabetes > 1 year 4‐ HbA1c<9% 5‐TG<400 mg/dL Exclusion criteria: 1‐BMI>40 2‐ Past history of MI or stroke 3‐Patients with any of the following conditions: liver disease, kidney disease, or thyroid disease 4‐Supplement use for at least 8 weeks before intervention till the end of study 5‐ Treatment with warfarin 6‐BP>160/90 7‐Pregnancy and lactation 8‐Compliance<70% 9‐Change in type or dose of medication for at least 8 weeks before intervention till the end of study 10‐Treatment with insulin
 The effect of educational intervention of “My Plate” dietary guideline on anthropometric factors, Fasting Blood Sugar (FBS), glycosylated hemoglobin and blood pressure in patients with diabetes type 2;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group/Two‐ hours face to face educational intervention according to Food Guide "My plate" with a training package offered by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and followed for 3 months. Intervention 2: The control group/ received two‐ hours training of nutrition education of IRANIAN Diabetes Association's guidelines at baseline, based on lectures and group session. Intervention group/Two‐ hours face to face educational intervention according to Food Guide "My plate" with a training package offered by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and followed for 3 months The control group/ received two‐ hours training of nutrition education of IRANIAN Diabetes Association's guidelines at baseline, based on lectures and group session CONDITION: diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus without complications E 11.9 Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus without complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. BMI. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: mathematics. Cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury barometer. Fasting blood suger. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. HbA1C. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Chromatography. HDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Height. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Stadiometer. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Non‐elastic meter. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. LDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Percent of body fat mass. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Body state set. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury barometer. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Triglycerides. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Non‐elastic meter. Waist to hip ratio (WHR). Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: mathematics. Weight. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Aged 30‐50 years, A definitive diagnosis of type 2 diabetes with no insulin therapy; subject satisfaction; Lack of pregnancy and lactation; lack of Having kidney failure, heart disease, thyroid and other inflammatory disease and Not taking anti‐inflammatory drugs. Exclusion Criteria : Pregnancy and lactation ; Having kidney failure, heart disease, thyroid and other inflammatory disease and taking anti‐inflammatory drugs. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Calcium. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Carbohydrate intake. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Decoxahexanoeic acid. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Eicosapentaenoic acid. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Energy intake. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Fat intake. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Fiber Intake. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Iron. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Linoleic acid. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Linolenic acid. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Non‐saturated fat. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Oleic acid. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Protein intake. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Saturated Fat. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Sodium. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Vitamin A. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Vitamin C. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Vitamin D. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Vitamin E. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Vitamin K. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall. Zinc. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: recall.
 Phase IIb safety and efficacy study of different oral doses of BAY 94-8862 in subjects with worsening chronic heart failure and left ventricular systolic dysfunction and either type 2 diabetes mellitus with or without chronic kidney disease or moderate chronic kidney disease alone;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 10 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 10 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 7.5 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 7.5 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 7.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 5 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 5 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 2.5 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 2.5 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: INSPRA 25 mg Product Name: Eplerenone 25 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: EPLERENONE CAS Number: 107724‐20‐9 Other descripti CONDITION: Subjects with worsening chronic heart failure (WCHF) and left ventricular systolic dysfunction and either type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM type 2) with or without chronic kidney disease (CKD) or moderate chronic kidney disease alone ; MedDRA version: 16.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10064848 Term: Chronic kidney disease System Organ Class: 100000004857 ; MedDRA version: 16.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 100000004861 ; MedDRA version: 16.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10066498 Term: Cardiac failure chronic aggravated System Organ Class: 100000004849 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. To assess the effects of these doses on a composite endpoint of death from any cause, cardiovascular hospitalizations, or emergency presentations for worsening chronic heart failure (WCHF) ; 2. To assess the effects of these doses on B‐type natriuretic peptide (BNP), and NT‐proBNP ; 3. To assess the change in health‐related quality of life assessed by the Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire and EuroQol Group 5 dimension, 3 level questionnaire ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 1. Until V9 (Day 90) ; 2. Visit 5 (Day 30), Visit 7 (Day 60), and Visit 9 (Day 90) ; 3. From baseline to Visit 5 (Day 30) and Visit 9 (Day 90) INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Men and women aged 18 years and older. The lower age limit may be higher if legally requested in the participating country. • Subjects with worsening chronic heart failure requiring emergency presentation to hospital and treatment with intravenous diuretics at hospital • Subjects with clinical diagnosis of CHF either ischemic or non ischemic, NYHA functional class II ‐IV PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Primary objective of the study is to investigate efficacy and safety of different oral doses of BAY 94‐8862 given once daily over 90 days; Primary end point(s): Percentage of subjects with a relative decrease in NT‐proBNP of more than 30% from baseline to Visit 9 (Day 90±2) Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives are: ; ‐ To assess the effects of these doses on a composite endpoint of death from any cause, cardiovascular hospitalizations, or emergency presentations for worsening chronic heart failure until Visit 9 (Day 90±2); ‐ To assess the effects of these doses on BNP, and NT‐proBNP at Visit 5 (Day 30±2), Visit 7 (Day 60±2), and Visit 9 (Day 90±2); ‐ To assess the change in health‐related quality of life from baseline to Visit 5 (Day 30±2) and Visit 9 (Day 90±2) assessed by the Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire and EQ‐5D‐3L; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Day 90 • Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative and if they agree to use adequate contraception when sexually active. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). • Subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus and / or Subjects with 30 mL/min/1.73m2 < or = eGFR < or = 60 mL/min/1.73m2 (MDRD)(23) at screeni
 The Need to Consider Pro-Active Treatment for Cerebral Artery Conditional Blood Velocity Determined By Transcranial Doppler Ultrasonography (TCD) in Sickle Cell Disease (SCD);  Introduction Cerebral artery peak systolic blood velocity (PSV) or timed average mean of the maximum blood velocity (TAMMV) determined by TCD in children of age 2‐16 years with SCD is normal (NV) if TAMMV <170 cm/sec or PSV <200 cm/sec; abnormal (AV) if TAMMV > 200cm/s or PSV > 250 cm/sec; and conditional (CV) if TAMMV is 170‐199cm/sec or PSV 200‐249 cm/sec. Internal carotid (ICA) or middle cerebral (MCA) artery AV is associated with a stroke risk of 10% /year, CV a risk of 3‐4% /year [Adams et al. Long‐Term stroke risk in children with SCD screened with TCD. Ann Neurol 1997; 42: 699‐704]. Blood transfusion or hydroxycarbamide is used to treat AV, but active treatment is currently not considered the standard of care for conditional velocity, although it could progress to abnormal values. ObjectiveTo evaluate the need for pro‐active treatment of cerebral artery conditional blood velocity in children of age 2‐16 years with SCD. Methods Following IRB approval and informed consent/assent, 308 children with SCD (126 girls and 182 boys, age 2‐16 years) had TCD to determine PSV (n=193) or TAMMV (n=115) in the MCA, ICA and anterior cerebral arteries (ACA). This design was to make the research findings relevant to hospitals with TCD equipment that measure either PSV or TAMMV. Exclusion criteria were blood transfusion in the previous 4 months, therapy with hydroxycarbamide, omega‐3 fatty acids or other agents that affect the severity of SCD, pregnancy, breast feeding, chronic disorders unrelated to SCD (such as diabetes mellitus) and stroke. Children with AV were started on a blood transfusion program. Those with conditional PSV were randomized in a 2:1 ratio to receive either standard care of SCD and active treatment with omega‐3 fatty acids and potassium thiocyanate, or standard care only. After 3 months, measurement of PSV in the ICA, MCA and ACA was repeated. Study data were analysed with the Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 23 (IBM, USA). ResultsIn the TAMMV cohort of 115 children, 96 (84%) had NV, 7 (6%) AV, and 12 (10%) CV. Figure 1 shows the cumulative frequency of TAMMV in the MCA where most AV and CV occurred. In the PSV cohort of 193 children, 150 (77.7%) had NV, 7 (3.6%) AV, and 36 (18.7%) CV. There were no significant differences in gender or age distribution between the PSV and TAMMV cohorts. Altogether, cerebral artery blood velocity was normal in 246/308 children (80%), abnormal in 14 (4.5%) and conditional in 48 (15.5%). The PSV in 21 patients randomized to active treatment of conditional blood velocity or standard SCD care are shown in Table 1. After 3 months, PSV reduced to normal (<200cm/sec) in a significantly higher proportion (11/14 or 79%) of children on active treatment compared with 3/7 (43%) on standard care only, p = 0.04. Change in the right MCA median PSV showed a significant difference of 54cm/sec between children on active treatment who had a reduction from 201.5 cm/sec to 169.5 cm/s, and the standard care group with a rise from 184cm/s to 206 cm/sec (p = 0.018). One of 7 patients on standard care (14%) but none of 14 on active treatment (0%) had progression of PSV from conditional to abnormal. Reduction in conditional velocity following active treatment has been reported from other studies [Lagunju et al, Pediatr Blood Cancer 2015;62:1587‐91; Estepp et al. Br J Haematol 2021;194:463‐8]. Although not statistically significant, pre/post‐treatment median steady state Hb level in actively treated patients showed an upward trend [6.8/7.3g/dl]; and the median platelet count a downward trend: 278/235 x10 9/l. The standard care group had opposite, but also not significant, trends: 7.45/7.0 g/dl, 224/261 x10 9/l. Discussion and Conclusion The 15.5% prevalence of conditional velocity translates to 15,500 /100,000 children born annually with SCD in our country, or 46,500 worldwide, of whom 1,860 (4%) may have stroke. If 14% of CV progress to AV, that is 6,510/year globally. If all are not treated, a reality in resource‐limited places, any number up to 651 (10%) may develop stroke. The annual incidence, cumulative prevalence and progression rates of CV, and the significant difference in the proportion that revert to NV on active treatment compared to standard care only, suggest that there is need to consider CV for active treatment. This will prevent the cumulation of more than 1,860 children who develop stroke every year with its health, psychosocial and economic burden to the patients, their families and society.
 Trigger Timing in Ovarian Stimulations;  The objective of this study is to conduct a single center clinical trial, to study whether delay two days of trigger will obtain more good‐quality embryos than regular trigger timing in ovarian stimulations by antagonist protocol in in vitro fertilization. Which may further improve culmulative live birth rate (CLBR). The results of this study will help infertile couples and clinicians to know and choose the optimal treatment in antagonist protocol. We plan a single center, open‐label, randomized controlled clinical trial (1:1 treatment ratio). On the day of regular trigger timing day (three follicles reach 17mm) or two days later. 36‐38 hours after trigger, oocyte retrieval will be applying in both group with same protocol. Then IVF/ICSI and embryo culture with standard protocol in assisted reproductive treatments in our center will be implemented similarly. Information of all participants and outcomes are recorded in the case report form. The flow chart followed SPIRIT checklist showing enrollment, allocation, treatment, and follow‐up of participants. Inclusion Criteria: ‐ Age: ≥18 and <35 years old ‐ Antral follicle count (AFC): ≥5 and <20 ‐ Anti‐mullerian hormone (AMH): ≥1.1 ng/mL and <2.5 ng/mL ‐ Body mass index (BMI): ≥18.5 Kg/m2 and <29 Kg/m ‐ First or second ART cycle ‐ Regular menstrual cycles (between 22 and 35 days) ‐ Two ovaries present ‐ Planned for single or double day 3 transfer ‐ Infertile couples scheduled for their first IVF/ICSI cycle with fixed antagonist protocol. ‐ Informed consent obtained. Exclusion criteria: ‐ Women with contraindication for IVF or ICSI, such as poorly controlled type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus; undiagnosed liver disease or dysfunction (based on serum liver enzyme test results); renal disease or abnormal serum renal function; significant anemia; history of deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolus or cerebrovascular accident; uncontrolled hypertension or known symptomatic heart disease; history of (or suspected) cervical carcinoma, endometrial carcinoma or breast carcinoma; and undiagnosed vaginal bleeding. ‐ Previous history of poor ovarian response (<4 oocytes retrieved) with a maximal dose of ovarian stimulation (OS) (≥300 IU/day) or ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS), regardless of gonadotropin dose ‐ Known reasons for impaired implantation (i.e. hydrosalpinx, fibroid distorting the endometrial cavity, Asherman's syndrome, thrombophilia or endometrial tuberculosis) ‐ Repeated miscarriages (>2 previous biochemical pregnancies or >2 spontaneous miscarriages) ‐ Recurrent implantation failure (>3 failed cycles with good quality embryos) ‐ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) ‐ Untreated thyroid disfunction ‐ Administration of exogenous E2, P4 or gonadotropins in the preceding menstrual cycle ‐ Active female smoking ‐ Ongoing pregnancy ‐ Women who have previously enrolled in the trial ‐ Those unable to comprehend the investigational nature of the proposed study ‐ either male partner or female partner has to receive donor sperm or donor eggs. ‐ Either male partner or female partner has to receive preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD) and preimplantation genetic screening (PGS). Withdrawal criteria: ‐ Participants who are unwilling to continue the trial procedures or withdraw the informed consent. ‐ Participants who appear poor compliance during the trial, and researchers confirm it is necessary to discontinue their study. N1 and N2 are the number of items sampled from each population. To conserve resources, they should be small. Alpha is the probability of rejecting a true null hypothesis. It should be small. ‐ Loss to follow‐up. Recruitment Infertile couples who come to outpatient clinic will be screened as part of routine assessment by trained clinical team who are very familiar with the eligible criteria. Eligible patients will then be approached by a member of the research team and explained the trial details before controlled ovarian hyperstimulation (COH). After this information, couples will be offered time for consideration to decide to participate the trial. If the couple agrees to participate, they will make an appointment to sign the consent before COH. Couples that refuse participation, will receive conventional care. An individual record of all non‐recruited patients and reasons for exclusion will be obtained and storage. Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation All patients will receive fixed antagonist protocol of COH treatment, which is performed by standard routines at each study center. Treatment will start on day 2 or day 3 of the spontaneous menstrual cycle, and the baseline pelvic ultrasound, as well as basic serum hormones (such as FSH, luteinizing hormone (LH), progesterone (P) and β‐hCG) will be tested to confirm the folic status. All participants will be subcutaneous injected rFSH. The initial dosage of rFSH is 200IU and the subsequent dose will be adjusted according to the ovary status. Transvaginal B‐mode ultrasound, urinary LH, and serum E2 will be tested to monitor follicle growth. On day 5 of stimulation, GnRH antagonist 0.25mg daily will be administered subcutaneously until the trigger day (include the trigger day). Group A of trigger is 3 or more follicles reach a diameter ≥17 mm, Group B of trigger is 2 days later than group A with continually Gn. For all patients，GnRH agonist 0.2 + hCG 2000IU will be once injected on trigger day. Oocyte retrieval and preparation Oocyte retrieval is scheduled for 36h (±2) after hCG injection. Routine oocyte pick‐up is performed under Transvaginal ultrasound guidance via 17G oocyte aspiration needle with use of intravenous sedation. The retrieved cumulus oocyte complexes (COC) will be allocated to undergo conventional IVF or ICSI. For both groups, the COCs are placed in culture medium covered by lightweight paraffin oil and incubated in a humidified 37℃,5% CO2 incubator after oocyte retrieval immediately. Besides of this, the COCs are incubated for 2‐6h before insemination or injection. For group B (ICSI group), the oocytes will be denuded by hyaluronidase before micromanipulation. Only the mature, metaphase‐Ⅱ(MⅡ) oocytes with an extruded first polar body are microinjected. Embryo transfer and luteal support All cycles are freeze all cycles. Evaluation of pregnancy Urine and blood hCG will be measured 14 days after embryo transfer, and positive results indicate biochemical pregnancy. If the gestational sac is observed with ultrasonography on 7weeks after transfer, clinical pregnancy will be confirmed. Ongoing pregnancy is defined by the presence of a gestational sac with fetal heartbeat after 12 weeks of gestation. Follow‐up For women not diagnosed pregnant in the initial cycle, they will be considered as a negative for outcome in our trial, and subsequently be treated another IVF/ICSI cycle or are evaluated as not suitable for further ART, based on the physician's decision. Beta is the probability of accepting a false null hypothesis. It should be small. Mean1 is the mean of populations 1 and 2 under the null hypothesis of equality. Mean2 is the mean of population 2 under the alternative hypothesis. The mean of population 1 is unchanged. S1 and S2 are the population standard deviations. They represent the variability in the populations. Assessment of fertilization and embryo quality Assessment of fertilization are carried out about 16‐18h (day 1) after fertilization. Oocytes are classed as fertilized if two pronuclei (2PN) are present and the second polar body has been extruded. Other oocytes are classified as abnormally fertilized (0PN, 1PN, 3PN). Normal fertilization rate will be always calculated as the number 2PN over the number of COCs, independent of the nuclear maturity, as well for IVF as for ICSI. After the evaluation on day 1, zygotes are left in culture for a further 48 hours, and the cleavage embryo quality will be observed at 72 (day 3) hours after oocyte retrieval. The embryos are scored according to the quality, numbers, size of the blastomeres and the amount of anucleate fragmentation as follow criteria: Grade 1 embryos consist of symmetrical blastomeres of approximately equal size and without anucleate fragments. Grade 2 embryos had blastomeres of even or uneven size and have <10% of the volume of embryos filled with anucleate fragments. Grade 3 embryos have anucleate fragments occupying between 10% and 50% of the volume of the embryos. Grade 4 embryos have anucleate fragments >50% of the volume of the embryos. For women who are confirmed as ongoing pregnancy, we will arrange 3 telephone interviews during their pregnancy via specific trained nurses. At 12 weeks, 28 weeks, and 37 weeks of gestation (in terms of first‐trimester pregnancy, second‐trimester pregnancy, and third‐trimester pregnancy), pregnancy complications, and fetus information will be collected and recorded to complete the case report form (CRF) comprehensively. Participants will be required to notify researchers of the time of delivery. In 2 weeks after delivery, the delivery information (gestational age, delivery mode, placenta abnormality and/or delivery complications), infant information (such as sex, birth weight, birth defect) will be collected by completing forms designed for this visit. After informed consent obtained, researchers should collect the demographic characteristics, medical record, and vital signs from participants, including birth date, age, height, weight, household income and occupation for demographic characteristics; disease history, operation history and personal history for medical record; body temperature and blood pressure for vital signs. Baseline characteristics of patient's accessory examination, such as chest radiograph, electrocardiogram (ECG), liver enzyme, renal function, HBV/HCV/HIV negative status, syphilis detection, et al. During the study procedures, laboratory tests should be obtained to confirm the eligible criteria and collect study information, including serum sex hormone (E2, LH, FSH, PRL, P, T), ultrasonography, semen analysis, and pregnancy test. Other laboratory indexs will be tested during conventional clinical treatment but not recorded in our study. Statistical Plans Two‐Sample T‐Test Power Analysis Numeric Results for Two‐Sample T‐Test Null Hypothesis: Mean1=Mean2. Alternative Hypothesis: Mean1<Mean2 The standard deviations were assumed to be unknown and equal. Allocation Power N1 N2 Ratio Alpha Beta Mean1 Mean2 S1 S2 0.90041 354 354 1.000 0.02500 0.09959 5.2 6.2 4.1 4.1 Report Definitions Power is the probability of rejecting a false null hypothesis. Power should be close to one. Summary Statements Group sample sizes of 354 and 354 achieve 90% power to detect a difference of ‐1.0 between the null hypothesis that both group means are 5.2 and the alternative hypothesis that the mean of group 2 is 6.2 with estimated group standard deviations of 4.1 and 4.1 and with a significance level (alpha) of 0.02500 using a one‐sided two‐sample t‐test. Considering a 15% dropout rate in the study, 834 patients will be included.
 Continuous positive airway pressure with or without liraglutide in obstructive sleep apnoea and type 2 diabetes (ROMANCE);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Victoza 6 mg/ml solution for injection in pre‐filled pen Product Name: Victoza 6mg/ml solution for injection in pre‐filled pens Product Code: N/A Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled pen INN or Proposed INN: Human glucagon‐like peptide‐1 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) CONDITION: Obstructive Sleep Apnoea and Type 2 Diabetes ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10029983 Term: Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome System Organ Class: 100000014722 ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10067585 Term: Type 2 diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 10027433 ‐ Metabolism and nutrition disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Hormonal diseases [C19] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Primary objective; To determine whether twenty six weeks of Liraglutide treatment (up to 1.8mg) can provide a useful treatment for obese patients with T2DM and OSA, either as a stand‐alone treatment or as an add‐on treatment to continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). We are primarily concerned with change from baseline in AHI (the principal measure of OSA severity). ; ; Primary end point(s): Change in apnoea‐hypopnea index (AHI) from baseline‐post intervention.; ; Although a number of studies using CPAP have instead used the ESS as the primary outcome measure, for the present study, analysis of the ESS may lead to misleading conclusions as excessive daytime sleepiness is very common in obese subjects and is not restricted to those with OSA ‐ particularly in patients with poor glycaemic control (17). Secondary Objective: Using entirely non‐invasive measures to assess changes in fat volume and distribution (visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and liver fat using MRI based techniques), cardiac function using transthoracic echocardiography and flow mediated dilatation. ; ; Additionally the trial will provide useful estimates of daytime sleepiness, quality of life, compliance and adverse events.; ; There is an option for participants to provide additional samples for later biochemical analysis. Adipose tissue biopsies from anterior abdominal wall will be taken in a subset of 8 patients per group. If trial participants are interested the researcher will provide more information and there is a separate PIS and ICF for this procedure. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The trial will run for approximately 3‐years. Pre ‐ post measures will be collected from individual participants at 26‐week time points prior to and following their respective intervention. See protocol for more detail. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Using entirely non‐invasive measures to assess changes in fat volume and distribution (visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and liver fat using MRI based techniques), cardiac function using transthoracic echocardiography and flow mediated dilatation. ; ; 1. HbA1c; 2. Oxygen desaturation index (ODI); 3. Body Composition:; Body weight (kg); Waist: hip ratio; Visceral adipose tissue (VAT); Subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT); Neck tissue volume; Neck fat; 4. Cardiovascular measures:; Flow‐mediated dilation (FMD); Carotid intima‐media thickness (cIMT); Left ventricular tissue velocity; 5. Quality of life:; Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS); Calgary Sleep Apnoea Quality of Life (SAQLI); SF‐36; Oxford Sleep Resistance test (OSLER); ; Efficacy outcomes include:; 1. Compliance:; Liraglutide: non‐compliance is defined as administration of either less than 80% or more than 120% of their prescribed dose of investigational product.; CPAP: non‐compliance is defined as less than 2 hours usage.; 2. Proportion of adverse events; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The trial will run for approximately 3‐years. Pre ‐ post measures will be collected from individual participants at 26‐week time points prior to and following their respective intervention. See protocol for more detail. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age & reproductive status • Males or females, age 18‐75 years. • Reproductive Status: Definition of Women of Child‐Bearing Potential (WOCBP). WOCBP comprises women who have experienced menarche and who have not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or who are not post‐menopausal (see definition below). • WOCBP must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test result (minimum sensitivity 25 IU/L or equivalent units of HCG) within 0 to 72 hours before the first dose of study drug. Clinical requirements • A clinical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. • Glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) = 47mmol/mol. * BMI =30 kg/m2 • Currently treated with either diet or any combination of metformin and sulphonylureas (excluding patients treated with DPP‐IV inhibitors*, pioglitazone or insulin). • No current use of Liraglutide treatment. • Patients with moderate‐severe OSA a
 A Study of the Safety and Effectiveness of Canagliflozin (JNJ-28431754) in Promoting Weight Loss in Overweight and Obese Patients Who do Not Have Diabetes;  The prevalence of obesity is increasing worldwide. Obesity and being overweight are major risk factors for chronic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and stroke, and certain types of cancers. JNJ‐28431754 is being investigated in this study for its possible effectiveness in promoting weight loss when taken over a 12‐week period. The study consists of 3 phases: a pretreatment phase that includes a 7‐day screening period and a 4‐week run‐in period, a 12‐week double‐blind treatment phase (neither the patient nor the investigator will know which treatment the patient is receiving) with an end‐of‐treatment visit, and a posttreatment phase. In the pretreatment phase, after giving written informed consent, patients will undergo screening evaluations. Patients who successfully complete the screening period will enter the 4‐week run‐in period and be given dietary and exercise counseling as standardized non‐drug therapy for weight loss. During the 12 weeks of treatment, all patients will continue on the study diet and exercise non‐drug therapy and will visit the study site about every 3 weeks to have their weight and the results of other safety and effectiveness tests recorded, and to have blood samples collected to measure the concentration of JNJ‐28431754 in their blood. In the posttreatment phase, patients will return to the study site for a follow‐up visit 14 days after receiving their last dose of study drug. Patient safety will be monitored throughout the study using spontaneous adverse event reporting, clinical laboratory tests (hematology, serum chemistry, urinalysis); pregnancy tests; physical examinations; electrocardiograms; vital signs measurements; overnight urine collection to measure albumin excretion; assessment of calcium and phosphate homeostasis (balance), bone formation and reabsorption markers, and hormones regulating calcium and phosphorus homeostasis; and self administered vaginal and urine sample collection for fungal and bacterial culture in subjects with symptoms consistent with vulvovaginal candidiasis and urinary tract infection. Patients will complete 2 questionnaires to record their reactions to taking the study drug and the effect of body weight on their daily lives. About 100 patients of the approximately 400 who qualify for the study, and who consent to this, will take part in 2 oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs). During the OGTTs they will drink a glucose solution and have a series of blood samples collected to measure glucose concentration, collect their urine over a 2 hour period, and (at the second OGTT only) have blood samples collected to measure JNJ 28431754 blood concentrations. The primary clinical theory for this study is that at well‐tolerated doses, JNJ‐28431754 is superior to placebo as measured by the percent change in body weight from baseline (Day 1 of the double‐blind treatment period) through Week 12.
 The effect of Utrica dioica extract on Glucose level and AMPK (Adenosine Monophosphate Activated Protein Kinase)enzyme;  INTERVENTION: Control:placebo Control group(Taking usual diabetes medicines that donot have effect on AMPK level) ingest 20mg/kg of placebo 3 times a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 1: Intervention:drug (HydroAlcholic Utrica dioica Extract) Intervention group (Taking usual diabetes medicines that donot have effect on AMPK level) ingest 20mg/kg of nettle extract 3 time a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Control:placebo Control group(Taking usual diabetes medicines that donot have effect on AMPK level) ingest 20mg/kg of placebo 3 times a day for 8 weeks. Intervention:drug (HydroAlcholic Utrica dioica Extract) Intervention group (Taking usual diabetes medicines that donot have effect on AMPK level) ingest 20mg/kg of nettle extract 3 time a day for 8 weeks. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 type 2 diabet. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 PRIMARY OUTCOME: AMPK (Adenosine Monophosphate Activated Protein Kinaseenzme level. Timepoint: Befor & after intervention. Method of measurement: Immune assay. Glucose blood level. Timepoint: befor & after intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometric assay(kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hb A1C. Timepoint: Before & after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric assay (kit). Insulin. Timepoint: Before & after intervention. Method of measurement: Immune assay. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Fasting blood sugar between110‐ 200 mg/dl; Taking usual diabetes medicines that donot have effect on AMPK enzyme level like metformin and thiazolidinediones; Exclusion criteria:Illness background kidney; cardiovascular; liver. Taking usual diabetes medicines that have effect on AMPK enzyame level like metformin and thiazolidinediones; Pregnancy and Lactating; insulin injection; Smoking and use of alcohol; change in diet and exercise.
 Studing the Effect of Vitamin D Deficiency Treatment on Insulin Resistance;  INTERVENTION: Treatment ‐ Drugs Vitamin D Supplementation Vitamin D Supplementation. CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Type 2 diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin level. Timepoint: Baseline and after intervension. Method of measurement: Laboratory methods with Kits. Leptin level. Timepoint: Baseline and After intervension. Method of measurement: Laboratory methods with Kits. Level of vitamin D. Timepoint: Baseline and After intervension. Method of measurement: Laboratory methods with Kits. Relation between Leptin, Adiponectin and Leptin to Adiponectin ratio after treating 25Hydroxy Vitamin D levels. Timepoint: After intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory kits and then divide Leptin level to Adiponectin level. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age more than 18; Vitamin D deficiency( lower than 30 ng/ml) Exclusion criteria: Age more than 70; Severe underlying disease such as Malignancy, End‐Stage Renal Disease, Cirrhosis, Connective tissue disease, Congestive Heart Failure; Pregnancy; Autoimmune disease such as Lupus; Acute or Chronic Infection; Psychiatric diseases under treatment; Recieving Vitamin D supplement during 1 month before study begins.
 Pregnant Supports and Hemodynamics Responses during Postural Changes and Daily Physical Activities;  INTERVENTION: A daily home‐based loose wear served as control condition.,The elastic band supporting around the abdominal and hip.,A special design pant for pregnant women. Placebo Comparator Other,Experimental Other,Experimental Other The casual wear,The pregnant pelvic band,The pregnant pant CONDITION: maternal wear, ; blood perfusion, ; pregnant, ; last trimester Pregnancy ; maternal wear, ; blood perfusion, ; pregnant, ; last trimester PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cardiovascular function Before, during and after daily activities Hemodynamic monitor SECONDARY OUTCOME: Satisfaction evaluation during put on the different wears (interventions) Satisfaction questionnaire INCLUSION CRITERIA: The last trimester of pregnancy, having good health, no history of cardiorespiratory or musculoskelatal problems, anemia, hypertension, preclampsia, and diabetes mellitus.
 Evaluation of the effect of herbal combination of fenugreek seeds and carrot seeds on sexual function 0fwomen with diabetes type 2,a randomized double-blinded clinical trial;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group consumes 500 mg herbal tablets three times a day. The drug is prescribed to patients for 8 weeks by a non‐researcher, based on masking. The raw materials of this product, which include carrot seeds and fenugreek seeds, are first subjected to quality control tests, including the amount of waste particles, moisture, total ash, and determining the amount of an indicator substance or total essential oil. After determining the quality of each plant, 250 mg of 5% fenugreek seed extract (Fenugreek seed extract) is mixed with 250 mg of carrot seed powder and then sieved and produced in the form of 500 mg tablets with a press machine. Intervention 2: The control group consumes 500 mg placebo tablets made of starch but with a completely similar appearance to the drug three times a day. The placebo is prescribed to patients for 8 weeks by a non‐researcher. CONDITION: E11.8 Type 2 diabetes with sexual dysfunction?. ; Type 2 diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sexual function. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and after two months of taking the drug. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: 2 hours post prandial blood sugar. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and 60 days after starting to take the drug. Method of measurement: Lab test. FBS. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and 60 days after starting to take the drug. Method of measurement: Lab test. HB A1C. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and 60 days after starting to take the drug. Method of measurement: Lab test. Mental health. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and 60 days after starting to take the drug. Method of measurement: questionare. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Married women with type 2 diabetes and sexual dysfunction HBA1C between 7.1 & 8.53. Age between 25 & 55 years diabetic patients should not have systemic diseases such as liver failure, kidney failure, heart failure, thyroid failure, central nervous system disorders, or retinopathy. Absence of pregnancy and breastfeeding Absence of Ovariectomy history and Ovarian agenesis Having a stable life with his wife Married for at least one year
 Comparison the effect of Dexmedetomidine plus Bupivacanie and Bupivacanie on maternal hemodynamic parameters and pain; and neonatal APGAR and arterial blood gases;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Intrathecal injection of 2.5 ml of Bupivacanie 0.5% (Astra Zeneca company, Sweden) plus 5 Âµg of Dexmedetomidine (Pfizer company, US) (total volume of 3.0 ml). Intervention 2: Control group: Intrathecal injection of 2.5 ml of Bupivacanie 0.5% (Astra Zeneca company, Sweden) with half a milliliter of 0.9 % saline (Shahid Ghazi pharmaceutical company) (total volume of 3.0 ml). CONDITION: Cesarean delivery. ; Onset (spontaneous) of labor after 37 completed weeks of gestation but before 39 completed weeks gestation, with delivery by (planned) cesarean section O75.82 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hemodynamic parameters (heart rate and blood pressure). Timepoint: Before and 1, 5,15, 30 and 60 minute after surgery. Method of measurement: Vital‐signs monitoring device. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Arterial blood gases. Timepoint: After birth. Method of measurement: Arterial blood gases analysis. Maternal pain. Timepoint: Before and 1, 6, 12 and 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Visual analogous scale. Neonatal APGAR. Timepoint: 1st and 5th minute after birth. Method of measurement: APGAR scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women with repeated cesarean delivery and more than 39 gestational age Age between 18 to 40 years old Candidate for elective cesarean delivery underwent spinal anesthesia American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status classification system I and II Without history of asthma, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, acute and chronic renal failure, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, peripheral vascular diseases, preeclampsia, eclampsia, seizure, convulsion, and cancers Without history of drug abuse or sedative & hypnotic drugs Without congenital malformation Without history of airway problems and systemic diseases, and preterm labor Without history of medication allergy Without coagulopathy Hemoglobin level above 10 g/dl Normal level of clotting time (CT), bleeding time (BT), prothrombin time (PT), partial thromboplastin time (PTT), and international normalized ratio (INR) Having at least two clinical visit w
 440: early gestational diabetes screening in class III obesity (BMI≥40);  Objective: A recent randomized controlled trial suggested that early gestational diabetes (GDM) screening (14‐20wks) in women with obesity (defined as BMI ≥30) does not improve GDM‐related outcomes. However, ACOG recommends that obese women without other risk factors be screened only if BMI ³40 kg/m2. We aim to evaluate whether early screening for GDM improves pregnancy outcomes in patients with BMI ≥40. Study Design: This was a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial performed at the University of Alabama at Birmingham of obese women with singleton non‐anomalous gestations comparing early GDM screening (14‐20wga) to routine (24‐28wga). Women were included in this analysis if BMI≥40 kg/m2. Exclusion criteria were pregestational diabetes, major medical illnesses (cardiac, hemoglobinopathy, prednisone), bariatric surgery, and prior cesarean. An intention to treat analysis was performed with patient characteristics and outcomes compared by randomization group. Chi squared test of association was performed for categorical measures with relative risks calculated for outcomes. Student T‐test and Wilcoxon rank sum test were used to compare continuous variables. Primary outcome was a composite primary cesarean, macrosomia (>4000g), pregnancy‐induced hypertension, neonatal hypoglycemia (< 40 mg/dL), or neonatal hyperbilirubinemia. Secondary outcome was a composite in patients diagnosed with GDM (Table 2). Results: Of 954 women in the original study, 218 (23%) women were included for analysis. 111 were randomized to early screening and 107 were randomized to routine screening. Baseline characteristics (age, race, BMI, insurance status, and parity) across groups were similar. Early screening did not reduce the incidence of the primary outcome (Table 1). Of the women who were diagnosed with GDM, there was no change in primary composite (Table 2). Conclusion: In women with BMI ≥40 kg/m2, early GDM screening is not beneficial. Recommendations for early GDM screening in this population should continue to be evaluated. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 6: early gestational diabetes screening in obese women: a randomized controlled trial;  Objective: Although ACOG recommends screening obese women early for gestational diabetes (GDM), no studies demonstrate an improvement in perinatal outcomes. We sought to determine whether early GDM screening improves pregnancy outcomes in obese women. Study Design: RCT of obese women (BMI≥30 kg/m2) with non‐anomalous, singleton gestations <20wks comparing early GDM screening (14‐20 wks) to routine (24‐28 wks). GDM screening was performed using a 50‐g, 1‐hr glucose challenge test followed by a 100‐g, 3‐hr glucose tolerance test if ≥135 mg/dL. GDM was diagnosed using Carpenter Coustan criteria. HbA1c was measured on all patients; the provider was notified and GDM diagnosed if ≥6.5. Women not diagnosed at 14‐20 wks were rescreened at 24‐28 wks. Exclusion criteria were diabetes, major medical illness (cardiac, hemoglobinopathy, prednisone), bariatric surgery, and prior cesarean. The primary outcome was a composite of macrosomia (>4000g), primary cesarean, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (PIH), shoulder dystocia, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and neonatal hypoglycemia. We estimated a 50% incidence of the primary composite outcome; to detect a 50% reduction in the GDM patients (α=0.05, β=0.2), 58 GDM patients per group were necessary. The total sample size of 950 estimated a 14% incidence of GDM in obese women. This sample would also have 80% power to detect a 10% absolute change in the primary outcome for the entire population. Results: Of 954 women enrolled, 912 (95.6%) had outcomes. Randomization groups were balanced at baseline for race, BMI, nulliparity, gestational age at randomization, and HbA1c. Of the 454 (49.7%) randomized to early screening, 69 (15.2%) were diagnosed with GDM: 29 (6.4%) <20 wks and 40 (8.8%) >24 wks. Of 458 randomized to routine screening, 56 (12.2%) had GDM. Early screening did not reduce the incidence of the primary outcome as it was nominally higher in the early group (59.0% vs 53.3%, p=0.08, Table 1). PIH was not reduced in the early group (13.5% vs 9.6%, p=0.06). Use of insulin was significantly increased in the early group (2.6% vs 0.7%, p=0.02). These findings were consistent when only those with GDM were compared (Table 2); considering only GDM, women in the early group were delivered earlier than the routine. Conclusion: In this RCT, early GDM screening in obese women was not beneficial and may have been harmful. Recommendations for early GDM screening need to be reassessed in light of these findings. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
 The impact of Rimonabant in overweight women with prior gestational diabetes - RIGD;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Acomplia Product Name: Rimonabant Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Rimonabant has been shown to reduce body weight and improve cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic control. Therefore we investigate in women with previous gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance at the postpartum reclassification the impact of Rimonabant on plasma lipids, abdominal obesity, body weight and glucose tolerance (insulin sensitivity). ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10033307 Term: Overweight ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10058110 Term: Dyslipidemia ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10051361 Term: Adipositas ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10012601 Term: Diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Aim of this study is to test the hypothesis that drug therapy with Rimonabant (20 mg/day) for 6 months in overweight women with prior gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance at the postpartum reclassification will i) improve dyslipidemia, insulin sensitivity, beta cell‐function and ii) reduce abdominal obesity or body weight and thus iii) convert glucose tolerance or iiii) reduce risk for progression to diabetes and iiiii) will also improve the cardiovascular risk profile compared to age and BMI matched women with prior gestational diabetes but without drug therapy. Primary end point(s): Plasma lipids (plasma Free Fatty Acids, triglycerides and cholesterol); OGTT: glucose tolerance, insulin and proinsulin secretion; FSIGT: insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response (AIRg), disposition index; Adipocytokines: Visfatin, adiponectin, retinol binding protein 4, leptin, PAI‐1, Ghrelin, us CRP; BMI; Secondary Objective: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Age: 20‐50 years ‐ Prior gestational diabetes ‐ BMI: BMI > 30 kg/m² OR BMI > 27 kg/m² if dyslipidemia or diabetes/pre‐diabetes are present. ‐ Metabolism: prediabetes (IFG: fasting glucose > 100 mg/dl , but < 126 mg/dl AND/OR IGT: 2h glucose/oGTT > 140 mg/dl, but < 200 mg/dl) or diabetes (Fasting glucose > 126 mg/dl; 2h glucose/oGTT > 200 mg/dl) (WHO criteria) ‐ Lipids: HDL cholesterol < 50 mg/dl or triglycerides > 150 mg/dl ‐ Metabolic syndrome (WHO criteria) Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 A mushroom diet reduced the risk of pregnancy-induced hyper tension and macrosomia: a randomized clinical trial;  Background: Pregnancy‐induced hypertension (PIH) is a disease characterized by high blood pressure detected after 20 weeks of pregnancy, affecting approximately 10% of pregnant women worldwide. Effective strategies are imperatively needed to prevent and treat PIH. Methods: Subjects were required to consume 100 g mushroom daily from pre‐pregnancy to the 20th week of gestation. The gestational hypertension and related primary and secondary outcomes of the mushroom diet (MD) group and placebo group were investigated to compare the intervention of a MD on the PIH and pre‐eclampsia‐associated maternal and child health conditions. Results: A total of 582 and 580 subjects belonging to the MD group and placebo group were included for the analysis, respectively. Compared to the placebo, the MD significantly reduced the incidence of gestational hypertension (P = 0.023), preeclampsia (P = 0.014), gestational weight gain (P = 0.017), excessive gestational weight gain (P = 0.032) and gestational diabetes (P = 0.047). Stratified analysis showed that the MD lowered the risk of PIH for overweighed women (P = 0.036), along with the percentage of macrosomia (P = 0.007). Conclusion: An MD could serve as a preventative strategy for lowering the risk of PIH and could control new‐born birthweight while reducing comorbidities including gestational weight gain, diabetes etc.
 The effect of Aloe Vera leaf gel dry powder on blood glucose level in type II diabetic patients, A double – blind, randomized, placebo controlled trial;  INTERVENTION: Aloe vera jell powder 150 mg in capsule two times a day for two months Aloe vera jell powder 300 mg in capsule two times a day for two months Intervention 1: Aloe vera jell powder 150 mg in capsule two times a day for two months. Intervention 2: Aloe vera jell powder 300 mg in capsule two times a day for two months. Intervention 3: placebo 150 mg in capsule two times a day for two months. Intervention 4: placebo 300 mg in capsule two times a day for two months. Placebo placebo 150 mg in capsule two times a day for two months placebo 300 mg in capsule two times a day for two months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after one and two months. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase method. Glycosylated hemoglobin. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: HPLC method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: Fasting blood Cholesterol level by enzymatic oxidase method. Creatinin. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: The fasting blood Creatinin level by JAPH enzymatic method. HDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: Fasting blood HDL level by enzymatic oxidase method. LDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: Fasting blood LDL level by CDC designated comparison method. SGOT. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: SGOT level in fasting blood sample by DGKG enzymatic method. SGPT. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: SGPT level in fasting blood sample by DGKG enzymatic method. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Baseline and after two months. Method of measurement: Fasting blood Triglyceride level by enzymatic oxidase method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 40 to 60 years, confirmed type II diabetes at least for two years with fasting blood glucose above 150‐250 mg/dl taking Metformin or Glibenclamid, HbA1c 7.5‐10%, singing the written informed consent. Exclusion criteria: insulin therapy, infectious diseases, severe kidney, liver, heart, or pulmonary disease, hypersensitivity to any drug, foot ulcer or gangrene, major depressive disorders, previous myocardial infarction, active cancer or previous cancer during the last 5 years, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking, pregnancy, and breast feeding.
 Prevention of preeclampsia: a randomized trial of atenolol in hyperdynamic patients before onset of hypertension;  OBJECTIVE: To determine if assessment of maternal hemodynamics could predict women at risk for the development of preeclampsia, if treatment directed at hemodynamic abnormalities before the onset of hypertension could prevent preeclampsia, and if mothers could be treated in a way that protects fetal growth. METHODS: A double‐blinded, randomized controlled trial was conducted. Subjects were considered to be at risk for preeclampsia if their cardiac output was greater than 7.4 L/min before 24 weeks' gestation. Nulliparous and diabetic subjects at risk were treated with 100 mg of atenolol or placebo. Cardiac output was measured by Doppler technique. Inulin and para‐aminohippurate clearances were performed. RESULTS: Treatment with atenolol reduced the incidence of preeclampsia from 5 of 28 (18%) to 1 of 28 (3.8%), (P = .04). Nulliparous women determined to be at risk for preeclampsia were similar to diabetic women at risk. Each was significantly heavier and had inulin and para‐aminohippurate clearances greater than the control group. Treatment with atenolol was associated with infants weighing 440 g less than infants in the nulliparous placebo group, (P = .02). No effect on birth weight was seen in the diabetic patients. Mothers of the smallest infants who were treated with atenolol could be identified by unexpectedly large reductions in cardiac output. CONCLUSION: Measurement of cardiac output in the second trimester identified women at risk for preeclampsia. Treatment with atenolol decreased the incidence of preeclampsia. Nulliparous and diabetic women at risk for preeclampsia were similar with regard to maternal hemodynamics, maternal weight, and renal function. Treatment with atenolol was associated with reduced infant birth weight.
 Cost-effectiveness of exercise for the prevention of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in obese women;  OBJECTIVE: Prior studies have demonstrated that a cardiovascular exercise intervention during pregnancy can reduce the risk of developing preeclampsia and gestational diabetes (GDM). Our study evaluated the cost‐effectiveness of using an exercise‐based intervention to reduce the risk of both preeclampsia and GDM in obese women. STUDY DESIGN: A decision‐analytic model was built using TreeAge 2016 software to examine whether an exercise intervention would be a cost‐effective intervention in decreasing the risk of developing preeclampsia and GDM in women who start pregnancy at a BMI ≥30. The effect of the intervention as well as other probabilities, outcomes, utilities, and life expectancies were abstracted from the literature including a randomized trial that examined the effect of exercise on preeclampsia if performed from weeks 9‐38 of pregnancy. Outcomes analyzed included preeclampsia, GDM, preterm delivery, method of delivery, permanent brachial plexus injury, cerebral palsy, and maternal and neonatal mortality. A cost‐effectiveness threshold was set at $100,000 per quality adjusted life year (QALY). Univariate sensitivity analyses were used to investigate the impact of interventions with varying effectiveness. RESULTS: Exercise results in 74,824 fewer cases of preeclampsia, 109,980 fewer cases of GDM, and 14,136 fewer preterm births per 1,000,000 women treated as well as the negative outcomes associated with both preeclampsia and GDM. Exercise also decreased the rates of neonatal mortality and maternal mortality by 137 deaths and 20 deaths respectively. The intervention was costeffective leading to both lower total costs and better outcomes (a dominant strategy). Using sensitivity analyses, exercise is cost saving up to a cost of the intervention of $2,934, and costeffective up to a cost of $4,005. CONCLUSION: A prenatal exercise‐based intervention leads to decreased costs and improved outcomes among obese women. How to fund and incorporate greater access to exercise during pregnancy should be examined from a public health standpoint. (Table Presented).
 A Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study Comparing SYR-322 Alone and Combination SYR-322 with Pioglitazone versus Placebo on Postprandial Lipids in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes - Post-Prandial;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: SYR‐322 (SYR110322) Product Code: SYR‐322_301 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet Current Sponsor code: SYR‐322_301 Other descriptive name: SYR‐322 (SYR110322) Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Actos 30 mg Tablets Product Name: Actos Product Code: Pioglitazone Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Pioglitazone Hydrochloride Other descriptive name: Pio Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 30‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effects of SYR‐322 alone and SYR‐322 coadministered with pioglitazone HC1 versus placebo on postprandial triglycerides in subjects with type 2 diabetes.; Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint is the change from Baseline in postprandial incremental area under the curve (AUC) for triglycerides at Week 16. Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effect of SYR‐322 and SYR‐322 coadministered with pioglitazone HC1 versus placebo on postprandial lipid parameters, postprandial lipoprotein parameters, postprandial GLP‐1, postprandial glucagon, postprandial glucose, postprandial insulin, measurements of glycemic control (ie, A1C, fasting plasma glucose, C‐peptide, insulin, proinsulin), inflammatory markers (ie, adiponectin and high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein), cardiovascular markers (ie, VCAM, ICAM, and e‐selectin), and endothelial function (pulse wave tonometry). Safety variables will include incidence of treatment emergent adverse events (AEs), clinical laboratory evaluations, physical examinations, vital signs, and 12‐lead ECG readings.; ; In addition markers of oxidative stress and short term glycaemic control will be evaluated as exploratory variables. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subject eligibility is determined according to the following criteria: 1. The subject is male or female, with a historical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, and must be aged 18 to 70 years, inclusive. 2. A female subject of childbearing potential who is sexually active agrees to use adequate contraception from screening throughout the duration of the study. Women NOT of child bearing potential are defined as those who have been surgically sterilized (hysterectomy, oophorectomy, tubal ligation) or who are post‐menopausal (defined as at least 2 years since last regular menses). Acceptable methods of contraception are defined in Section 9.1.11 Contraception and Pregnancy Avoidance Procedure. 3. The subject is capable of understanding and complying with the protocol requirements. 4. The subject has either failed treatment with diet and exercise for 3 months prior to Screening or has been receiving a stable dose of metformin, sulfonylurea, natagli
 Platelet aggregation inhibition by Eptifibatide versus high dose Tirofiban during primary percutaneous interventions;  Background: Platelet aggregation occurs as a central role in acute coronary syndrome (ACS), and glycoprotein GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors may enhance the benefits expected from early recanalisation. Aim: To compare the degree of platelet aggregation inhibition achieved by Eptifibatide versus high dose Tirofiban, and its clinical effects regarding myocardial reperfusion parameters: myocardial blush grade (MBG) and ST‐segment resolution (STR) >70%, and regarding peri procedural complications, bleeding and major adverse cardiac events (MACE). Methods: Between the period of June 2010‐January 2012, 46 patients with acute myocardial infarction whose symptom onset is within 12 h of presentation and ECG showing ST‐segment elevation 1. mm in two contiguous limb leads or 2 mm in two contiguous precordial leads or acute left bundle branch block were included. Exclusion criteria were active bleeding, thrombocytopenia, bleeding diathesis, anticoagulation or thrombolitics, recent major surgery or stroke, cardiogenic shock, and pregnancy. Patients were randomized alternatively (1:1) into two groups before primary percutaneous cardiac intervention (PCI) to receive the specific glycoprotin IIb/IIIa inhibitor as follows: (I) Tirofiban group: intravenous high bolus dose of 25 mcg/kg over 3 min followed by maintenance infusion of 0.15 mcg/kg/min. (II) Eptifibatide group: intravenous two boluses 10. min apart (each one is 180 mcg/kg) followed by maintenance of 2 mcg/kg/min.Platelet aggregation inhibition was measured by light transmission aggregometer, angiographic assessment was done before and after final interventions for TIMI flow and myocardial blush grade before and after the procedure. Electrocardiographic assessment standard 12‐lead ECG on admission, immediately after PCI. Resolution of ST segment elevation was expressed as a percentage of the initial ST segment elevation. Resolution of ≥70% was defined as complete resolution.Clinical safety assessment was done in terms of the incidence of: bleeding complications and major adverse cardiac events (MACE): death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and target vessel revascularization (TVR). Results: The total patients in our study included 46 patients, 40 males (87%) and six females (13%) with a mean age of 55 ±. 10, Tirofiban group: included 23 patients, 19 males (82.5%) and four females (17.4%) with a mean age of 57. ±. 9.65. Eptifibatide group: included 23 patients, 21 males (87%) and two females (8.7%) with a mean age of 53.48. ±. 8.6.Platelet aggregation inhibition during PCI was significantly correlated with STR (p 0.013, r 0.71). The cut‐off point for platelet aggregation inhibition as a predictor of STR >70% was 89.5% (sensitivity 92.3%, specificity 69.2%, PPV 75% and NPV 10%, AUC 0.87). Platelet aggregation inhibition during PCI was positively correlated with MBG (p 0.045, r 0.453). The cut‐off point for platelet aggregation inhibition as a predictor of MBG 2‐3 was 87.5% (sensitivity 73.6%, specificity 66.7%, PPV 93.9% and NPV 76.9%, AUC 0.81).Platelet aggregation inhibition 60. min after bolus was (93.57. ±. 2.07% versus 87.62. ±. 3.2%, p<. 0.001) and 6. h later (89.85. ±. 2.03% versus 78.5. ±. 7.07%, p<. 0.001) in Eptifibatide versus Tirofiban groups, respectively. Post procedural TIMI flow III was (95.7% versus 91.3%, p 1), mean MBG (2.87. ±. 0.34 versus 2.09. ±. 0.73, p<. 0.001) and STR >70% (56.22% versus 39.13%, p 0.005) in Eptifibatide versus Tirofiban group, respectively.There was no significant statistical difference regarding thrombocytopenia (46.73. ±. 41.48 versus 39.04. ±. 34.41, p 0.37), minor bleeding (17.4% versus 21.7%, p 0.5), major bleeding (0% versus 4.3%, p 0.5), post procedural infarction (0% versus 17.4%, p 0.12), TVR (0% versus 8.7%, p 0.24), MACE and 30. days mortality (4.3% versus 13%, p 0.34) in Eptifibatide versus Tirofiban group, respectively. Conclusions: •Platelet aggregation inhibition during PCI was significantly correlated with STR and MBG. Platelet aggregation inhibition cut‐off point as a predictor of STR >70% was 89.5%, and as a predictor of MBG 2‐3 was 87.5%.•Eptifibatide achieves better platelet aggregation inhibition 60min after bolus and 6h after PCI than high dose Tirofiban.•Eptifibatide is associated with better myocardial perfusion as indicated by post procedural mean MBG and STR >70% than high dose Tirofiban.•There was no significant differences between Eptifibatide and high dose Tirofiban regarding thrombocytopenia, major or minor bleeding, MACE and 30days mortality.
 Hypoglycemic effects of Rosa canina;  INTERVENTION: Control: Capsules of 750 mg corn starch twice daily by mouth for 2 months. Groups are similar in shape and color of capsules. Intervention 1: Intervention: Capsules of 750 mg powdered aqueous extract of Rosa canina twice daily by mouth for 2 months. Drug was prepared in the laboratory of traditional medicine in" Research Institute for Islamic and Complementary Medicine”. Effective ingredients of this drug have not been evaluated. Intervention 2: Control: Capsules of 750 mg corn starch twice daily by mouth for 2 months. Groups are similar in shape and color of capsules. Intervention: Capsules of 750 mg powdered aqueous extract of Rosa canina twice daily by mouth for 2 months. Drug was prepared in the laboratory of traditional medicine in" Research Institute for Islamic and Complementary Medicine”. Effective ingredients of this drug have not been evaluated. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: blood sample. Two hours postprandial blood glucose. Timepoint: 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: blood sample. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Glycosylated hemoglobin. Timepoint: 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: blood sampling. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetes mellitus, Fasting blood glucose (FBG) more than 126 and less than 250 mg/dl, Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) more than 6, Taking routine hypoglycemic therapy (except of insulin), Singing written informed consent and Exclusion criteria: Three or more than 3 episodes of hypoglycemia in the previous week, Cardiac, hepatic or renal diseases, Pregnancy
 Corticosteroid therapy for prevention of respiratory distress syndrome in severe preeclampsia;  OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the efficacy and side effects of corticosteroid therapy for pregnant women with severe preeclampsia in the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome in their premature neonates. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective double‐blind randomized trial enrolled 218 pregnant women with severe preeclampsia and gestational age between 26 and 34 weeks. One hundred ten received betamethasone (12 mg administered intramuscularly, repeated after 24 hours and then once a week) and 108 received placebo. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals of respiratory distress syndrome and other neonatal and maternal complications were calculated for corticosteroid use. RESULTS: Frequency of respiratory distress syndrome was significantly reduced in the corticosteroid group (23%) with respect to the placebo group (43%), with a relative risk of 0.53 (95% confidence interval 0.35‐0. 82). Relative risks of intraventricular hemorrhage, patent ductus arteriosus, and perinatal infection were significantly decreased in the corticosteroid group: 0.35 (95% confidence interval 0.15‐0.86), 0.27 (95% confidence interval 0.08‐0.95), and 0.39 (95% confidence interval 0.39‐0.97), respectively. There was no significant difference in the frequency of stillbirth, but the neonatal mortality rate was lower in the corticosteroid group (14%) than in the placebo group (28%), with a relative risk of 0.5 (95% confidence interval 0.28‐0.89). There was increased risk of gestational diabetes but of no other maternal complication after corticosteroid therapy, and mean blood pressures were similar in the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: Antenatal corticosteroid therapy with betamethasone for acceleration of fetal lung maturity is a safe and efficient treatment in patients with severe preeclampsia at between 26 and 34 weeks' gestation.
 The effects of Silybum marianum (L.) Gaertn. (Silymarin) supplement consumption on metabolic status, Hs-CRP and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients with overweight or obesity;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive daily 3 tablets of silymarin with meal for 45 days (each tablets of silymarin contains 140 milligrams pure silymarin). silymarin tablets will be purchased from the Livergol ®; Goldaru Herbal Products Pharmaceutical Company. All the patients will receive the tablets on every two weeks base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews and 2‐weeks check lists. Intervention 2: The control group will receive daily 3 tablets of placebo with meal for 45 days. (Placebo tablets will be produced at the faculty of pharmacy of Tabriz University of medical sciences). Intervention group will receive daily 3 tablets of silymarin with meal for 45 days (each tablets of silymarin contains 140 milligrams pure silymarin). silymarin tablets will be purchased from the Livergol ®; Goldaru Herbal Products Pharmaceutical Company. All the patients will receive the tablets on every two weeks base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews and 2‐weeks check lists. Placebo The control group will receive daily 3 tablets of placebo with meal for 45 days. (Placebo tablets will be produced at the faculty of pharmacy of Tabriz University of medical sciences). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: E10,E11,E1 Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. Fasting insulin serum. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. GPX activity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: immunoturbidimetry. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR calculation. Lipid profiles (TC, TG, LDL‐C, HDL‐C). Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic methods for TC,TG and HDL‐C For LDL‐C : Freidwald’s formula: LDL‐C = TC‐ HDL‐C ‐ (TG/5). Serum malondialdehyde (MDA). Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. Serum total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. SOD activity. Timepoint: Baseline and after 45 days of intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric index(weight, height,WHR and Body Mass. Timepoint: before and after 45 days intervention. Method of measurement: Analogue scale for weight and weight(Kg)/Square Height for body mass index. Calorie and nutrients intake. Timepoint: before and after 45 dyas intervention. Method of measurement: 24‐h recall Questionnaire. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: before and after 45 days intervention. Method of measurement: standard barometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetes for at least 6 months; age between 20‐50 (both of gender) years and usage of blood glucose lowering drugs. Exclusion criteria: usage of nutritional supplements in the past 3 months or during the study; usage of insulin; Pregnancy or lactation; BMI more than 35 and lower than 27; Renal and liver failure; Cardiovascular disease; Thyroid disorders; History of allergy; Smoking; Alcohol usage; Following a specific diet; Taking corticosteroids or Immunosuppressive drugs,…
 Postpartum weight retention is associated with elevated ratio of oxidized LDL lipids to HDL-cholesterol;  Oxidized LDL lipids (ox‐LDL) are associated with lifestyle diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. The present study investigated how postpartum weight retention effects on ox‐LDL and serum lipids. The study is a nested comparative research of a cluster‐randomized controlled trial, NELLI (lifestyle and counselling during pregnancy). During early pregnancy (8‐12 weeks) and 1 year postpartum, 141 women participated in measurements for determining of plasma lipids: total cholesterol (T‐C), LDL‐cholesterol (LDL‐C), HDL‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), triacylglycerols (TAG) and ox‐LDL. Subjects were stratified into tertiles (weight loss, unaltered weight and weight gain groups) based on their weight change from baseline to follow‐up. Ox‐LDL was determined by baseline level of conjugated dienes in LDL lipids. Among the group of weight gainers, concentration of TAG reduced less (‐0.14 vs. ‐0.33, p = 0.002), HDL‐C reduced more (‐0.31 vs. ‐0.16, p = 0.003) and ox‐LDL/HDL‐C ratio increased (3.0 vs. ‐0.2, p = 0.003) when compared to group of weight loss. Both T‐C and LDL‐C elevated more (0.14 vs. ‐0.21, p = 0.008; 0.31 vs. 0.07, p = 0.015) and TAG and ox‐LDL reduced less (‐0.33 vs. 0.20, p = 0.033; ‐3.33 vs. ‐0.68, p = 0.026) in unaltered weight group compared to weight loss group. The women who gained weight developed higher TAG and ox‐LDL/HDL‐C ratio as compared to those who lost weight. Postpartum weight retention of 3.4 kg or more is associated with atherogenic lipid profile.
 Long-Term Safety and Efficacy of Olokizumab in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis-Results of an Open-Label Extension Study;  Background/Purpose: Olokizumab (OKZ), an IL‐6 ligand inhibitor, demonstrated significant improvements in signs and symptoms of RA vs placebo (PL) and non‐inferiority to adalimumab (ADA).1‐2 Patients (pts) who completed core phase III studies, were enrolled in an open‐label extension study (OLE) (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03120949). Here we report long‐term safety and efficacy results of treatment with OKZ in combination with MTX. Methods: During the OLE, patients (pts) continued OKZ 64 mg q2w or q4w, and those who were on PL or ADA were randomized to OKZ 64 mg q2w or q4w. Adverse events (AE) were assessed through 82 weeks (Wk) of the OLE treatment and additional 20 weeks of safety followup. All AEs were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Efficacy assessments in observed pts included proportions of pts who achieved ACR20/50/70 responses, simplified disease activity index (SDAI) ≤3.3, improvement in HAQ‐DI ≥0.22, mean change in clinical disease activity index (CDAI), and DAS28‐CRP, based on descriptive statistics. Results: Of 2105 eligible pts enrolled, 1709 (81.2%) completed the OLE treatment period and 394 (18.7%) discontinued treatment: 180 (8.6%) due to AE, 158 (7.5%) due to pts decision, 9 (0.4%) due to lack of efficacy and 47 (2.2%) due to various reasons including protocol violation, pregnancy, lost to follow‐up, discontinuation by sponsor, study terminated by sponsor or investigators and other reasons. Treatment emergent AEs occurred in 1546 (73.5%) pts, the most common AEs 809 pts (38.5%) were infections. The most common AEs leading to treatment discontinuation were infections (53 [2.5%]), laboratory investigations (43 [2.0%]), including alanine aminotransferase increase (21 [1%]), blood and lymphatic system disorders (13 [0.6%]), and cytopenias (leukopenia = 0.2%, lymphopenia = 0.1%, others (neutropenia, thrombocytopenia) < 0.1%) (Table). Serious AEs were reported by 249 (11.8%) pts, serious infections‐by 87 (4.1%) pts. Deaths occurred in 1.2% of pts, equally distributed between the two groups with the most common causes included infections‐0.3%, general disorders and administration site conditions‐0.2% (including death‐2 pts, sudden death‐2 pts, sudden cardiac death‐1 pt) and cardiac disorders, neoplasms benign, malignant and unspecified and respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders‐0.1% each. Table. Overall Summary of Adverse Events and Immunogenicity (Safety Population). Abbreviations: ADA, antidrug antibodies; AE, adverse event that occurred after the first dose of the open‐label (OLE) study treatment; ALT, alanine aminotransferase; BL, baseline; n, number of subjects; Nab, neutralizing antibodies; q2w, every 2 weeks; q4w, every 4 weeks; ULN, upper limit normal; %, percentage of subjects calculated relative to the total number (N) of subjects in the population. Footnotes: 1‐Psoriasis, cutaneous vasculitis, alopecia areata, hypersensitivity vasculitis, pyoderma gangrenosum, vasculitic rash, vitiligo; 2‐Chronic gastritis, ulcerative keratitis, ocular myasthenia, vasculitis, rheumatoid vasculitis, autoimmune thyroiditis, type 1 diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid lung. 3‐AEs leading to death by System Organ Class: infections and infestations 7 (0.3%), general disorders and administration site conditions 5 (0.2%), cardiac disorders 3 (0.1%), neoplasms benign, malignant and unspecified (CNS neoplasm, metastatic neoplasm, pancreatic carcinoma metastatic) 3 (0.1%). Efficacy of OKZ was maintained throughout the study (Fig. 1, 2) and pts who switched from PL or ADA showed the same level of improvement as those who were treated with OKZ in the core studies (data not shown). There were no apparent differences in safety and efficacy outcomes between OKZ arms. Major adverse cardiac events (MACE) occurred in 7 (0.7%) pts in OKZ q2w group and in 15 (1.4%) pts in OKZ q4w group (Table). Incidence rate of anti‐drug antibodies, neutralizing antibodies, malignancies, nonmelanoma skin cancer and venous thromboembolism are reported (Table). Figure 1. Mean CDAI over time (modified Intent‐to‐treat population). Abbreviations: CDAI, clinical disease activity index; Cor, phase III randomized double‐blind clinical trials; OLE, Open‐Label Extension; q2w, every 2 weeks; q4w, every 4 weeks; Wk, week. Footnote: Wk 82, includes patients who stopped treatment early at any time during the study. Figure 2. Mean HAQ‐DI over time (modified Intent‐to‐treat population). Abbreviations: Cor, phase III randomized double‐blind clinical trials; OLE, open‐label extension; q2w, every 2 weeks; q4w, every 4 weeks. Footnote: Wk 82, includes patients who stopped treatment early at any time during the study. Conclusion: OKZ was generally safe and well‐tolerated, consistent with the results of previously reported studies for OKZ and other IL‐6 inhibitors. Efficacy of OKZ was maintained through Wk 82 in pts who continued in the OLE study with low discontinuation rates.
 Evaluation of preventive effects of pentoxyfylline in contrast induced nephropathy;  INTERVENTION: intervention group will recieve 1200 mg pentoxyfylline three times divided dose with standard treatments control group will only recieve standard treatments intervention group will recieve 1200 mg pentoxyfylline three times divided dose with standard treatments control group will only recieve standard treatments. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetes mellitus and ischemic heart disease diabetes mellitus undergoing angioplasty. ; diabetes mellitus and ischemic heart disease E11 and I2 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cystatin c. Timepoint: 24 hours before and after. Method of measurement: elisa kit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Creatinine. Timepoint: 24 hours before angioplasty and after. Method of measurement: elisa kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Ischemic heart diseases and diabetic patients; age 18‐85; undergoing of angioplasty with stent insertion; filling of consent form. Exclusion Criteria: Elevation of CK‐MB and cTnI before PCI; history of CABG during last three months; history of previous MI; renal dysfunction (creatinine above 2.5 mg/dl); unsuccessful PCI; acute MI; cardiogenic shock; dialysis; pregnancy; inability in filling and understanding of the consent form; unconsented patients; patients who want to discontinue the study at any time.
 Healthy Hearts: leveraging the Diabetes Prevention Program to Decrease Health Disparities in Women of Reproductive Age;  Nearly half of women have obesity and/or hypertension (HTN). Specific to women, pregnancy creates a vulnerable window for excess gestational weight gain (GWG), exacerbating intergenerational risks for obesity, HTN, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) across the lifespan. Healthy lifestyles are the first‐line recommendations for prevention and treatment of overweight/obesity, HTN, T2D, and CVD. The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) is a well‐established, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)‐led public health program focusing on healthy lifestyle changes and is effective at reducing 5‐7% of body weight, lowering risks for T2D. Interestingly, research investigating the DPP as a lifestyle intervention for other chronic conditions (i.e., overweight/obesity and HTN) is lacking, demonstrating a missed opportunity. The aim of this study is to determine the initial effects of the first 6‐months and after receiving the full 12‐months of the virtual DPP compared to the DPP expanded with a CDC‐approved HTN prevention component (DPP+) on physical activity, diet, weight, and CVD risk factors in 30 prediabetic women (18‐45 years old) with a history of excess GWG, overweight/obesity, and HTN. Participants will be recruited through University of Texas Medical Branch (UTMB) community‐based clinics using Epic. The Participants will be randomized into 2 groups (DPP and DPP+) and guided through the 12‐month virtual DPP or DPP+ program using UTMB DPP personnel.
 Inflammation markers and insulin like growth factor binding protein 1 in women with gestational diabetes treated with metformin or insulin;  Background and aims: The prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM) is increasing worldwide. Pregnancy as such influences inflammation markers. Modulation of inflammatory mediators such as high sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) and interleukine‐6 (IL6) occurs in GDM. Insulin like growth factor binding protein 1 (IGFBP1) has been associated to obesity in pregnancy and GDM. Our aim was to characterise the inflammatory profile of GDM, its changes during pregnancy and the possible effects of metformin compared to insulin. Moreover, we examined the associations of birth weight with inflammation markers and IGFBP1. Materials and methods: 217 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM were randomized to receive either metformin (n 110) or insulin (n 107). Fasting serum samples were collected at mean 30 gestational weeks (gw) and at 36 gw. In addition, baseline serum samples of 126 women with GDM achieving sufficient glycemic control with lifestyle modifications only were included in the study. Concentrations of hsCRP, IL6, matrix metalloproteinase‐8 (MMP8), glycoprotein acetylation (GlycA), IGFBP1 and its entirely and partly phosphorylated isoforms, were measured using ELISA and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy in the case of GlycA. Statistical analyses were done using Mann‐Whitney U, t‐test or Wilcoxon signed‐rank test and Spearman's rank correlation. Results: At baseline none of the variables differed significantly between diet and medically treated groups. In medically treated groups combined, hsCRP decreased (p = 0.01), whereas IL6 (p = 0.002) and GlycA (p < 0.001) increased from baseline to 36 gw. MMP8 was unchanged. All IGFBP1 isoforms increased (p < 0.001). GlycA (8.3% vs 5.6%, p = 0.02) and non‐phosphorylated IGFBP1 (29% vs 18%, p = 0.008) increased more in the metformin than in the insulin group. At baseline BMI and fasting C‐peptide correlated positively with hsCRP, IL6 and GlycA. On the contrary, IGFBP1s correlated inversely with BMI and C‐peptide. Baseline, but not 36 gw, GlycA correlated positively and IGFBP1 inversely with birth weight, while MMP8 measured at 36 gw correlated inversely with birth weight. In regression analysis one SD change in MMP8 was associated to 72 g lower birth weight independent of BMI and smoking (95%CI: 8.1‐150). Conclusion: Serum concentrations of inflammation markers change significantly during the last trimester of pregnancy in GDM patients. The changes were parallel between medically treated groups. However, metformin associated with a higher increase in GlycA and a simultaneous decrease in hsCRP, thus not explicitly indicating either a pro‐ or antiinflammatory environment. High IGFBP1, which has been associated to a healthier metabolic profile, rose more in metformin group. Most of themarkersmeasured relate toBMI and C‐peptide but respond differently to progression of pregnancy, thus together providingmore detailed insight of inflammation in GDM. High MMP8, previously associated to cardiovascular risk and insulin resistance, did not correlate with BMI or fasting C‐peptide in our data, unlike the other inflammation markers at baseline. Yet it was the onlymarkermeasured at 36 gw relating to birth weight. Our results suggest that compared to insulin, metformin does not have unfavourable effects on GDM pregnancy in terms of inflammation markers.
 A randomized controlled pilot of Laurus nobilis Tea on inflammatory biomarkers;  INTERVENTION: Laurus nobilis tea Origanum syriacum L CONDITION: ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Cardiology Cardiology Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine PRIMARY OUTCOME: Neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio (NLR) SECONDARY OUTCOME: White blood cell count (WBC), neutrophil count, lymphocyte count, platelet and monocyte count analysis INCLUSION CRITERIA: No smoking No vegetarian diet No pregnancy No consumption of medication or nutritional supplements No any anti‐inflammatory treatment (non‐steroid anti‐inflammatory drug, corticosteroid or other anti‐inflammatory drug) No chronic pathologies (eg; cardiovascular diseases, diabetes‐mellitus, arterial‐hypertension, asthma, psychiatric disorders, gastrointestinal problems) No food allergy
 Pilot Study of Laurus nobilis Tea on Oxidant/Antioxidant Stress Biomarkers in Healthy North-African Volunteers;  INTERVENTION: Laurus nobilis tea Origanum syriacum L CONDITION: ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Cardiology Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine Cardiology PRIMARY OUTCOME: low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor (LDL‐R) SECONDARY OUTCOME: CP: Carbonylated proteins ; HDL‐C: High‐density lipoprotein cholesterol ; LDL‐C: Low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol ; SOD: Superoxide dismutase ; TC: Total cholesterol ; TG: Triglycerides ; UA: Uric acid ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: no smoking no vegetarian diet no pregnancy no consumption of medication or nutritional supplements no chronic pathologies (eg; cardiovascular diseases, diabetes‐mellitus, arterial‐hypertension, asthma, psychiatric disorders, gastrointestinal problems) no food allergy.
 Vitamin D supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial;  Purpose: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or obesity are vulnerable to impaired gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. It is unclear if prenatal vitamin D supplementation improves gestational CVH, especially in women at high risk for developing CVD. Our goal was to find out if vitamin D supplementation could protect against gestational CVH, including the women with GDM or obesity. Design: We randomly assigned women with a serum 25(OH)D concentration < 75 nmol/L to receive 1600 IU/d (intervention group) or 400 IU/d (control group) of vitamin D3 for two months at 24–28 weeks’ gestation. The primary outcome was gestational CVH marks (lipids, inflammatory cytokines, endothelial function). Results: There were 1537 participants divided into the intervention (N = 766) and control groups (N = 771). No baseline differences existed among study groups in CVH markers. At the two‐month visit, the intervention group’s HDL‐C levels (2.01 ± 0.39 VS 1.96 ± 0.39 mmol/L) were significantly higher than those of the control group, while the hs‐CRP levels were significantly lower (3.28 ± 2.02 VS 3.64 ± 2.42 mg/L). Subgroup analysis found that HDL‐C, TC, hs‐CRP, E‐Selectin, and SBP were improved in the intervention group among women with GDM or overweight/obesity, and the improvement was not found in women without GDM or overweight/obesity. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased the mean triglyceride‐glucose index at the two‐month visit in women with GDM. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation at mid‐gestation might optimize the gestational CVH status for pregnant women, particularly the women with GDM or obesity, which is advantageous for later‐life primary prevention of CVD. Clinical trial registration: The Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100051914, 10/9/2021, Prospective registered, https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=134700).
 Effect of alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on the lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a clinical trial study;  Background: Evidence suggests that Oxidative stress has been shown to plays an important role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) etiology. On the other hand, women with GDM are at an increased risk for complications such as endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular diseases. Objective: To investigate the effects of alpha‐lipoic acid (ALA) on the maternal circulating values of lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with GDM. Materials and Methods: Sixty women with GDM were participated in the present study. The ALA group (n = 30) received ALA (100 mg/day) and the placebo group (n = 30) received cellulose acetate (100 mg/day) for eight wk. The maternal circulating values of hemoglobin A1C, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride‐glucose (TyG) index, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), non‐HDL‐C, and lipid ratios were assessed before and after the intervention. P‐value < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: The values of TyG index (p < 0.001), TG (p = 0.006), TG/HDL‐C (p = 0.003), and AIP (p = 0.005) decreased significantly in the ALA group after the intervention. Conclusion: Maternal circulating values of TyG index, TG, TG/HDL, AIP decreased after eight wk of ALA supplementation in women with GDM.
 L-Arginine treatment for severe vascular fetal intrauterine growth restriction: a randomized double-bind controlled trial;  BACKGROUND & AIMS: Infants born with severe IUGR are exposed to higher neonatal mortality and morbidity rates, as compared with appropriate‐for‐gestational‐age. They are exposed to a higher risk of developing chronic disease such as hypertension, coronary artery disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. L‐Arginine is a precursor of nitric oxide (NO) and may play a role in placental vascular mediation or local vasodilatation. OBJECTIVE: The current study was designed to determine whether oral supplementation of gravid patients suffering from severe intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) with L‐arginine, would enhance birth weight and/or decrease neonatal morbidity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty‐four patients with a singleton pregnancy who had been referred for IUGR detected by ultrasonic examination were included. Vascular IUGR was defined by fetal abdominal circumference less than or equal to the 3rd percentile, associated with abnormal uterine Doppler. After double‐blind randomization, patients received either 14 g/day of L‐arginine, or a placebo. RESULTS: The characteristics of the two groups of patients (IUGR with L‐arginine vs IUGR with placebo) were similar upon randomization. There was no significant difference between the two groups concerning birth weight (1042+/‐476 vs. 1068+/‐452 g). At delivery, maternal and neonatal characteristics were similar in the two groups. There was no difference in the Clinical Risk Index for Babies (CRIB) score, the duration of ventilatory assistance, nor the delay between birth and full enteral feeding between the two groups. CONCLUSION: In this study which is, at the best of our knowledge, the first double‐bind, multicenter, randomized trial in this condition, L‐arginine is not an effective treatment for severe vascular growth restriction.
 Cost-effectiveness of exercise for the prevention of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in normal weight women;  OBJECTIVE: Prior studies have demonstrated that a cardiovascular exercise intervention during pregnancy can reduce the risk of developing preeclampsia and gestational diabetes (GDM). Our study evaluated the cost‐effectiveness of using an exercise‐based intervention to reduce the risk of both preeclampsia and GDM in women with a BMI 18.5‐24.9. STUDY DESIGN: A decision‐analytic model was built using TreeAge 2016 software to examine whether an exercise intervention would be a cost‐effective intervention in decreasing the risk of developing preeclampsia and GDM in women who start pregnancy at a BMI 18.5‐24.9. The effect of the intervention as well as other probabilities, outcomes, utilities, and life expectancies were abstracted from the literature including a randomized trial that examined the effect of exercise on preeclampsia if performed from weeks 9‐38 of pregnancy. Outcomes analyzed included preeclampsia, GDM, preterm delivery, method of delivery, permanent brachial plexus injury, cerebral palsy, and maternal and neonatal mortality. A cost‐effectiveness threshold was set at $100,000 per quality adjusted life year (QALY). Univariate sensitivity analyses were used to investigate the impact of interventions with varying effectiveness. RESULTS: Exercise results in 33,108 fewer cases of preeclampsia, 23,400 fewer cases of GDM, and 6,255 fewer preterm births per 1,000,000 women treated as well as the negative outcomes associated with both preeclampsia and GDM. Exercise also decreased the rates of neonatal mortality and maternal mortality by 60 deaths and 9 deaths respectively. The intervention was cost‐effective leading to both lower total costs and better outcomes (a dominant strategy). Using sensitivity analyses, exercise is cost saving up to a cost of the intervention of $1,154, and cost‐effective up to a cost of $1,543. CONCLUSION: A prenatal exercise‐based intervention leads to decreased costs and improved outcomes among normal weight women. How to fund and incorporate greater access to exercise during pregnancy should be examined from a public health standpoint. (Table Presented).
 Pregnancy and EARly Lifestyle Improvement Study;  Obesity and hyperglycemia in pregnancy are thought to impact fetal growth through over‐nutrition and may stress the fetal pancreas because of the increased demand for insulin. Such intrauterine programming events affect birth weight and raise the offspring's risk trajectory for future obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and premature death. Investigators propose to conduct a randomized controlled trial in 200 overweight or obese pregnant Puerto Rican women (free of diabetes) and their infants, to favorably impact metabolic health in mothers and infants. Women presenting will be randomized to a lifestyle modification intervention or standard care control group before 16 gestational weeks. The intervention will focus on improving: (1) physical activity levels and (2) diet quality and calorie intake. The lifestyle intervention will be delivered within an empowerment theoretical framework through individualized intervention sessions, intensive group sessions, and by phone calls. The intervention will continue through the first postpartum year and will include the infants. A key objective is to evaluate whether the intervention optimizes infant BMI z‐score. We will also evaluate whether the intervention increases the number of women who experience appropriate gestational weight gain, and evaluate several additional aims including relating the interventions with improved insulin sensitivity and beta‐cell function in the women, and insulin concentrations adjusted for glucose in their infants.This study will also help us to identify and overcome barriers to develop effective ways of intervening during pregnancy to meaningfully improve cardio‐metabolic risk trajectories of future generations.
 camel milk and changes in serum glucose;  INTERVENTION: Control group: cow milk, 500 cc Intervention 1: Intervention group: camel milk, 500 cc. Intervention 2: Control group: cow milk, 500 cc. Intervention group: camel milk, 500 cc Placebo CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose. Timepoint: Fasting and 15, 30, 60, 120, and 180 minutes after consuming milk. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. Insulin. Timepoint: Fasting and 15, 30, 60, 120, and 180 minutes after consuming milk. Method of measurement: Biochemical analysis. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with type 2 diabetes; age range: 20 to 70 years old; treatment with diet or oral anti‐diabetic drugs. Exclusion Criteria: Treatment with insulin; pregnancy or lactation; smoking and alcohol consumption; body mass index greater than 35 kg/m2 ; Lactose intolerance; taking estrogenic drugs and corticosteroids; having cardiovascular disease, liver, lung, kidney and Chronic gastrointestinal and thyroid dysfunction; following from the weight loss diets two months prior to study; weight changes (increase or decrease) more than 5 kg two months prior to study.
 Using transcranial magnetic stimulation over the cerebellum to investigate the mechanism of cerebellar action in the control of responsive balance in the elderly;  INTERVENTION: Experiment group:Real iTBS;Control group:Sham iTBS; CONDITION: Healthy older adults PRIMARY OUTCOME: Delta‐HbO2 change; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Timing of muscle activation before and after transcranial magnetic stimulation of the cerebellum;Average EMG signal within 100ms and 100ms‐200ms after activation; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age = 65 years; 2. Absence of skeletal muscle disease, neurological disease, or other underlying conditions affecting balance such as fractures, cerebrovascular disease, vision, and balance problems caused by diabetes mellitus that can affect balance control; 3. No contraindications to iTBS such as epilepsy, brain tumors, intracranial metal or magnetic objects, pacemakers or other implants, and being on psychotropic medications; 4. Suspected or known pregnancy.
 Effects of salsalate on glucose metabolism;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Salsalate (750 mg tablets) 3 gram, bid, for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo, 2 similar tablets, bid, for 12 weeks. Placebo, 2 similar tablets, bid, for 12 weeks Salsalate (750 mg tablets) 3 gram, bid, for 12 weeks CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: weeks ( 0, 4, 8, 12). Method of measurement: Enzymatic. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Insulin resistance. Timepoint: weeks ( 0 , 4 , 8 , 12). Method of measurement: (plasma insulin)(plasma glucose)/22.5=HOMA‐IR. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: HbA1c>=5% and BS<250 and (FBS>=100mg/dl or BS>=140mg/dl in OGTT) Exclusion criteria: Type 1 DM or past history of DKA, pregnancy/lactation, surgery within 1 month before the trial, known diagnosed malignancy, confirmed peptic ulcer or GI bleeding, diagnosed heart failure (function class 3 or 4), clinical ACS, CVA, TIA, revascularization within 6 month prior to study, uncontrolled hypertension (systolic BP>150 mmHg or diastolic BP>100 mmHg with full dose of 3 drugs) , history of drug abuse or alcohol consumption, history of active hepatitis , psychological disorders , previous allergy to aspirin or NSAIDS , continuous use of NSAIDS , Warfarin, Clopidogrel, Corticosteroid, Macroalbuminuria, chronic tinnitus, Hb<12 mg/dl in men and Hb<10 in women , platelets<100000, Triglyceride>500 mg/dl , serum creatinine more than 1.4 in women and more than 1.5 in men or GFR<60.
 Investigating the Role of Aspirin in patients with preexisting Diabetes in order to reduce the occurance of pregnancy complications;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Nu‐SealsÂ® 75 mg gastro‐resistant coated tablets for oral ingestion that contain 75mg of the anti‐platelet agent acetylsalicylic Acid as the active agent. Product Name: Nu‐SealsÂ® 75 mg Aspirin Pharmaceutical Form: Gastro‐resistant tablet CONDITION: Pregestational diabetes represents a high‐risk for evolution of preeclampsia (PET), with rates of PET within this group at approximately 20%. The combination of diabetes and preeclampsia places the pregnancy at heightened risk for hypoxia and stillbirth. Placental dysfunction, due to disordered early placental development, is central to the disease process. Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Female diseases of the urinary and reproductive systems and pregancy complications [C13] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The definitive IRELAND Study aims to investigate whether low‐dose aspirin prescribed routinely to woman with pre‐existing diabetes, initiated at 8+0 â€“ 12 weeksâ€™ gestation and continued until 36 weeks gestation may modify the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes related to placental dysfunction. The purpose of the pilot phase of this study is to determine rates of patient participation and compliance with aspirin therapy throughout pregnancy in this high‐risk population.; Primary objectives:; 1. Proportion of eligible women who agree to participate in the pilot study.; 2. Compliance with the study protocol, as judged by platelet function monitoring; 3. Proportion of study participants who complete the study, with complete ascertainment of laboratory markers of glycaemic control, renal function and platelet function at all scheduled timepoints; Primary end point(s): The pilot phase of IRELAND is expected to be underpowered to assess efficacy of aspirin on perinatal outcome. This pilot will address uptake, compliance drop‐out rates and effect of low‐dose aspirin on platelet function in this group.; Antiplatelet effect, compared between study (aspirin) and control (no aspirin) groups will be measured using a novel dynamic platelet assay. The biologic effect of low‐dose aspirin on platelet function in this population with respect to variables that may affect bioavailability (maternal body mass index, gestational age, compliance) will also be measured.; ; Secondary Objective: Examination, through dynamic platelet function assay, of antiplatelet effect among women with pregestational diabetes when compared with platelet function in diabetic women not taking antiplatelet therapy.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 4‐6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The pilot phase of IRELAND is expected to be underpowered to assess efficacy of aspirin on perinatal outcome. This pilot will address uptake, compliance drop‐out rates and effect of low‐dose aspirin on platelet function in this group.; Antiplatelet effect, compared between study (aspirin) and control (no aspirin) groups will be measured using a novel dynamic platelet assay. The biologic effect of low‐dose aspirin on platelet function in this population with respect to variables that may affect bioavailability (maternal body mass index, gestational age, compliance) will also be measured.; ; ; ; ; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 6 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria People who satisfy all of the following may be included in the study: 1. All women with type I or type II diabetes of at least 6 months duration prior to conception. 2. Ability to speak and read English 3. Singleton pregnancy at <12 weeksâ€™ gestational age with documented fetal cardiac activity 4. Those willing to sign voluntarily a statement of informed consent to participate in the study. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 24 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Randomized Clinical Trial to Increase Physical Activity After a a Hypertensive Pregnancy;  Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, such as preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, are at elevated risk of developing hypertension, diabetes, heart failure, and premature atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Current guidelines recommend intensive lifestyle modification for women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy in order to reduce the risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors or overt CV disease. However, limited research exists to guide how to implement lifestyle modification for this population. The postpartum period poses unique challenges to adopting a healthy lifestyle. Remote interventions using mobile technology may be particularly effective. Social incentives designed using insights from behavioral economics have been demonstrated to motivate health behavior change, such as increasing physical activity. The objective of this study is to use a randomized clinical trial to test the effectiveness of a 12‐week team‐based, mobile health interventions using wearable devices and social incentives to increase physical activity in the postpartum period.
 Preventing type 2 diabetes with metformin;  INTERVENTION: Schedule for study participants As many women as possible who are referred to obstetric diabetes antenatal care will be sent a Patient Information Sheet (PIS) with their hospital appointment letter inviting them to the clinic. Potential participants will be approached at the obstetric diabetic clinic by a member of the local research team to discuss participation in the study. Women will already have been diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes and will be taking either metformin or insulin. Women can also be consented at any subsequent antenatal visit prior to onset of labour. The woman's GP will be informed of her study participation. For women who either decline to participate to consent or withdraw from the study, they will be invited to complete a short 5 minute questionnaire or a have a 5 minute interview to ask about their experience and any reasons for declining or withdrawal. The format of the questionnaire will depend on the situation and patient's preference. It will be made clear that these are completely optional. In addition, the aim will be for a qualitative researcher to observe a proportion of the recruitment discussion. This is to gain a better understanding of how the way in which potential participants are approached and consented may affect trial participation and attrition. These will also be optional and the women will be free to decline the observation. Women will be asked to provide the following at this visit: 1. Demographics: age, ethnicity, and education 2. Gestational age at diagnosis of GDM 3. Current treatment and dosage for GDM (e.g. metformin, or metformin and insulin) 4. What medication they are taking as well as the study medication 5. Singleton or multiple pregnancy 6. BMI at antenatal booking appointment 7. Pre‐existing medical conditions (renal, hepatic, hypertension, and cardiac conditions) 8. Family history of diabetes 9. Oral glucose tolerance test findings in pregnancy 10. To complete a questionnaire of 6 questions abo CONDITION: Specialty: Reproductive Health and Childbirth, Primary sub‐specialty: Maternal/ Fetal medicine; UKCRC code/ Disease: Reproductive health and childbirth/ Other maternal disorders predominantly related to pregnancy ; Pregnancy and Childbirth PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Proportion of eligible women of those screened, measured at baseline; 2. Proportion of eligible women who give consent, measured at baseline; 3. Proportion of randomised women, of those consented, measured at randomisation; 4. Attrition rates, measured at 6‐13 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months; 5. Adherence rates with intervention, measured at 6‐13 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Acceptability outcomes: participants’ views on the study and the intervention at 6‐13 weeks and 12 months, and healthcare professionals’ views on the barriers to recruitment, adherence and retention at the end of the study; 2. Clinical and economic outcomes: maternal dysglycaemia, insulin metabolism laboratory tests at 12 months; breastfeeding and side effects at 6‐13 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months; and EQ‐5D‐5L health and social care resource use and costs at 6‐13 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months; 3. Study conduct related outcomes: protocol deviations, issues with randomisation, monitoring findings, and any specific requests for support from healthcare professionals at the end of the study INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes as per the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) criteria, at time of consent 2. Women who are on metformin and/or insulin in pregnancy 3. Aged 16 years or over at the time of consent
 The effects of exercise conditioning in normal and overweight pregnant women on blood pressure and heart rate variability;  Pre‐pregnancy obesity is a risk factor for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and hypertension. Regular exercise during pregnancy has been shown to decrease the risk of these obstetrical complications. The purpose of this prospective study was to measure the effects of an exercise program in normal‐weight and overweight/obese pregnant women on blood pressure (BP) and cardiac autonomic function, determined by heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS). Twenty‐two sedentary pregnant women, recruited at 20 weeks gestational age (GA), were grouped as normal weight or overweight/obese. They were systematically assigned to an exercise (walking) group or control (nonwalking) group after the first participants were randomly assigned. Women in the walking groups participated in a 16‐week, low‐intensity walking program. BP, HRV, and BRS were measured at rest and during exercise at the beginning (20 weeks GA) and end (36 weeks GA) of the walking program. Results indicated that women in the control groups (especially overweight women) showed changes in BP, HRV, and BRS over pregnancy that were not seen in the walking group. Overweight women in the control group increased resting systolic BP by 10 mmHg and diastolic BP by 7 mmHg. HRV declined in the control group but not in the walking group. A reduction in BRS and R‐R interval at rest was found in all groups except the walking normal‐weight group. The results suggest that an exercise program could attenuate the increase in BP and the loss of parasympathetic tone associated with pregnancy, especially in overweight women
 Sublingual Misoprostol to Reduce Blood Loss in Cesarean Delivery;  INTERVENTION: 400 microgram Sublingual Misoprostol and oxytocin Intervention 1: 400 microgram Sublingual Misoprostol and oxytocin. Intervention 2: Oxytocin. Oxytocin Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Cesarean Section. ; Single delivery by cesarean section Single delivery by cesarean section PRIMARY OUTCOME: Need for additional uterotonic usage. Timepoint: During surgery. Method of measurement: Clinical. Serum Hemoglobin. Timepoint: Before/ after surgery. Method of measurement: Laboratory. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hospital stay duration. Timepoint: N/A. Method of measurement: Duration between admission and discharge. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria are: any of post partum hemorrhage risk factors in term pregnancies like uterine over distention (macrosomia or multiple pregnancies); arrested descent labor; prolonged induction. Exclusion criteria are: coagulopathies; anemia; adhesion bands,; organ damage during surgery (intestine; colon; Bladder; etc); allergy for prostaglandins, abnormal placenta; need for extended surgery incision and underlying diseases (diabetes mellitus; hypertension; ischemic heart disease; etc).
 Comparison of phenylephrine and ephedrine for Hypotension treatment;  INTERVENTION: Group E received a 1‐mL bolus of ephedrine 6 mg/mL Group P received a 1‐mL bolus of phenylephrine 100 µg/mL Intervention 1: Group E received a 1‐mL bolus of ephedrine 6 mg/mL. Intervention 2: Group P received a 1‐mL bolus of phenylephrine 100 µg/mL. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: E00‐E90 Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases hypotension. ; Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hypotension. Timepoint: during surgery. Method of measurement: monitoring. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nausea and vomoting. Timepoint: after general anesthesia in recovery. Method of measurement: ask from patient. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients older than 18 yr.; ASA (American Society of Anesthesiologists) I and II; weight of 50–120 kg; height of 150–180 cm; women with singleton pregnancies scheduled for elective caesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia. Exclusion criteria: Women with pre‐existing or pregnancy‐induced hypertension, diabetes mellitus, known cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease, fetal abnormality, or contraindication to spinal anesthesia.
 Molecular and Clinical Effects of Green Tea and Fermented Papaya Preparation on Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases;  Type 2 diabetes is common in ethnic and, minority groups in developing and developed countries such as Africans, African Americans, Asians, Native Americans, Hispano‐Latinos and Alaskan indians. A randomized controlled study to assess the efficacy of fermented papaya preparation and green tea infusates in latent diabetes (individuals newly diagnosed as diabetics) is proposed. Glycation products from excess glucose autooxidation can chemically modify DNA causing mutations and cause complex DNA rearrangements. Advanced glycation end‐products which play a role as proinflammatory mediators in gestational diabetes can accelerate vascular occlusion by quenching the vasodilating agent nitric oxide. Interaction with high‐affinity receptors located on monocytes and macrophages can enhance the production of free radicals and reactive oxygen/nitrogen species, the secretion of tumor necrosis factor‐α, interleukin‐1 and insulin‐like growth factor I which can proliferate endothelial, mesangial and smooth muscle cells and hence contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of cardiovascular complications. The clinical markers include C‐reactive proteins (inflammation indicators), protein C (markers of reno vascular injury), uric acid, natriuretic peptides, and the integrity of isolated adipocytes, glucose levels, lipid indices (triglycerides, total cholesterol, VLDL, HDL and LDL). Given that decreased functional activity of activated protein C affects the permeability of the glomerular capillary wall and enhances apoptosis of glomerular endothelial cells and adipodocytes, this has relevance to the pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy. A second phase of the study is expected to commence after the first 16 weeks in order to assess the ability of the dietary factors to modulate atheroma formation and the integrity of drug therapy (upon commencement of treatment)on the prognosis of diabetes. This will be expected to last up to 3 years.
 A Multi-Center, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study Comparing SYR-322 Alone and Combination SYR-322 with Pioglitazone versus Placebo on Postprandial Lipids in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes;  INTERVENTION: At Baseline, subjects will be randomized to 1 of the following 3 treatment groups: * SYR‐322 25 mg placebo + pioglitazone HC1 30 mg placebo (N=25). * SYR‐322 25mg + pioglitazone HC1 30 mg placebo (N=25). * SYR‐322 25mg + pioglitazone HCl 30mg (N=25). CONDITION: ; Diabetes ; Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary endpoint is the change from Baseline in postprandial incremental ; area under the curve ; for triglycerides at Week 16.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. The subject is male or female, with a historical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, and must be aged 18 to 70 years, inclusive. 2. A female subject of childbearing potential who is sexually active agrees to use adequate contraception from screening throughout the duration of the study. Women NOT of child bearing potential are defined as those who have been surgically sterilized (hysterectomy, oophorectomy, tubal ligation) or who are post‐menopausal (defined as at least 2 years since last regular menses). Acceptable methods of contraception are defined in Section 9.1.11 Contraception and Pregnancy Avoidance Procedure. 3. The subject is capable of understanding and complying with the protocol requirements. 4. The subject has either failed treatment with diet and exercise for 3 months prior to Screening or has been receiving a stable dose of metformin, sulfonylurea, nataglinide, or repaglinide for more than 3 months prior to SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary objectives of this study are to evaluate effect of SYR‐322 and ; SYR‐322 ; coadministered with pioglitazone HC1 versus placebo on postprandial lipid ; parameters, ; postprandial lipoprotein parameters, postprandial GLP‐1, postprandial glucagon, ; postprandial ; glucose, postprandial insulin, measurements of glycemic control (ie, HbA1C, ; fasting plasma ; glucose, C‐peptide, insulin, proinsulin), inflammatory markers (ie, adiponectin ; and CRP), ; cardiovascular risk (ie, VCAM, ICAM, and e‐Selectin), and endothelial function ; (pulse wave ; tonometry). ; Safety variables will include incidence of treatment emergent adverse events ; (AEs), clinical ; laboratory evaluations, physical examination findings, vital signs, and 12‐lead ; ECGs readings. ; The effects of SYR‐322 and SYR‐322 coadministered with pioglitazone HC1 on the ; exploratory variables of; markers of oxidative stress, short term glycaemic ; control and HDL ; composition and function will be evaluated. ; ; The secondary efficacy endpoints are as follows: ; * Postprandial incremental AUC changes for triglycerides at Week 4. ; * Postprandial incremental AUC changes for lipid parameters. ; * Postprandial incremental AUC changes for lipoprotein parameters. ; * Postprandial changes over time in GLP‐1, glucose, insulin, and glucagon. ; * Fasting plasma glucose. ; * C‐peptide. ; * High‐sensitive CRP. ; * Adiponectin. ; * HbA1C. ; * Insulin. ; * Proinsulin. ; * VCAM. ; ; * ICAM. ; * e‐Selectin. ; * Endothelial function (pulse wave tonometry). ; To address the secondary objective of evaluating safety, the following ; variables will be used: ; * Physical examination findings. ; * Clinical laboratory evaluations. ; * Vital sign measurements. ; * 12‐lead electrocardiogram (ECG) findings. ; * Incidence of adverse events. ; Other exploratory efficacy variables: ; The following markers of oxidative stress, short term glycaemic control and HDL ; composition and function will be analyzed at baseline and week 16: ; * MDA (Malondialdehyde) ; * PGF (Prostaglandin F2* / F2‐isoprostanes) ; * oxLDL (Oxidized low‐density lipoprotein) ; * 1,5 A.G (1,5Anhydroglucitol) ; * HDL composition and function (HDL AOX, HDL tot chol, HDL free chol, HDL Tg, ; HDL ; PL) ;
 Effect of an interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention on metabolic and mental health outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: the MySweetheart trial;  Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) increases the risk of depression, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We tested the effect of a pre‐ and postpartum complex interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention on metabolic and mental health outcomes in women with GDM. Materials and methods: This single blinded randomized controlled trial was conducted at the Lausanne Hospital between September/ 2016 and October/2021. 211 pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned (1:1) to the intervention (n=105) or a guidelinesbased usual‐care (n=106). In addition to usual‐care, the intervention consisted of four interdisciplinary lifestyle visits during pregnancy and four in the postpartum, two peer‐support workshops, and a bimonthly telemedicine coach support. It focused on tailored behavioral and psychosocial strategies to improve diet, physical activity, mental health, social support, adherence to gestational weight gain (GWG) and weight retention recommendations. Primary outcomes were between‐group differences in the decrease in weight and attenuation of depression symptom scores between inclusion and 1‐year postpartum. Assessors were blinded to outcomes. Results: 84 women in the intervention and 95 in the usual‐care completed the study. There were no differences in the decrease in weight (β=‐0•40 [95% CI:‐2•1, 1•2]) or depression scores (β=‐0•95 [95% CI:‐2•46, 0•54]). Outcomes of body composition, glycemic parameters, aerobic and muscular fitness did not differ. The intervention led to an increase in fat‐free mass at 1‐year postpartum (β=0•02 [95% CI:‐0•05, ‐0•02]) after covariate adjustment. It decreased insulin use, GWG (β=‐1•20 [95% CI: ‐2•14, ‐0•26]), and the rate of weekly weight gain (β=‐0•14 [95% CI: ‐0•25, ‐0•03]) and led to a higher proportion of women without weight retention at 1‐year postpartum (34•1% vs 20•8%, p=0•034). Conclusion: Compared to an active guidelines‐based usual‐care, the intervention did not lead to additional decreases in weight or attenuation of depression symptoms at 1‐year postpartum. However, it decreased insulin use, GWG during pregnancy and increased the proportion of women without weight retention.
 The IDEAL Randomised Controlled Trial;  INTERVENTION: Intervention Group: women in the 'Intervention Group' will be advised that their oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results are normal but that they have borderline glucose intolerance. These women will receive a single face‐to‐face session of approximately 45 minutes duration providing individualised dietary and lifestyle advice from a qualified dietician, based on published recommendations of the Dieticians Association of Australia, that are culturally appropriate and meet the nutritional requirements of pregnancy. The following characteristics of the mother: age, pre‐pregnancy weight, activity level, current dietary intake and weight gain for the current and previous pregnancies will be considered in developing an individualised diet and exercise plan. Written information will be provided to the women detailing their dietary and exercise goals during pregnancy. This session with the dietician is to be scheduled as soon as possible after study enrolment (between 24 weeks and 34 weeks 6 days gestation). At each routine antenatal visit from enrolment until birth, women will have their weight recorded, blood glucose monitoring and further treatment, if appropriate. Progress with their dietary and exercise goals will be reviewed with their health professional. All other pregnancy care to be provided by the attending obstetric team according to current clinical practice in hospitals in Australia. They will be asked to complete a questionnaire on health related quality of life at 36 weeks gestation. They will also be asked about their physical activity and dietary habits. CONDITION: Pregnant women with borderline gestational diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of large for gestational age (LGA) infants defined as birthweight above the 90th centile for gestation and fetal sex on standardised birthweight charts. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women between 24 weeks 0 days and 34 weeks 6 days gestation with a singleton pregnancy, with a positive OGCT (venous plasma glucose >=7.8 mmol/L) and a normal 75 gram OGTT (fasting venous plasma glucose <5.5 mmol/L and a 2 hour glucose <7.8 mmol/L), who give written, informed consent. SECONDARY OUTCOME: For the infant: death or serious health outcome including one or more of fetal death after trial entry; death of a liveborn infant prior to hospital discharge; severe intrauterine growth restriction (birthweight < 3rd centile for gestation and fetal sex on standardised birth weight charts); severe respiratory distress syndrome (defined as MAP >10 cmH2O and or FiO2 >= 0.80); chronic lung disease (defined as need for oxygen at 36 weeks postmenstrual age); intraventricular haemorrhage grade 3 or 4; cystic periventricular leukomalacia; retinopathy of prematurity grade 3 or 4; necrotising enterocolitis; Apgar score < 4 at 5 minutes; seizures at <24 hours age or requiring two or more drugs to control; tube feeding >=4 days; care in neonatal intensive care unit >4 days; use of ventilation for >=24 hours. These definitions of serious infant outcomes are based on the definitions for adverse outcomes used by the Australian New Zealand Neonatal Network and from those considered by experts as important measures of morbidity at or beyond term. For the infant: other causes of infant morbidity as defined by: individual components of the composite infant outcome; neonatal jaundice requiring phototherapy; neonatal hypoglycaemia requiring treatment (defined as blood glucose < 2.5 mmol/L); shoulder dystocia; nerve palsy; bone fracture; gestational age at birth; preterm birth (less than 37 weeks gestation), Apgar score <7 at five minutes; weight, length, head circumference, small for gestational age (< 10th percentile for gestation and fetal sex on standardised birthweight charts); macrosomia (>=4 kg); need for admission to the neonatal nursery and length of stay; and need for admission to neonatal intensive care and length of stay; incidence and severity of respiratory distress syndrome, use of and length of mechanical ventilation, intraventricular haemorrhage on early cranial ultrasound, periventricular leukomalacia on later cranial ultrasound, need for oxygen therapy at 28 days or more of life, use of postnatal steroids, use of antibiotics in first 48 hours of life, proven systemic infection in first 48 hours of life, use of antibiotics after first 48 hours of life, proven systemic infection after first 48 hours of life, use of surfactant, nitric oxide for respiratory support, need for inotropic support, air leak syndrome, retinopathy of prematurity, patent ductus arteriosus requiring treatment, number of episodes of proven infection, proven necrotising enterocolitis, thrombocytopenia, neonatal encephalopathy (Sarnat Stage 1, 2 or 3). For the mother: serious health outcomes up to six weeks postpartum as defined by one or more of maternal death, pulmonary oedema; eclampsia; stroke; adult respiratory distress syndrome; cardiac arrest; respiratory arrest; placental abruption; haemolysis; coagulopathy; major postpartum haemorrhage; deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism requiring anticoagulant therapy. Maternal diet outcomes as measured by the Willett Food Frequency Questionnaire and exercise outcomes as measured y the Short Questionnaire to Assess Health Enhancing Physical Activity (SQUASH) at trial entry and 36 weeks gestation. Other adverse health outcomes for the woman as defined by: individual components of the composite maternal outcome; pre‐eclampsia; caesarean birth; induction of labour; need for antenatal hospitalization and length of stay; antepartum haemorrhage requiring hospital admission; weight gain during pregnancy; use of antihypertensive medication; chorioamnionitis requiring antibiotics during labour; length of postnatal hospital stay; use of postnatal antibiotics; and postpartum haemorrhage (>=500mls).
 Effects of high-intensity exercise training among women with previous gestational diabetes;  INTERVENTION: After baseline tests are performed, subjects will be randomised to either the exercise training group or the usual care (exercise advice) group. Exercise training: Subjects randomly allocated to the exercise training group will undertake supervised high‐intensity exercise training three times per week for eight weeks. Training will be conducted on a stationary exercise bike, located at either RPA Hospital or a gym close to the subject's home – whichever is more convenient for them. The training physiotherapist or exercise physiologist will supervise each training session and will monitor heart rate and symptom scores. As all sessions are supervised, attendance will be recorded throughout the training period. Participants will wear a heart rate monitor, i.e. sensing strap on their chest, and a watch. In the first week of training, after a 5‐min warm‐up, cycling at a low load, subjects will do six 30‐s efforts on the bike at a heart rate that is about 80‐90% of their maximum heart rate. For two minutes between each effort subjects will pedal at an easy load at 60‐70% of maximum heart rate. At the end of the session they will pedal at a low load for a 5‐minute cool down. The physiotherapist/exercise physiologist will increase the exercise periods to 60 s in the second week of training; and to two minutes for the final 6 weeks of exercise training. Recovery periods between exercise bouts will remain at two minutes. Each exercise training session will therefore only take between 25 to 35 minutes. CONDITION: Previous gestational diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycaemic status (HbA1c; glycated haemoglobin) measured by high‐performance liquid chromatography Peak oxygen uptake measured using a standard cycle ergometry protocol with expired gas analysis and ventilation analysis using a standardised and calibrated metabolic cart system INCLUSION CRITERIA: Glucose intolerance first diagnosed during pregnancy; at least 6 months post‐partum; not currently breast‐feeding; aged between 18 and 45 years of age. Current glucose intolerance not required. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Accelerometry to determine minutes per day of sedentary and moderate/vigorous intensity activity Accelerometry to determine steps per day Arterialized venous blood pH and PCO2 measured by autoanalzyer Barriers and motivators to exercise. These will be explored in an individual semi‐structured interview. Behavioural regulation in exercise questionnaire (BREQ‐3) created by David Markland PhD, C.Psychol School of Sport, Health & Exercise Sciences, University of Wales, Bangor Blood glucose measured by autoanalyzer Blood inflammatory markers (IL‐6, TNF‐alpha, CRP) measured by ELISA Blood lactate measured by autoanalyzer Brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) utilising standardised Doppler method Endothelial Vasodilator Function measured by standardised EndoPAT Trademark protocol Exercise self‐efficacy questionnaire Expectations and experiences (including acceptability) of the aerobic interval training or usual care/exercise advice. These are qualitative outcomes that will be explored by semi‐structured interview; and themes will be presented together in discussion.. Fatigue severity scale questionnaire and VAS fatigue Free fatty acids measured by spectrophotometric method Global Physical activity questionnaire (GPAQ) Heat shock proteins (Hsp90, 72) by serum (Hsp90) or plasma (Hsp72) assay Lung volumes measured by body plethysmograph system. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMP‐2, ‐9) by zymography and MMP‐1, ‐7 and tissue inhibitor TIMP‐1 by ELISA monocyte cell surface marker expression and mitochondrial DNA concentration performed on RNA and DNA isolated from whole blood using the Qiagen whole blood DNA or RNA isolation kit Monocyte number count isolated using a percoll gradient NT pro‐BNP measured by ELISA Peak annulus velocity in early diastole (ventricular relaxation) at rest and during 50% pre‐training upright max workload cycling in left‐leaning supine position measured by echocardiography Peripheral nerve function: H‐reflex and M‐wave of tibial nerve using the QTRAC system (semi‐automated computerized system) and a multifunction data acquisition system. Peripheral nerve function: Motor and sensory nerve excitability of median nerve using standard surface electromyography (EMG) Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index questionnaire Pulmonary blood flow measured by intra breath acetylene dilution Questionnaire: Appraisal of diabetes scale Questionnaire: Depression anxiety stress scale‐21 (DASS21) Questionnaire: Exercise benefits/barriers scale Questionnaire: Physical activity stages of change Questionnaire: SF12v2 with PIQ‐6 measures pain severity and impact along with measures of functional health and well‐being Serum insulin measured by ELISA Single breath diffusing capacity measured by body plethysmograph system. Spirometry measured by body plethysmograph system. Stroke volume at rest and during 50% pre‐training upright max workload cycling in left‐leaning supine position measured by echocardiography
 Relationship between insulin resistance during pregnancy and diastolic dysfunction in early childhood;  BACKGROUND: Maternal hyperglycemia is caused by an imbalance between higher insulin resistance and insufficient insulin secretion response. Uncontrolled maternal hyperglycemia is associated with increased morbidity in pregnant women and their children, including neonatal cardiac hypertrophy. The biological mechanisms responsible for neonatal hypertrophy are not clearly understood but its link with poorly controlled maternal hyperglycemia suggests an implication of hyperinsulinemia during fetal development. Ventricular wall hypertrophy may impair myocardial relaxation and recent studies have observed signs of diastolic dysfunction in children born from mothers with diabetes even when no cardiac hypertrophy was present. We sought to prospectively evaluate diastolic function in 3‐year old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. METHODS: This is a prospective cohort study that included 89 mother‐child dyads. Women were recruited during pregnancy and were classified according to the results of their oral glucose tolerance test: 19 mothers with gestational diabetes (treated according to national guidelines), 31 mothers with untreated insulin resistance (IR), and 39 control mothers. Children underwent echocardiography at a follow‐up visit 3 years after birth. Echocardiographic measurements were performed by two experienced echocardiography technicians and evaluation of diastolic function was done by a pediatric cardiologist blinded to study groups. Abnormal diastolic function was defined as having abnormal pulsed waved Doppler and/or tissue Doppler velocities Z scores compatible with impaired myocardial relaxation. RESULTS: Nine out of the 89 children had abnormal velocities compatible with impaired relaxation. The proportions of subjects with abnormal diastolic function was 5.1% in the control group, 10.5% in the GD group, and 16.1% in the IR group. The relative proportions of children with impaired relaxation between study groups was statistically significant when comparing all study groups (p=0.03), but not statistically significant when comparing individual groups with the control group (DG vs. control, p=0.29; IR vs. control, p=0.10). There was no difference between groups for the thickness of ventricular septum, thickness of posterior wall, or LV mass. CONCLUSION: In this study, children born from mothers that had high insulin resistance during pregnancy tended to have more frequent mild impairment of diastolic function at 3 years of age. Further research should aim to verify this association with larger study groups.
 Nudge intervention to transition care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a randomized clinical trial;  Objective: Scalable interventions are needed to improve preventative care for those with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk identified during pregnancy. We hypothesized that a nudge (reminder message) would increase counseling by the postpartum visit (PPV) provider on transitions of care and CVD risk after pregnancy. Study Design: Single center randomized trial (NCT04660032) including all women >=18 years with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) enrolled in our postpartum blood pressure monitoring program, Heart Safe Motherhood, and with a PPV 4‐12 weeks after delivery. Women were randomized 1:1 to usual care versus a nudge. The nudge was sent to the provider through the electronic medical record (EMR) a week prior to the scheduled PPV. The nudge included counseling phrases and patient‐specific information on HDP, gestational diabetes, and primary care provider. The same phrases were available through the EMR phrase manager for the usual care group. The primary outcome was documentation of counseling on transitions of care to primary care or cardiology. Secondary outcomes were documentation of CVD risk, whether the nudge was opened by the provider within 7 days, and use of the counseling phrases. Intention to treat analyses were performed, with p< 0.05 considered significant. Results: We randomized 222 women between 2/8/21 and 6/10/21 of which 91.8% attended a PPV. Groups were similar, but more women in usual care had diabetes (Table 1). Women in the nudge group were more likely to have documented counseling on transitions of care (RR 1.69, 95% CI 1.09‐2.60), CVD risk (RR 2.55, 95% CI 1.23‐5.30), and use of aspirin in a future pregnancy (RR 7.66, 95% CI 1.79‐32.82). These findings remained significant after adjustment for diabetes. Within 7 days of being sent, 100% of nudges had been accessed in the EMR by the receiving provider. Counseling phrases were used more often in the nudge group (11.5 vs. 1.9%, p=0.006). Conclusion: A timely nudge improved counseling about transitions of care and CVD risk after HDP. The impact of the nudge on preventative care and health outcomes merits investigation. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
 Anti-mullerian hormone levels are not associated with vascular complications in pregnancies among infertile women;  Introduction: Hypertensive disease during pregnancy is considered an early manifestation of cardiovascular disease. Recent data have linked low maternal AMH levels with hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Cohort and case control studies have found that women who develop gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are more likely to have lower AMH in the first trimester and at the time of diagnosis of the hypertensive disorder compared to normotensive pregnant controls. It has been suggested that compromised vascular health could act as a causative mechanism in early ovarian aging. The relationship between ovarian aging and vascular complications in pregnancy has not been evaluated among infertile women. Objective: To determine the association of serum AMH levels and vascular complications in pregnancy among the Assessment of Multiple Intrauterine Gestations after Ovarian Stimulation (AMIGOS) participants. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial. 223 live births resulted after randomization to letrozole, clomiphene or gonadotropins with insemination in women with unexplained infertility. 220 subjects had serum AMH levels measured at baseline. Vascular complications were defined as preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction or placental abruption. Low AMH was defined as AMH levels <1.2 ng/ml. Odds ratios were used to compare vascular complications among cases and controls and logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between AMH and vascular complications, after adjusting for age, ethnicity, BMI, nulliparity, new partner, multifetal gestations, diabetes, gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension. Results: 35 subjects experienced vascular complications. The cases were more likely to be older, nulliparous and have a new partner, multifetal gestation, gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension compared to controls (p<0.05). There was no difference in the incidence of vascular complications among subjects with low AMH and subjects with normal AMH (18.8% vs. 14.5%, OR 1.26 (95% CI 0.32‐1.71, p=0.476)). Logistic regression showed no association with AMH and vascular complications (adjusted OR 0.94 (95% CI 0.77‐1.15, p=0.571)). Conclusions: In women with diminished ovarian reserve and unexplained infertility, low AMH was not associated with an increased risk of vascular complications in pregnancy. Further research is necessary to understand the relationship between early ovarian aging and vascular health.
 Glycaemic & Cardiovascular Treatment Outcomes of Voglibose Vs Glibenclamide Added to Metformin in T2DM Patients;  BACKGROUND: Diabetes is an increasingly important risk factor for CVD, and individuals with diabetes as compared to those without diabetes continue to have an increased risk of both all‐cause and cardiovascular mortality. It can be classified as type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and others. Metformin is a T2DM first line Oral Hypoglycaemic Agent (OHA). It usually requires a second line add‐on drug if blood glucose control is not on target. The add‐on drug can either be insulin, an injectable incretin mimetic, or an OHA. The choice of the OHA should be considered with regard to improving the glycaemic control as well as reducing the cardiovascular disease risk. Glibenclamide, a Sulphonylurea, is a commonly used OHA in Zambia. Sulphonylureas are associated with hypoglycaemia and arrhythmias. On the other hand Voglibose, an alpha glucosidase inhibitor (AGI), is not associated with hypoglycaemia or with negative cardiovascular events. The alpha‐glucosidase inhibitors (AGIs), (acarbose, voglibose and miglitol) reduce postprandial hyperglycaemia by reducing the absorption of glucose in the gastrointestinal tract after a carbohydrate meal. AGIs are more effective at lowering postprandial insulin levels than Sulphonylureas. Reduced postpradial glycaemia prevents macrovascular complications. Since maize (a carbohydrate) is a staple food in Zambia, there is need to investigate the glycaemic control in patients with T2DM using voglibose which is as affordable as glibenclamide. The main aim of this study will be to investigate the extent of glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk parameter effects of voglibose versus glibenclamide add‐on therapies in Zambian patients with T2DM as we do not have published studies on these parameters in our patients. METHODOLOGY: This study will be a 12 weeks dual‐center prospective interventional open‐label randomised controlled trial to comparatively evaluate the glycaemic and cardiovascular treatment outcomes of voglibose versus glibenclamide add‐on therapies in native Zambian patients with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled on 2g/day of metformin monotherapy. In this study, glycaemic and cardiovascular parameters will be quantified and classified in the laboratory to determine extent of glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk reduction as patients report for their scheduled visits at the adult diabetes OPD clinics at University Teaching Hospital and Matero General Hospital. Participants to be included will be male and female native Zambian patients aged 22 to 59 years on metformin monotherapy for at least 12 weeks with HbA1c> 7.0%. They will be randomly allocated to two treatment arms i.e the voglibose‐metformin or the glibenclamide‐metformin regimen in a 1:1 computer generated randomisation. The participants will then be followed up to the 6th and 12th week for data collection. A comparative analysis of the expected outcome of interest which is the change in the extent of glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk reduction in the two groups will be done at the 12th week. This study is significant as it will help to determine the glycaemic and cardiovascular risk status of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus on voglibose and glibenclamide, thereby ascertain improvement in their healthcare and treatment outcomes.
 Comparison between sitagliptin and nateglinide on postprandial lipid levels: the STANDARD study;  Aim: To assess the effects of sitagliptin and nateglinide on lipid metabolism. Methods: In a parallel group comparative open trial, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus under treatment at the Japanese Red Cross Medical Center were randomly assigned to receive either sitagliptin (50 mg once daily) or nateglinide (90 mg three times daily before meals). Eligible patients met the following criteria: age ≥ 20 years; hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) > 6.5% despite diet and exercise; HbA1c between 6.5% and 8.0%; fasting glucose < 7.77 mmol/L; diet and exercise therapy for more than 3 mo; and ability to read and understand the information for written informed consent. Exclusion criteria were contraindications to sitagliptin, contraindications to nateglinide, pregnancy or possible pregnancy, and severe liver/renal failure. Patients who were considered to be unsuitable by the attending physician for other reasons were also excluded. Blood samples were collected at one and three hours after intake of a test meal. The primary outcome measure was the area under the curve (AUC) of apolipoprotein (Apo) B48 at three hours postprandially. Results: Twenty patients were randomly assigned to the sitagliptin group and sixteen patients were randomized to the nateglinide group. All 36 patients took the medication as directed by the physician in both groups, and they all were analyzed. Apart from antidiabetic drugs, there was no difference between the two groups with respect to the frequency of combined use of lipid‐lowering, antihypertensive, and/or antiplatelet drugs. The doses of these medications were maintained during 12 wk of treatment. Detailed dietary advice, together with adequate exercise therapy, was given to the patients so that other factors apart from the two test drugs were similar in the two groups. There were no significant differences of the baseline characteristics between the two groups, except for body mass index (the sitagliptin group: 25.14 ± 3.05 kg/m2; the nateglinide group: 21.39 ± 2.24 kg/m2). Fasting levels of HbA1c, glycated albumin, 1.5‐anhydroglucitol, and blood glucose, as well as the blood glucose levels at one and three hours postprandially, improved in both groups after 12 wk of treatment, and there were no significant differences between the two groups. However, the glucagon level at one hour postprandially (P = 0.040) and the diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.01) only showed a significant decrease in the sitagliptin group. In the nateglinide group, there was no significant change in the AUC of Apo B48, the glucagon level at one hour postprandially, the fasting triglyceride level, or the diastolic blood pressure. Body weight was unchanged in both groups. However, the AUC of Apo B48 at three hours postprandially showed a significant decrease in the sitagliptin group from 2.48 ± 0.11 at baseline to 1.94 ± 0.78 g/L per hour after 12 wk (P = 0.019). The fasting triglyceride level also decreased significantly in the sitagliptin group (P = 0.035). With regard to lipid‐related markers other than Apo B48 and fasting triglycerides, no significant changes were observed with respect to Apo A1, Apo B, or Apo C3 in either group. No adverse events occurred in either group. Conclusion: Sitagliptin significantly improves some lipid parameters while having a comparable effect on blood glucose to nateglinide. A large‐scale prospective study of sitagliptin therapy is warranted. © 2013 Baishideng.
 Efficacy of Tranexamic Acid in Reducing Blood Loss During and After Caesarean Section;  Caesarean Section (C.S) is the most common major surgical procedure performed on women worldwide and its rates continue to rise steadily in both developed and developing countries (Gibbons et al., 2012). Caesarean Section is associated with more blood loss than vaginal delivery; there is a trend for increasing rates in both developed and developing countries (Betra´n, 2007). The National US Caesarean section rate leveled off at 32.8% in 2010 and 2011 (Hamilton et al., 2012). Caesarean Section accounts for 20‐25% of all deliveries in the UK (Fairley Dundas, 2011). C.S rates have increased to as high as 25‐30 % in many areas of the world, in Pakistan the (C.S) rate is 25% (Najmi, 2000). In many areas of China the (C.S) rate is as high as 40‐50% (Zhang, 2008). The main causes of death following a (C.S) are infection, hemorrhage, pulmonary embolism, and anesthesia ‐ associated complications, caesarean section has been an important underlying cause of death in Norway and contributed to the increased maternal death ratio in the last decade (Vangen and Bergsjo, 2003). Delivery by (C.S) can cause more complications than normal vaginal delivery and one of the most common complications is primary or secondary postpartum hemorrhage up to 20% (Lu et al., 2005). Obstetric hemorrhage can be life threatening, therefore to reduce the morbidity and mortality due to obstetric hemorrhage we need to reduce the bleeding at C.S (Bingham, 2012). Postpartum hemorrhage is a major cause of maternal mortality, especially in under‐resourced countries, accounting for nearly one ‐ quarter of all maternal deaths worldwide (WHO, 2007). Recent studies from developed countries reported an increase in the rate of postpartum hemorrhage, which has been attributed (at least in part) to arise in the rate of C.S (Bateman et al., 2010). As the incidence of Caesarean Section is increasing, and the average blood loss during Caesarean Section is (1000 ml) is double the amount of lost during vaginal delivery (500 ml) (Magann, 2005). The hematocrit falls by 10 % and blood transfusion is required in 6% of woman undergoing Caesarean Section, Compared with 4% of woman who have a vaginal birth (RCOG, 2004). Tranexamic acid (TXA) is a synthetic derivative of the amino acid lysine that exerts its anti‐fibrin lytic effect through the reversible blockade of lysine binding sites on plasminogen molecules. It has been in used for many years for reducing the blood loss in surgeries (Astedt, 1987). TXA has been shown to be very useful in reducing blood loss and incidence of blood transfusion in many surgeries.In gynecology and obstetrics, TXA is most commonly used to treat idiopathic menorrhagia and is an effective and well ‐ tolerated treatment when administered orally. Bleeding associated with pregnancy (placental abruption, placenta previa) has also been treated with TXA (Dunn, 1999). Furthermore, some randomized controlled studies have shown that TXA reduces blood loss after C.S (As et al., 1996). No large randomized controlled trail of the efficacy of TXA in controlling blood loss during C.S has been reported, This randomized double blind, placebo controlled study will evaluates the efficacy of TXA in reducing blood loss during and after C.S. Aim of the Work The aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of tranexamic acid in reducing blood loss during and after elective C.S. The Research Question Is Tranexamic acid effective in reducing blood loss during and after elective Caesarean section? The Research Hypothesis The TXA could be able to reduce blood loss during and after elective Caesarean section. The null hypothesis will therefore state that: There will be no difference between TXA and placebo in reducing blood loss during and after elective Caesarean section. Patients and Methods This will be a prospective, randomized controlled trial that will be carried at Obstetrics and Gynecology Department, Ain Shams Maternity Hospital. The study will include 100 pregnant women with singleton fetus 38 or more weeks gestation who will be divided in to two groups. Study group will include 50 women and control group will include 50 women. Women assigned to the study group will receive 1 gr of TXA injection (Kapron, AMOUN Pharmaceutical co.) given slowly I.V over 10 minutes before the operation. The control group will receive 30ml of 5% glucose. Both provider and patient will be double‐blinded until the conclusion of the study. The type of anesthesia will be decided by the surgeon and anesthetist after counseling the patient. The inclusion criteria for the trial include: ‐ Pregnant women aged 20‐40 with singleton fetus 38 or more weeks. ‐ Uncomplicated pregnancy, up to 3rd parity. ‐ Women undergoing scheduled elective C.S. Exclusion criteria will include: ‐ Causes of uterine over‐distention such as polyhydramnios or macrosomia ‐ Grand multi parity ‐ Previous PPH (3 x risk) or previous history of retained placenta ‐ Pre‐eclampsia or pregnancy‐induced hypertension ‐ Maternal hypertension. ‐ Pre‐existing maternal hemorrhagic conditions ‐ Maternal diabetes mellitus. ‐ Abnormal placenta ‐ Sensitivity to TXA. ‐ Women taking anticoagulant therapy. Assessment of the intraoperative blood loss will be started after the uterine incision by collection of the suctioned blood and by weighing surgical towels. Post‐operative blood loss will be assessed during the first 24 hour by weighingthe pads. HB level & Hematocrit will be investigated before and 24 hours after surgery. The weight of the dry towels will be subtract from the weight of wet towels and the weight of the blood will be change in to volume using the formula {density of blood is 1060/m3; slightly denser then water so volume of the blood = weight multiply 0,9}). Sample size determination: Assuming a rate of intraoperative blood loss ranging between 650ml in group 1 & 450ml in group 2 with a SD of 300ml, a sample size of 48 patients in each group is enough to detect such difference, if true, at 0,05 alpha error and 0,09 power of the test (Kemal, 2010). Randomization and allocation: Interventional randomized controlled trial will be conducted using systemic random sampling allocation. Dark sealed envelopes containing the intervention and taken from a table of numbers, created by a third party not involved in the allocation process. Randomization will be performed by picking one envelope for each patient from sequentially numbered envelopes on the day of intervention initiation, by a nurse not involved in the study and the patient will informed about the allocation arm. Blinding: This will be a randomized double blind trial, both the provider and researcher will be blinded to reduce bias; double‐blind, placebo‐controlled clinical trial, neither the provider nor the researchers know who is getting a placebo and who is getting the treatment to avoid information and calculation bias. Ethical consideration and informed consent This clinical trial will be proposed to the ethical and review committee of Ain Shams University for approval. An informed consent explaining the clinical trial and possible side effects of TXA will be obtained from each patient included in the trial.
 Effects of Physical Activity in Patients With Diabetes;  According to the World Health Organization (WHO), diabetes is defined as a disease that occurs when the insulin hormone which is responsible for regulating blood glucose and secreted by the pancreas. It cannot be produced individually or used effectively by the body. It is a chronic disease with high morbidity and mortality and adversely affected by diabetes complications. Purpose in diabetes treatment; control of the individual's blood glucose level, prevention or control of complications. From the moment of diagnosis, healthy lifestyle changes are recommended for metabolic control in individuals with diabetes. Diabetes is classified as type 1, type 2, other specific causes and gestational diabetes according WHO. 90‐95% of diabetes cases diagnosed all over the world are type 2 diabetes, 5‐10% is type 1 diabetes and 2‐3% is other diabetes types. During exercise, oxygen and glucose input to muscle cells increases and regular physical activity provides metabolic control. Many studies have shown that physical activity has a protective effect on impaired glucose tolerance and prevents the risk of cardiovascular diseases and premature death in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, 60‐70% of individuals with type 2 diabetes can not reach their daily physical activity goal and most of them can not maintain their regular exercise program. In order to prevent patients from giving up exercise early, it is important to provide personal counseling at certain periods, to encourage, support and advice during exercises, and to explain the exercises in a way that patients can understand. In our study, patients with type 2 diabetes will be randomly divided into 3 groups as physical activity counseling and pilates exercise group, only physical activity counseling group, and control followed only with family physician recommendations and follow‐up. It is planned to do the pilates exercises for 50 minutes a day, 2 days a week during 12 weeks with physiotherapist. Pilates group patient will make pilates exercise once a week alone. Individual exercise sessions will start with 5‐10 minutes of warm‐up exercises and end with cool‐down exercises in the same time. Overall in the program; stretching exercises in different positions (standing and lying), exercises to increase the flexibility of the trunk muscles, upper extremity movements with and without an exercise ball, strengthening exercises with theraband will be applied. Types of movements to strengthen all abdominal muscles, muscles around the hips, back muscles, muscles in the shoulder girdle (shoulder bridge, corkscrew, roll‐up, roll down, clam, side kick, staggered legs, scissors, swimming, swan dive, breast stroke preparation, Abdominal preparation, oblique preparation) will be used alternately in different sessions, from easy to difficult. Pilates exercises will be performed with light and relaxing music. Within the scope of physical activity, moderate and / or high intensity aerobic exercise recommended by cIntegrating physical activity in primary care practice. The American Journal of Medicine (ACSM) will be recommended 150 minutes in a week. Care will be taken not to take a break for more than 2 days between two exercise days. In addition, strengthening exercises that will maintain or increase muscle strength including large muscle groups at least 3 days a week will be determined in accordance with the patient's current possibilities. Recommendations will be given for possible complications such as hypoglycemia during and after exercise. During physical activity counseling, considering the current physical and metabolic status of the person, the person‐based 5A model of ACSM will be adapted to individuals with diabetes and physical activity consultancy will be provided. The 5A model consists of assess, advise, agree, assist, and arrange subsections. 1. Assess: The person's level of knowledge about physical activity and diabetes, his perspective on exercise, his exercise history, readiness for change, fatigue, personal history and family history, and drug use will be evaluated. By asking open‐ended questions, his attitude towards exercise will be determined. 2. Advise: The benefits of physical activity and the risks of physical inactivity will be explained, morbidities that may develop due to diabetes, the relationship of diabetes with physical activity, and exercise types will be mentioned. Short‐term and long‐term effects of exercise will be explained. 3. Agree: Cooperation will be made with the client in line with the person's wishes, interests and physical activity goals. Environmental resources for physical activity will be evaluated and appropriate guidance will be made. OMRON HJ 109 brand pedometer will be used for determining, monitoring and improving the level of physical activity. 4. Assist: Misunderstanding situations will be explained by helping the person identify and solve their problems with physical activity. Potential resources park, gym, etc., solutions will be produced together for the obstacles on the way to physical activity. 5. Arrange: A follow‐up meeting will be held with the client one day a week, and the target will be determined for the next week. At the end of the interviews, the situation is summarized and it is aimed to increase clarity. During the interviews, motivational interview technique will be applied by the consultant, and a person‐centered approach will be provided by establishing empathy. Before and after the 12‐week intervention program of all patients, metabolic control variables (body mass index, fasting blood glucose, HbA1c value, HDL, LDL, total cholesterol, triglyceride values) will be evaluated. Physical activity levels with IPAQ, exercise capacity with 6‐minute walking test (6MWT), functional balance with Berg balance test and quality of life with SF‐36 will be evaluated. Body fat percentage, visceral fat amount, body mass index and muscle mass amounts in the trunk and extremities will be calculated with the Jawon X‐Contact 350 device. Exercise intensity during exercise will be determined by speaking test. Metabolic control variables will be analyzed in the Healthy Life Park Blood Collection Unit affiliated to Iskenderun District Health Directorate after the permits are taken. Evaluation methods, exercise and consultancy applications will be carried out in Iskenderun Healthy Life Center. Only the participants in the family doctor follow‐up will continue their routine doctor checks and recommendations. An "Assessment Form" will be created to record the demographic and disease information of all cases included in the study. Diabetes year, prediabetes diagnosis time, history, family history, treatments taken, medications used, posture analysis with New York Posture Analysis, range of motion, muscle strength and shortness assessment and foot examination will be recorded in the evaluation form. Semmes Weinstein monofilament will be used for foot examination. All analyzes will be performed using SPSS (Statistical Package for Social Sciences) for Windows 22. The compliance of the data to normal distribution will be evaluated by drawing the Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test and histogram. Parametric tests will be used for data suitable for normal distribution. Data that are not suitable for normal distribution will be analyzed with non‐parametric tests. Variables will be defined by their mean and standard deviation values. Analyzes and correlations between groups will be examined separately with appropriate tests. A value of p<0.05 will be considered statistically significant.
 Inflammation markers and insulin like growth factor binding protein 1 in women with gestational diabetes treated with metformin or insulin;  Background and aims: The prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM) is increasing worldwide. Pregnancy as such influences inflammation markers. Modulation of inflammatory mediators such as high sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hsCRP) and interleukine‐6 (IL6) occurs in GDM. Insulin like growth factor binding protein 1 (IGFBP1) has been associated to obesity in pregnancy and GDM. Our aim was to characterise the inflammatory profile of GDM, its changes during pregnancy and the possible effects of metformin compared to insulin. Moreover, we examined the associations of birth weight with inflammation markers and IGFBP1. Materials and methods: 217 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM were randomized to receive either metformin (n 110) or insulin (n 107). Fasting serum samples were collected at mean 30 gestational weeks (gw) and at 36 gw. In addition, baseline serum samples of 126 women with GDM achieving sufficient glycemic control with lifestyle modifications only were included in the study. Concentrations of hsCRP, IL6, matrix metalloproteinase‐8 (MMP8), glycoprotein acetylation (GlycA), IGFBP1 and its entirely and partly phosphorylated isoforms, were measured using ELISA and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy in the case of GlycA. Statistical analyses were done using Mann‐Whitney U, t‐test or Wilcoxon signed‐rank test and Spearman's rank correlation. Results: At baseline none of the variables differed significantly between diet and medically treated groups. In medically treated groups combined, hsCRP decreased (p = 0.01), whereas IL6 (p = 0.002) and GlycA (p < 0.001) increased from baseline to 36 gw. MMP8 was unchanged. All IGFBP1 isoforms increased (p < 0.001). GlycA (8.3% vs 5.6%, p = 0.02) and non‐phosphorylated IGFBP1 (29% vs 18%, p = 0.008) increased more in the metformin than in the insulin group. At baseline BMI and fasting C‐peptide correlated positively with hsCRP, IL6 and GlycA. On the contrary, IGFBP1s correlated inversely with BMI and C‐peptide. Baseline, but not 36 gw, GlycA correlated positively and IGFBP1 inversely with birth weight, while MMP8 measured at 36 gw correlated inversely with birth weight. In regression analysis one SD change in MMP8 was associated to 72 g lower birth weight independent of BMI and smoking (95%CI: 8.1‐150). Conclusion: Serum concentrations of inflammation markers change significantly during the last trimester of pregnancy in GDM patients. The changes were parallel between medically treated groups. However, metformin associated with a higher increase in GlycA and a simultaneous decrease in hsCRP, thus not explicitly indicating either a pro‐ or antiinflammatory environment. High IGFBP1, which has been associated to a healthier metabolic profile, rose more in metformin group. Most of themarkersmeasured relate toBMI and C‐peptide but respond differently to progression of pregnancy, thus together providingmore detailed insight of inflammation in GDM. High MMP8, previously associated to cardiovascular risk and insulin resistance, did not correlate with BMI or fasting C‐peptide in our data, unlike the other inflammation markers at baseline. Yet it was the onlymarkermeasured at 36 gw relating to birth weight. Our results suggest that compared to insulin, metformin does not have unfavourable effects on GDM pregnancy in terms of inflammation markers.
 Effects of Metabolic Syndrome on Intestinal Flora, Inflammatory Factors, and Infants of Pregnant Patients;  BACKGROUND: To explore the effects of metabolic syndrome (MS) on intestinal flora, inflammatory factors and infants of pregnant patients. METHODS: A total of 62 pregnant patients with MS in our hospital from March 2016 to February 2017 were randomly selected as the case group, while 62 pregnant women without MS in our hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. The general clinical conditions, anthropometric parameters [height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, hip circumference, waist‐to‐hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure and body fat content], laboratory test indexes [fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), serum C‐reactive protein (CRP), interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) and intestinal flora], and infant outcomes were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: In the case group, the mean gestational age was higher, and the proportions of subjects with a family history of diabetes, a family history of cardiovascular disease, and a history of cesarean delivery were greater than those in the control group (p < 0.05). In the case group, the BMI, waist circumference, WHR, body fat content, and mean systolic pressure were higher and larger than those in control group (p < 0.05). The case group had higher levels of FBG, HbA1c, FINS, HOMA‐IR, TC, TG, HDL‐C, LDL‐C, serum CRP, and IL‐6 than the control group (p < 0.05). In the case group, the levels of Enterobacteria and Saccharomycetes were higher (p < 0.05), while the levels of Bifidobacteria, Lactobacilli, and Bacteroidetes were lower than those in the control group (p < 0.05). The newborn birth weight was larger in the case group than that in the control group (p < 0.05), and the incidence rates of fetal macrosomia, hyperbilirubinemia, fetal distress, and meconium aspiration syndrome were higher in the case group than those in the control group (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with MS have a higher risk of imbalance of intestinal flora, mild inflammatory response and glucolipid metabolism disorder.
 Screening for high risk pregnancies with an app;  INTERVENTION: The app (and its contents) have been designed by a group of clinicians by consensus and built by a specialized IT company. Women answer questions on an app and the app calculates maternal risk for a number of potential complications in pregnancy. Women attending all the antenatal clinics, whilst in the hospital waiting for their booking visit, will be asked to participate in the study. Women will be randomised to completing the app questions as either ‘pre’ or ‘post’ their midwifery visit. Recruitment staff will provide a patient information sheet to participants with an opt‐out explanation for those that do not want to participate. These information sheets will be translated into two other languages. Non‐english speaking women will be provided the patient information sheet in the appropriate language. The app will be completed in the appropriate language. At the end of the survey the women will be asked to complete a short satisfaction survey about their experiences. Midwives will be asked about their time spent on various processes during their interview eg time spent counselling, collecting information or organizing appointments. The questions being asked by the app are: demographic, family history, personal medical history, obstetric history, social history and well being assessment. Completion of the app takes approximately 10mins. They will complete the app on an iPad provided to them or can complete it on their phones (accessed by QR code or weblink). The midwife interviews are conducted by a variety of midwives who run the booking‐in clinics. They aim to cover the same range of topics as in the app. The midwives however also provide counselling and support and advice as a matter of routine clinical practice. The interviews will be condu CONDITION: Antenatal care;Preeclampsia;Gestational Diabetes;Fetal Growth Restriction; ; Antenatal care ; Preeclampsia ; Gestational Diabetes ; Fetal Growth Restriction Public Health ‐ Health promotion/education Reproductive Health and Childbirth ‐ Antenatal care Reproductive Health and Childbirth ‐ Fetal medicine and complications of pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Assess the comparison in identifying high risk women with the SCREEN app compared to the current practice (and the current gold standard) of midwifery booking‐in assessment. (includes: identified as high risk for asthma, blood disorder, gestational diabetes, recurrent miscarriage, cardiac condition, preeclampsia, calcium disorder, premature labor, seizures, thromboembolism, thyroid disorder, recurrent UTI or psycho social support); ; Data will be collected from the medical record based on the assessment of the index midwife versus the outcomes of the risk assessment og the app. ; ; This has been established as a composite outcome. But as a secondary outcome‐ each of these will be assessed individually. [At completion of the app and midwifery visit (+/‐7days) ] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assess patient reported experiences of app usage for booking in information with a simple study‐specific satisfaction survey that the patients complete[At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days)] Assess the accuracy of each of the answers to questions in the SCREEN app compared to the primary source of medical information ‐ the electronic medical record as documented at the end of the interaction. eg DOB, aboriginality, Medicare number,[At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days)] Assess the inter‐technique comparison of booking information derived from the app compared to the information derived form a regular booking visit for each of the diagnostic categories included in the composite of the primary outcome. ; ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Pregnant women attending booking‐in visit at any of the antenatal clinics at SWSLHD ; At the end each midwifery visit‐an assessment will be made of risk of 1.PET (referral made to PET clinic),2. High risk GDM (sent for early GTT),3. Referral for cardiac assessment 4. Hematological condition and referral to haem clinic 5. Mental health concerns‐ referred to PIMS (local mental health support) 6. Thyroid disorder ‐referred to endocrine clinic 7. Recurrent UTI risk‐ referral to renal clinic 8. Seizure disorder‐ noted in notes and neurology liaison 9. Preterm labor ‐ referral to feto‐maternal unit for assessment 10. Asthma optimization‐ note in medical record and referral to asthma carer 11. Calcium disorders‐ referral to endocrinologist 12 Venous thromboembolism risk‐ as assessed on VTE form on the electronic medical record 13. Recurrent miscarriage‐ referral sent to feto maternal unit /therapy for miscarriage ; Midwifery referrals sent will be assessed from the medical record and noted in the midwifery note of the encounter. The app is not linked to the medical record. Research staff will review the medical record. The app is programmed to assess risks for the issues listed above and the app will be able to provide the risk for each category listed above. The app output will be compared to the medical record. ; [Completion of app and satisfaction surveys and midwifery visit (+/‐ 7days)] Compare app calculated gestation to ascertained gestation from the primary health record[At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days)] Compare EDD from the app to the staff calculated estimated date of delivery ; The staff calculated EDD data will be assessed by review of medical records. The app estimated date of delivery will also be assessed by accessing app analytics[At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days)] Length of time to complete the survey‐ this will be undertaken via the analytics built in to the app[At completion of the app questionnaire] Proportion of time (and raw value for time) that health staff spent after the consult resolving issues and organizing referrals. The midwife will be asked to nominate the amount of time they spent undertaking this task. [At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days) ; ] Proportion of time (and raw value for time) that health staff spent on the consult. The midwife undertaking the visit with estimate the proportion of time. [At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days) ; ] Proportion of time (and raw value for time) that health staff spent prior to the consult resolving issues and preparing. This will be undertaken by asking the midwives who are undertaking the clinical review. They will estimate the proportion of time spent on the various parts of the consultation and note start and finish times. [At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days)] The app is supposed to automatically generate an email of a PDF containing all the patient answers that is sent to a nominated email. We will check with the analytics of the app whether if patients completed the survey whether a PDF was sent. This will be correlated with checking the email for receipt of the PDF. [At completion of the app questionnaire and midwifery visit (+/‐7days)] 2. Aged 16years or older
 Metformin and sitAgliptin in patients with impAired glucose tolerance and a recent TIA or minor ischemic Stroke (MAAS): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Impaired glucose tolerance is present in one third of patients with a TIA or ischemic stroke and is associated with a two‐fold risk of recurrent stroke. Metformin improves glucose tolerance, but often leads to side effects. The aim of this study is to explore the feasibility, safety, and effects on glucose metabolism of metformin and sitagliptin in patients with TIA or minor ischemic stroke and impaired glucose tolerance. We will also assess whether a slow increase in metformin dose and better support and information on this treatment will reduce the incidence of side effects in these patients. METHODS/DESIGN: The Metformin and sitAgliptin in patients with impAired glucose tolerance and a recent TIA or minor ischemic Stroke trial (MAAS trial) is a phase II, multicenter, randomized, controlled, open‐label trial with blinded outcome assessment. Non‐diabetic patients (n = 100) with a recent (<6 months) TIA, amaurosis fugax or minor ischemic stroke (modified Rankin scale ≤ 3) and impaired glucose tolerance, defined as 2‐hour post‐load glucose levels between 7.8 and 11.0 mmol/L after repeated standard oral glucose tolerance test, will be included. Patients with renal or liver impairment, heart failure, chronic hypoxic lung disease stage III‐IV, history of lactate acidosis or diabetic ketoacidosis, pregnancy or breastfeeding, pancreatitis and use of digoxin will be excluded. The patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1:2 ratio to metformin, sitagliptin or "no treatment." Patients allocated to metformin will start with 500 mg twice daily, which will be slowly increased during a 6‐week period to a twice daily dose of 1000 mg. Patients allocated to sitagliptin will be treated with a daily fixed dose of 100 mg. The study has been registered as NTR 3196 in The Netherlands Trial Register. Primary outcomes include percentage still on treatment, percentage of (serious) adverse events, and the baseline adjusted difference in 2‐hour post‐load glucose levels at 6 months. DISCUSSION: This study will give more information about the feasibility and safety of metformin and sitagliptin as well as the effect on 2‐hour post‐load glucose levels at 6 months in patients with TIA or ischemic stroke and impaired glucose tolerance. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NTR3196 , Date of registration: 15 December 2011.
 Metformin and sitAgliptin in patients with impAired glucose tolerance and a recent TIA or minor ischemic Stroke (MAAS): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Impaired glucose tolerance is present in one third of patients with a TIA or ischemic stroke and is associated with a two‐fold risk of recurrent stroke. Metformin improves glucose tolerance, but often leads to side effects. The aim of this study is to explore the feasibility, safety, and effects on glucose metabolism of metformin and sitagliptin in patients with TIA or minor ischemic stroke and impaired glucose tolerance. We will also assess whether a slow increase in metformin dose and better support and information on this treatment will reduce the incidence of side effects in these patients. METHODS/DESIGN: The Metformin and sitAgliptin in patients with impAired glucose tolerance and a recent TIA or minor ischemic Stroke trial (MAAS trial) is a phase II, multicenter, randomized, controlled, open‐label trial with blinded outcome assessment. Non‐diabetic patients (n = 100) with a recent (<6 months) TIA, amaurosis fugax or minor ischemic stroke (modified Rankin scale ≤ 3) and impaired glucose tolerance, defined as 2‐hour post‐load glucose levels between 7.8 and 11.0 mmol/L after repeated standard oral glucose tolerance test, will be included. Patients with renal or liver impairment, heart failure, chronic hypoxic lung disease stage III‐IV, history of lactate acidosis or diabetic ketoacidosis, pregnancy or breastfeeding, pancreatitis and use of digoxin will be excluded. The patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1:2 ratio to metformin, sitagliptin or "no treatment." Patients allocated to metformin will start with 500 mg twice daily, which will be slowly increased during a 6‐week period to a twice daily dose of 1000 mg. Patients allocated to sitagliptin will be treated with a daily fixed dose of 100 mg. The study has been registered as NTR 3196 in The Netherlands Trial Register. Primary outcomes include percentage still on treatment, percentage of (serious) adverse events, and the baseline adjusted difference in 2‐hour post‐load glucose levels at 6 months. DISCUSSION: This study will give more information about the feasibility and safety of metformin and sitagliptin as well as the effect on 2‐hour post‐load glucose levels at 6 months in patients with TIA or ischemic stroke and impaired glucose tolerance. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NTR3196 , Date of registration: 15 December 2011.
 A prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial comparing early (7 day) corticosteroid cessation versus long-term, low-dose corticosteroid therapy;  OBJECTIVE: To compare outcomes with early corticosteroid withdrawal (CSWD) and chronic low dose corticosteroid therapy (CCS). SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA: Final, 5‐year results from the first randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial of early CSWD (at 7 days posttransplant) are presented. METHODS: Adult recipients of deceased and living donor kidney transplants without delayed graft function were randomized to receive prednisone (5 mg/d after 6 months posttransplant) or CSWD. Blinding was maintained for 5 years. This clinical trial is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00650468). RESULTS: Results in 386 patients CSWD (n = 191), CCS (n = 195) are presented (CSWD; CCS). No differences were observed at 5 years in the proportion of patients experiencing: primary end point (composite of death, graft loss, or moderate/severe acute rejection) (30/191 (15.7%); 28/195 (14.4%)), patient death (11/191(5.8%);13/195 (6.7%)), death‐censored graft loss (11/191 (5.8%); 7/195(3.6%)), biopsy confirmed acute rejection (BCAR) (34/191 (17.8%); 21/195 (10.8%), P = 0.058), moderate/severe acute rejection (15/191 (7.9%); 12/195 (6.2%)). Kaplan Meier analyses of the primary end point and its components also showed no differences; but BCAR was higher with CSWD (P = 0.04). Increased BCAR episodes were primarily corticosteroid‐sensitive Banff 1A rejections: the incidence of antibody‐treated BCAR was similar between groups (11/191 (5.8%); 13/195 (6.7%)). No differences in renal function were observed at 5 years: mean serum creatinine (1.5 +/‐ 0.6; 1.5 +/‐ 0.7 mg/dL), or Cockroft Gault calculated creatinine clearance (58.6 +/‐ 19.7; 59.8 +/‐ 20.5 mL/min). CSWD was associated with improved serum triglycerides (evaluated by mean and median change from baseline) at all time points (except at 5 years measured by mean change). Weight change also demonstrated changes favoring CSWD (median change from baseline at 5 years: 5.1 vs. 7.7 kg, P = 0.05). New onset diabetes after transplant (NODAT) was similar with respect to proportions who required treatment (23/107 (21.5%)); 18/86 (20.9%); however, fewer CSWD patients required insulin for NODAT at 5 years (4/107 (3.7%)); 10/86 (11.6%), P = 0.049). Changes in HgA1c values (from baseline) were lower in CSWD patients at all time points except 4 years. CONCLUSIONS: Early CSWD, compared with CCS, is associated with an increase in BCAR primarily because of mild, Banff 1A, steroid‐sensitive rejection, yet provides similar long‐term renal allograft survival and function. CSWD provides improvements in cardiovascular risk factors (triglycerides, NODAT requiring insulin, weight gain). Tacrolimus/MMF/antibody induction therapy allows early CSWD with results comparable to long‐term low dose (5 mg/d) prednisone therapy.
 Implementation of a Mediterranean Diet Program for Overweight or Obese Pregnant Women in a Low-resource Clinical Setting;  The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is a well‐known healthy diet that consists of a largeamount of plant‐based foods such as fruits, vegetables, beans, and nuts with extra virginolive oil (EVOO) as the principal source of fat. Dairy, fish, and poultry are consumed inmoderation and red meat only eaten occasionally. A growing body of evidence demonstratesthat outside of pregnancy, the MedDiet is associated with a reduction of cardiovasculardisease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and certain cancers. However, the potentialclinical benefits of MedDiet in pregnancy are understudied with most data originatingfrom clinical trials in Europe. Proper nutrition during pregnancy has multiple healthbenefits. A mother eating a healthy diet has a higher probability of meeting the demandsrequired for a normal fetal development. In addition, she is more likely to achieve therecommended gestational weight gain thereby reducing the risk of pregnancy‐relatedcomplications. Finally, a healthy diet is associated with a reduction of chronicconditions such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life for both the motherand the infant.
 Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: results of the pro-active study;  Introduction: Women with a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intra‐uterine growth restriction and/or gestational diabetes are at increased risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Lifestyle intervention may help these women to effectively lower these risks. Objectives: To test if offering lifestyle intervention after a complicated pregnancy significantly reduces weight (primary objective) and/or other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors (secondary objective). Methods: The Pro‐Active study (Postpartum Rotterdam Appraisal of Cardiovascular health and Tailored Intervention) is a feasibility study to develop and evaluate a postpartum lifestyle intervention program. In a prospective casecontrol setting we tested the effect of the lifestyle intervention. Women were included between April 2007 and August 2009. They were eligible if ≥18 years old at time of inclusion, being able to understand and speak the Dutch language and not having pre‐existing conditions that could interfere with the lifestyle intervention. Cases were offered lifestyle intervention by a trained counsellor between 6 and 10 months postpartum. During 3 private sessions, mainly exercise and fat‐intake and to some extend smoking habits were discussed and aims were made to improve lifestyle. Controls did not receive these sessions, but were not restricted to improve lifestyle on their own. Anthropometric and laboratory measurements were taken at 6 and 10 months postpartum and again at 13 months postpartum to test for durability of the effects. Results: During our study 1121 women gave birth after a complicated pregnancy. Four hundred and ninety Women were eligible for the study of which 240 women (49%) gave informed consent to participate. 56 Women (23%) were lostto‐follow‐up, leaving 186 women for the analysis. Between 6 and 13 months postpartum weight was significantly reduced in cases compared to controls by 2.1 kg (95% > CI 0.4‐3.7), resulting in a 0.7 kg/m2 (0.1‐1.3) lower BMI. Also systolic blood pressure (5.0 mmHg (0.3‐9.7)), waist circumference (4.6 cm (2.6‐6.6)) and waist‐to‐hip ratio (0.03 (0.01‐0.04)) were significantly improved in cases compared to controls. Heart rate, hip circumference and total cholesterol were significantly improved within cases, but not compared to controls. Diastolic blood pressure and fasting glucose were not improved. Conclusion: Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy may be effective in lowering weight and improving other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors. It suggests that now is prudent and justified to start a large‐scale randomised controlled trial to validate our results.
 Pregnancy Exercise Mode Effect on Childhood Obesity;  Many public health initiatives in the United States, including Healthy People 2020, have goals that include reducing obesity (OB), metabolic dysfunction, and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Studies such as the Bogalusa project have now demonstrated that overweightness (OW), beginning as early as age five, is predictive of adult CVD. In fact, the onset of OW/OB and CVD may begin in the intrauterine period, and infant birth weight and weight gain are strongly related to OB in childhood and beyond. OW/OB mothers and their offspring exhibit increased morbidity and mortality; the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) has developed guidelines geared toward reducing maternal OW/OB through exercise. However, few studies have focused on how such exercise interventions during pregnancy impact short and long‐term child health outcomes. Furthermore, little is known regarding the influence of different modes of antenatal exercise upon maternal and offspring health outcomes. The long‐term goal of this study is to attenuate child‐ and adulthood OB and CVD risk by identifying the most effective and easily implemented maternal exercise interventions. The investigators have shown that maternal aerobic exercise (AE) in women of all BMIs favorably impacts maternal cholesterol and LDL levels, which are predictive of infant weight. Furthermore, maternal AE is associated with decreased fetal abdominal circumference (AC), lower body fat percentage at one month, and improved infant neuromotor skills. Our preliminary data for pregnant women of all BMIs suggests that resistance exercise (RE) confers similar benefits to infants at one month as compared to AE, plus improvements such as decreased BMI z‐scores, increased metabolomic signatures for glucose use, and decreased metabolites of inflammatory pathways. The most striking finding from this preliminary work is that adding RE to AE improved outcomes for both mothers and infants. Thus, the COMBINATION of aerobic and resistance exercise (AERE) not only had better maternal and one month infant outcomes (versus AE alone), but AERE groups had the best compliance. The positive changes were most pronounced in the infants of OW/OB women. A more comprehensive, longitudinal study geared toward OW/OB mothers is needed to confirm our preliminary work and to assess the persistence of exercise impacts through the infants' first year of life. The overall objective of this proposal is to conduct a longitudinal prospective study of OW/OB pregnant women and their offspring to determine which antenatal maternal exercise mode(s) will have the greatest impact on maternal and infant cardiometabolic health. This information may lead to modified clinical practice recommendations that improve health in childhood and possibly beyond. This randomized controlled trial will recruit 268 OW/OB pregnant women randomized to an exercise intervention (AE, RE, AERE) or to no exercise (usual care); their infants will be measured at 1, 6, and 12 months of age. This rigorous design will test our central hypothesis that AERE and RE exercise training during pregnancy will, in OW/OB women, improve maternal and offspring cardiometabolic outcomes to a greater extent than AE alone. The investigators will test this hypothesis with two specific aims: Aim 1. Determine the influence of different exercise modes during OW/OB pregnancy on infant cardiometabolic health and growth trajectories. Hypothesis: AE, RE, and AERE by OW/OB pregnant women will improve offspring neuromotor and cardiometabolic measures at 1, 6, and 12 months postpartum (e.g. decreased BMI z‐score, body fat %, non‐HDL, heart rate, and C‐Reactive Protein (CRP); increased insulin sensitivity) compared to infants of OW/OB pregnant women that do not exercise; AERE and RE will have the greatest impact on improving infant measures. Aim 2. Determine the most effective exercise mode in OW/OB pregnancy on improving maternal cardiometabolic health outcomes. Hypothesis: AE, RE, and AERE by OW/OB pregnant women will improve both maternal cardiometabolic health measures (e.g. decreased BMI z‐score, body fat %, HR, non‐HDL, weight gain) across pregnancy ( 13 to 40 weeks gestation) and overall pregnancy outcomes (e.g. lower incidence of gestational diabetes, pre‐eclampsia, hypertension during gestation) compared to OW/OB pregnant women that do not exercise; AERE and RE will have the greatest impact on improving maternal health measures, with the AERE group having the highest compliance with improved health outcomes. The proposed innovative study will be the first to provide a critical understanding of the influence of antenatal exercise modes upon the cardiometabolic health and growth trajectories of offspring who are at increased risk due to maternal OW/OB. This work will have a significant impact on reducing the cycle of OB and CVD, potentially providing the earliest and most efficacious intervention to attenuate or prevent OB and CVD in the next generation.
 Effect of Vitamin D on Metabolic Profile in Overweight or Obese Women;  Vitamin D deficiency is a worldwide health problem and is determined as a risk factor in Cardiometabolic disorders including Cardiovascular disease, Metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The investigators investigated the effect of vitamin D3 supplementation on metabolic profile in overweight or obese women. A double blind randomized clinical trial was conducted in 77 premenopause overweight or obese women. Participants were classified into two groups : vitamin D supplementation [1000 IU/day as cholecalciferol tablets (n=39)] or placebo (n=38). Vein blood samples were taken after at least 12 hours overnight fasting. Selected anthropometric measures, blood pressure Lipids, lipoproteins and glycemic indices were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks. Body fat mass was determined using BIA. Also the investigators assessed dietary intake using 24 hours food recall and semi‐quantitative food frequency and physical activity using IPAQ questionnaires. The investigators conducted the study between October 2009 and March 2010 at the Medical school, Tehran, Iran. Recruitment began in October 2009 via advertisements and was terminated in October 2009. The investigators excluded patients with a history of Cardiovascular disease, Liver disease, Gastrointestinal disease, Kidney disease, diabetes mellitus, and Osteoporosis. Moreover, pregnancy, lactation, vegetarianism, and intake of dietary supplements were the exclusion criteria.
 Study the preventive effect of Carvedilol therapy against Adriamycin-induced acute cardiotoxicity in breast cancer patients by measurement of myocardial deformation index;  INTERVENTION: Carvedilol tab 12.5 mg daily for 5 months during chemotherapy Intervention 1: Carvedilol tab 12.5 mg daily for 5 months during chemotherapy. Intervention 2: placebo tab daily for 5 months during chemotherapy. placebo tab daily for 5 months during chemotherapy Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Breast, unspecified Condition 1: breast cancer. Condition 2: heart failure. ; Breast, unspecified ; Congestive heart failure Congestive heart failure PRIMARY OUTCOME: Strain rate. Timepoint: before intervention, at the middle of intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: echocardiography. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Complications of carvedilol. Timepoint: during intervention. Method of measurement: by taking history. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: breast cancer patients who are candidate for chemotherapy with adriamycin. Exclusion criteria: documented heart disease; history of radiation or chemotherapy for cancer; metastatic disease; atrial fibrillation; BMI more than 30; creatinin more than 2; EF less than 30%; pulmonary congestion; beta blocker contraindications; insulin dependent diabetes mellitus; major depression; suicide attempt; pregnancy
 Effect of Pioglitazone and Clobetasol;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: those who received 1 tablet of Pioglitazone 15 mg every day till the end of the experiment. Intervention 2: Control group: those who received topical Clobetasol lutions 0.05% on their lesions every night till the end of the experiment. CONDITION: L66.1 lichen planopilaris. ; Lichen planopilaris PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of lichen planopilaris based on lichen palonopilaris activity index. Timepoint: assessing the disease severity before starting the intervention and 2,4, 6 month after starting the medications. Method of measurement: Lichen planopilaris activity index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: All patients between 15‐70 years old with lichen planopilaris localized disease in which there was no need for systemic immunosuppressors no pregnancy or history of OCP consumption the patient a new case or was a known case who did not receive medication during the las three months no history of consuming a drug interaction with Pioglitazone no contraindication for Pioglitazone consumption such as diabetes mellitus, heart failure, hypersensitivity reaction to Pioglitazone Assign written informed consent
 Effect of water activity on musculoskeletal pain in pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: In the intervention groups, in addition to the usual prenatal cares, Participate in the water physical activity program, 3 times a week for 8 weeks.The sessions were composed of three phases: warming up exercises; the main phase (divided into aerobic exercise and force and resistance exercise) and a phase of stretching and relaxation. Intervention 2: Control group: They were received the usual prenatal care. CONDITION: M54.5 Musculoskeletal pain. ; Low back pain PRIMARY OUTCOME: Musculoskeletal pain in pregnant women. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Nordic musculoskeletal pain inventory, Roland Maurice Low Back Pussy Questionnaire, Visual Analogue. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having musculoskeletal pain Not having chronic diseases (blood pressure, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc.) Not having known musculoskeletal disorders based on mother's statement Gestational age 23‐20 weeks
 Developing a protocol for managing pregnant women with heart disease in India, and evaluating the efficacy of the new protocol in improving pregnancy outcome compared to standard care;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Protocolised Cardio Obstetric Care: A protocol for managing heart disease in pregnant women will be developed in the first observational phase. The sites randomized to Protocolised Cardio Obstetric Care group, will follow the management pattern as suggested by the newly developed protocol. This phase will last for about twenty four months (till all the patients enrolled during the phase, complete their pregnancy and the mandatory follow up) Control Intervention1: Enhanced usual Care Group: Comparator group will include the sites randomized to the enhanced usual care. These sites will follow the usual care followed as before for managing pregnant women. This phase will last for about twenty four months (till all the patients enrolled during the phase, complete their pregnancy and the mandatory follow up) CONDITION: Health Condition 1: O994‐ Diseases of the circulatory systemcomplicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Composite Maternal adverse events as mentioned below ; Maternal death ; Resuscitated cardiac arrest ; ; New or worsening maternal heart failure requiring treatment escalation or hospitalization (Left‐sided heart failure (HF) or pulmonary edema; right‐sided HF) ; ; New onset or recurrent sustained cardiac arrhythmia requiring treatment ; ; Systemic thrombo‐embolism ; ; Hemorrhagic complications (Major bleed or minor bleed as per ISTH Criteria) ; ; Venous thrombo‐embolism (DVT / PE / Invictus trial) ; ; Cerebrovascular accident / Stroke ; ; Infective endocarditis ; ; Prosthetic valve thrombosis ; ; Aortic dissection developing during pregnancy ; ; Acute coronary syndrome / SCAD ; ; Performance of urgent cardiac intervention up to 6th postpartum week ; ( like PTMC, Pericardiocentesis, RF ablation) ; ; Timepoint: 42 days after delivery ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: All consecutive pregnant women with known or newly detected heart diseases mentioned below, seeking antenatal care in the participating sites will be eligible for inclusion. Structural Heart disease‐ congenital or acquired Arrhythmic heart disease Ischemic heart disease Aortic diseases Pulmonary vascular disease SECONDARY OUTCOME: Admission to neonatal intensive care unit ; Timepoint: 6 weeks in the post natal period Cardiac hospitalization ; Timepoint: Antenatal period and upto 6 weeks in the post natal period Congenital anomalies (including CHD) in the new born ; Timepoint: 6 weeks in the post natal period Decline in NYHA functional class = 2 during pregnancyTimepoint: 42 days after delivery Duration of stay in ICU ; Timepoint: Antenatal period and upto 6 weeks in the post natal period Elective cardiac interventions done (Lysis, ablation, Balloon, surgery)Timepoint: Antenatal period and upto 6 weeks in the post natal period Fetal loss after 20th week. ; Timepoint: First 20 weeks in the antenatal period Gestational diabetes ; Timepoint: Antenatal Period Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy ; Timepoint: Antenatal Period Low birth weight (less than 2.5 kg irrespective of gestational age) ; Timepoint: During delivery Maternal DeathTimepoint: 6 months Miscarriage (fetal loss up to 20 weeks) ; Timepoint: First 20 weeks in the antenatal period Mode of delivery (If LSCS – emergency LSCS / elective LSCS, Cardiac indication / obstetric indication) ; Timepoint: Peripartum Period Neonatal death ; Timepoint: 6 weeks in the post natal period PPH ; Timepoint: Peripartum Period Preterm birth ; Timepoint: During Delivery PROM‐ Premature rupture of membranes ; Timepoint: During delivery Small for gestational ageTimepoint: During Delivery Urgent unplanned cardiac hospitalizationTimepoint: Antenatal period and upto 6 weeks in the post natal period
 The effect of selenium on preventing pregnancy induced hypertension;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Pregnant women from 24 to 40 weeks of pregnancy (duration:16 weeks) will get 200 micrograms of selenium per day orally. Intervention 2: Pregnant women from 24 to 40weeks of pregnancy (duration: 16 weeks) based on study criteria will not get any medication. Pregnant women from 24 to 40 weeks of pregnancy (duration:16 weeks) will get 200 micrograms of selenium per day orally. Pregnant women from 24 to 40weeks of pregnancy (duration: 16 weeks) based on study criteria will not get any medication. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Pre‐existing hypertension complicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium Preeclampsia. ; Pre‐existing hypertension complicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hypertension. Timepoint: 24 weeks and 32 weeks of gestational age and delivery time. Method of measurement: mmHg and with Sphygmomanometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Urine protein. Timepoint: 24wks , 32wks , delivery time. Method of measurement: urinaryanalysis. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Singleton pregnancy; gestational age of 24 weeks; willingness to participate in the study; body mass index of 19 to 30 and at least 4 kg during the first 6 month of pregnancy weight gain as well. Exclusion criteria: Abnormal fetal ultrasound; the risk of chronic disease such as diabetes and hypertension; hypertension drugs requirement; chronic and sever illness of the kidney; adrenal, thyroid and parathyroid; cardiovascular; infection; malignancies, immune system disorders; use of alcohol and tobacco; severe stress in pregnancy period; consumption anti‐cancer drugs; aspirin; anticoagulants; daily using over 60 mg of iron; daily using calcium and consumption of zinc.
 Aphanizomenon Flos-aquae extract effect on mobilization of bone marrow stem cells;  INTERVENTION: AFA (intervention) group: 1 capsule of StemFlo before breakfast and 2 capsules StemEnhance after dinner for a period of 12 weeks Control group: 1 placebo capsule of StemFlo before breakfast and 2 placebo capsules of StemEnhance after dinner for a period of 12 weeks Intervention 1: Control group: 1 placebo capsule of StemFlo before breakfast and 2 placebo capsules of StemEnhance after dinner for a period of 12 weeks. Intervention 2: AFA (intervention) group: 1 capsule of StemFlo before breakfast and 2 capsules StemEnhance after dinner for a period of 12 weeks. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. ; Diabetes Mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Stem cell marker of CD34. Timepoint: Before and After treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Flocytometry method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN). Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. C‐peptide. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. Creatinine. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Enzymatic Calorimetry. Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c). Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Chromatography. Height. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Stadiometer. High Density Lipoprotein (HDL). Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Enzymatic Calorimetry. Interleukine‐6 (IL‐6). Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL). Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Enzymatic Calorimetry. Malon Dialdehyde (MDA). Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Enzymatic Calorimetry. SGOT. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. SGPT. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Elisa. Total Cholestrol. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Enzymatic Calorimetry. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Enzymatic Calorimetry. Weight. Timepoint: Before and After Treatment (0 and 12 weeks). Method of measurement: Digital weight gauge. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with type 2 diabetes; between 20 to 60 years with HbA1C=7.5% will be included in the study. Exclusion criteria are pregnancy; presence advanced diabetic complications; renal failure or cardiovascular disease; use of vitamin or mineral supplements in the last 2 months before the study; change or introduction of new medications to the treatment of diabetes, and a history of inflammatory illness or cancer.
 Early antiviral treatment in outpatients with COVID-19 (FLARE): a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial;  Objectives: The objective of this trial is to assess whether early antiviral therapy in outpatients with COVID‐19 with either favipiravir plus lopinavir/ritonavir, lopinavir/ritonavir alone, or favipiravir alone, is associated with a decrease in viral load of SARS‐CoV‐2 compared with placebo. Trial design: FLARE is a phase IIA randomised, double‐blind, 2x2 factorial placebo‐controlled, interventional trial. Participants: This trial is being conducted in the United Kingdom, with Royal Free Hospital, London as the lead site. Participants are non‐hospitalised adults with highly suspected COVID‐19 within the first 5 days of symptom onset, or who have tested positive with SARS‐CoV‐2 causing COVID‐19 within the first 7 days of symptom onset, or who are asymptomatic but tested positive for SARS‐CoV‐2 for the first time within the last 48 hours. Inclusion criteria are as follows: 1.Any adult with the following:Symptoms compatible with COVID‐19 disease (Fever >37.8°C on at least one occasion AND either cough and/ or anosmia) within the first 5 days of symptom onset (date/time of enrolment must be within the first 5 days of symptom onset)OR ANY symptoms compatible with COVID‐19 disease (may include, but are not limited to fever, cough, shortness of breath, malaise, myalgia, headache, coryza) and tested positive for SARS‐CoV‐2 within the first 7 days of symptom onset) (date/time of enrolment must be within the first 7 days of symptom onset)OR no symptoms but tested positive for SARS‐CoV‐2 within the last 48 hours (date/time of test must be within 48 hours of enrolment)2.Male or female aged 18 years to 70 years old inclusive at screening3.Willing and able to take daily saliva samples4.Able to provide full informed consent and willing to comply with trial‐related procedures Exclusion criteria are as follows:1.Known hypersensitivity to any of the active ingredients or excipients in favipiravir and matched placebo, and in lopinavir/ritonavir and matched placebo (See Appendix 2)2.Chronic liver disease at screening (known cirrhosis of any aetiology, chronic hepatitis (e.g. autoimmune, viral, steatohepatitis), cholangitis or any known elevation of liver aminotransferases with AST or ALT > 3 X ULN)*3.Chronic kidney disease (stage 3 or beyond) at screening: eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73m2 *4.HIV infection, if untreated, detectable viral load or on protease inhibitor therapy5.Any clinical condition which the investigator considers would make the participant unsuitable for the trial6.Concomitant medications known to interact with favipiravir and matched placebo, and with lopinavir/ritonavir and matched placebo, and carry risk of toxicity for the participant7.Current severe illness requiring hospitalisation8.Pregnancy and/ or breastfeeding9.Eligible female participants of childbearing potential and male participants with a partner of childbearing potential not willing to use highly effective contraceptive measures during the trial and within the time point specified following last trial treatment dose.10.Participants enrolled in any other interventional drug or vaccine trial (co‐enrolment in observational studies is acceptable)11.Participants who have received the COVID‐19 vaccine *Considering the importance of early treatment of COVID‐19 to impact viral load, the absence of known chronic liver/ kidney disease will be confirmed verbally by the participant during pre‐screening and Screening/Baseline visit. Safety blood samples will be collected at Screening/Baseline visit (Day 1) and test results will be examined as soon as they become available and within 24 hours. Intervention and comparator: Participants will be randomised 1:1:1:1 using a concealed online minimisation process into one of the following four arms:Arm 1: Favipiravir + Lopinavir/ritonavir Oral favipiravir at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7.Arm 2: Favipiravir + Lopinavir/ritonavir placebo Oral favipiravir at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir matched placebo at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7.Arm 3: Favipiravir placebo + Lopinavir/ritonavir Oral favipiravir matched placebo at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7.Arm 4: Favipiravir placebo + Lopinavir/ritonavir placebo Oral favipiravir matched placebo at 1800mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 400mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7 PLUS lopinavir/ritonavir matched placebo at 400mg/100mg twice daily on Day 1, followed by 200mg/50mg four (4) times daily from Day 2 to Day 7. Main outcomes: The primary outcome is upper respiratory tract viral load at Day 5. Secondary outcomes:Percentage of participants with undetectable upper respiratory tract viral load after 5 days of therapyProportion of participants with undetectable stool viral load after 7 days of therapyRate of decrease in upper respiratory tract viral load during 7 days of therapyDuration of fever following commencement of trial medicationsProportion of participants with hepatotoxicity after 7 days of therapyProportion of participants with other medication‐related toxicity after 7 days of therapy and 14 days post‐randomisationProportion of participants admitted to hospital with COVID‐19 related illnessProportion of participants admitted to ICU with COVID‐19 related illnessProportion of participants who have died with COVID‐19 related illnessPharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analysis of favipiravirExploratory: Proportion of participants with deleterious or resistance‐conferring mutations in SARS‐CoV‐2 Randomisation: Participants will be randomised 1:1:1:1 using a concealed online minimisation process, with the following factors: trial site, age (≤ 55 vs > 55 years old), gender, obesity (BMI <30 vs ≥30), symptomatic or asymptomatic, current smoking status (Yes = current smoker, No = ex‐smoker, never smoker), ethnicity (Caucasian, other) and presence or absence of comorbidity (defined as diabetes, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease (including previous myocardial infarction), other heart disease (arrhythmia and valvular heart disease), asthma, COPD, other chronic respiratory disease). Blinding (masking): Participants and investigators will both be blinded to treatment allocation (double‐blind). Numbers to be randomised (sample size): 240 participants, 60 in each arm. Trial Status: Protocol version 4.0 dated 7th January 2021. Date of first enrolment: October 2020. Recruitment is ongoing, with anticipated finish date of 31st March 2021. Trial registration: The FLARE trial is registered with Clinicaltrials.gov, trial identifying number NCT04499677, date of registration 4th August 2020. Full protocol: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol.
 The effects of hyperbaric and isobaric bupivacaine on the Bispectral Index in cesarean section with spinal anesthesia;  INTERVENTION: 2.5 cc hyperbaric bupivacaine 0.5%. Duration of intervention: single dose in 10 seconds spinal injection. Duration of treatment: During spinal anesthesia in operating room 2.5 cc isorbaric bupivacaine 0.5%. Duration of intervention: single dose in 10 seconds spinal injection. Duration of treatment: During spinal anesthesia in operating room Intervention 1: 2.5 cc hyperbaric bupivacaine 0.5%. Duration of intervention: single dose in 10 seconds spinal injection. Duration of treatment: During spinal anesthesia in operating room. Intervention 2: 2.5 cc isorbaric bupivacaine 0.5%. Duration of intervention: single dose in 10 seconds spinal injection. Duration of treatment: During spinal anesthesia in operating room. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Complications of anesthesia during pregnancy. ; Other complications of anesthesia during pregnancy Other complications of anesthesia during pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bispecteral Index. Timepoint: at the baseline ( 2 h before surgery) and then 5th, 10th, 15th, 30th, 45th, 60th, 90th and 120th minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: with attachment of probes of Cerebral Status Monitoring to the parturient. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Electromyography. Timepoint: at the baseline ( 2 h before surgery) and then 5th, 10th, 15th, 30th, 45th, 60th, 90th and 120th minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: with attachment of probes of Cerebral Status Monitoring to the parturient. Signal Quality Index. Timepoint: at the baseline ( 2 h before surgery) and then 5th, 10th, 15th, 30th, 45th, 60th, 90th and 120th minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: with attachment of probes of Cerebral Status Monitoring to the parturient. Temperature. Timepoint: at the baseline ( 2 h before surgery) and then 5th, 10th, 15th, 30th, 45th, 60th, 90th and 120th minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: with tympanometer from the tympanic membrane. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Parturients; ASA physical status I‐II; scheduled for elective cesarean section; using spinal anesthesia; Exclusion Criteria: suspicious to bleeding disturbances; atopia; diabetes mellitus; presence of liver or kidney diseases; drugs abuse; complicated pregnancy; preeclampsia
 15. Jahrestagung der Osterreichischen Gesellschaft fur Endokrinologie und Stoffwechsel;  The proceedings contain 49 papers. The topics discussed include: correction of vitamin d deficiency in critically ill patients: a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled pilot study; exceptional bone mineral density gain over 6 years attributable to permanent hypoparathyroidism after thyroidectomy in a 36‐year‐old woman; increased physical activity is associated with favourable body composition and higher bone density; association between bone mineral density and coronary atherosclerosis in patients with Type‐2 diabetes; assessment of fatty liver index (FLI) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Type‐2 diabetes mellitus is a common complication following cardiac transplantation: does developing glycemia prevent catch‐up in bone mineral density?; and thyroid stimulating hormone‐secreting pituitary adenoma: a rare, diagnostically challenging, and potentially curable disease.
 Proyecto Mamá: a lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese Hispanic women: a randomised controlled trial--study protocol;  BACKGROUND: The proportion of women entering pregnancy overweight or obese has been rising and, in turn, is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Gestational weight gain (GWG) exceeding Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines further increases health risks and has been independently associated with postpartum weight retention. Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity, but have had limited access to interventions that promote healthy lifestyles due to cultural, socioeconomic, and language barriers. Therefore, the overall goal of this randomized controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually‐tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce excess GWG, increase postpartum weight loss, and improve maternal metabolic status among overweight/obese Hispanic women. METHODS/DESIGN: Overweight/obese Hispanic women are recruited in early pregnancy and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in‐person, telephone counseling, and mailed print‐based materials) are used to deliver the intervention from early pregnancy (12 weeks gestation) to 6 months postpartum, with follow‐up to 1 year postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve IOM Guidelines for GWG and postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and includes strategies to address the specific social, cultural, and economic challenges faced by low‐income Hispanic women. Assessments are conducted at baseline ( 10 weeks gestation), mid pregnancy (24‐28 weeks gestation), late pregnancy (32‐34 weeks gestation) and postpartum at 6‐weeks, 6‐months, and 12‐months by bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy is assessed via GWG, postpartum weight loss, and biomarkers of glycemic control, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Changes in physical activity and diet are measured via 7‐day accelerometer data and 24‐h dietary recalls at each assessment time period. DISCUSSION: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity. This randomised trial uses a high‐reach, low‐cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01868230 May 29, 2013.
 Lifestyle Intervention in Preparation for Pregnancy (LIPP);  Specific Aim 1: To investigate the physiological significance of lifestyle intervention in preparation for pregnancy (LIPP) on maternal and neonatal metabolism and adiposity. Introduction/Rationale: Our preliminary data demonstrate that supervised lifestyle intervention leads to significant weight loss, improved insulin sensitivity, glucose tolerance and incretin secretion, together with healthier cardiovascular and body composition outcomes in overweight and obese adults. We expect that timing and implementation of the proposed lifestyle intervention will produce similar health benefits in overweight/obese women planning a second pregnancy, and lead to greater insulin sensitivity, reduced insulin secretion, and less inflammation. These improvements will result in the prevention of excess nutrient availability (glucose and lipids) from contributing to excess fetal growth/adiposity. The working hypothesis for this Aim is that in contrast to GWG, the decreased pre‐pregnancy insulin sensitivity in obese mothers accounts for the greatest clinical variance in fat accretion in the infant. Although clinically we anticipate a decrease in weight and BMI in the LIPP group, the improvement in insulin sensitivity and metabolic profile are the key physiological measures related to the primary outcome of decreased neonatal adiposity, and not the weight loss per se. The rationale is that the optimal time to implement lifestyle intervention that effectively improves maternal health at the physiological, cellular and molecular level, and results in optimal adiposity in the baby, is prior to pregnancy. Women who lose weight postpartum, experience a decrease in neonatal birth weight (primarily adipose tissue) in subsequent pregnancy, whereas women who gain weight, experience an increase in neonatal birth weight and adiposity. We hypothesize that maternal pre‐pregnancy metabolic condition determines the obesogenic in‐utero environment, which in turn affects placental programming of mitochondrial and lipid pathways (Specific Aim 2), and body composition of the baby. An additional rationale is that there is a need to understand how improved pregravid metabolic condition affects maternal physiological and molecular function. We anticipate that obese women who complete the LIPP program will enter pregnancy with improved insulin regulated metabolism and reduced insulin resistance, thus facilitating a lower neonatal birth weight and adiposity. We will recruit mothers who delivered their first baby at MHMC. We recognize that these mothers represent a demographic that has limited access to exercise facilities or family support systems that would facilitate free time for exercise. In order to reduce barriers to participation, we will conduct the exercise sessions in local Community Recreation Centers. The Centers have child care facilities and we will support the cost so participants may bring their babies to the LIPP sessions. To further increase participation and maximize retention, we will provide transportation to and from the Recreation Centers. Support for transportation will be requested from the Cleveland Mt. Sinai Foundation. Lifestyle Intervention Weight Loss Phase: The LIPP program is designed to promote weight loss that is 5‐10% of body weight. The 4‐month weight loss phase consists of aerobic exercise training with diet and behavioral counseling to induce weight loss as was successfully achieved in prior studies. Initially, supervised exercise will be prescribed at 55‐60% of HRmax and gradually increased so that after 1‐2 weeks, the subjects are exercising at 75‐85% of HRmax ( 500 kcal/d in order to support their weight loss goals. The recommended diet will provide 55% carbohydrate, 25% fat, 20% protein) if below 113 kg, or 1,500‐1,800 kcal/d if >113 kg. Dietary data will be analyzed at 4‐week intervals during the weight maintenance period. Importantly, to minimize subject burden and to maximize retention and data acquisition, the Lifestyle Coach will track calorie intake using the participant's photo diary. Behavioral strategies to motivate healthy lifestyle decisions will include: self‐monitoring (food, activity, and weight, using FitBit online resources), goal setting (steps/day, weight loss), stimulus control (i.e., social eating, fast food, sitting vs. standing), problem solving (have snacks available, exercise at home), and relapse prevention (i.e., holidays, alcohol, fast food, sweets, problem foods, compulsive eating). After 4 months and the desired weight loss, subjects move to Phase 2B. During this phase subjects maintain an exercise goal of 10,000 steps/day, but will be required to attend only 1 supervised session/week. If a subject fails to maintain weight loss, defined as weight gain of 3% of current body weight, participants will return to Phase 2A for more supervised weight management. Alternatively, if weight loss is maintained after 3 months, subjects will progress to Phase 2C until the subsequent pregnancy. Phase 2C consists of no supervised exercise sessions. However, the subject and Lifestyle Coach will converse weekly by phone to review progress, including Fitbit exercise data and diet. Data suggest that weight management programs delivered by phone are comparable to clinically delivered programs. During the calls participants will be counseled to continue to exercise at the intensity and duration prescribed during Phase 2B. They will be provided with language‐specific food and exercise log books. These will be used to guide calorie intake and will provide another record of compliance. Participants randomized to the Control group will receive information on post‐pregnancy diet/weight loss from the CRU nutritionist as distinct from the LIPP nutritionist (HB) to decrease cross contamination between groups. Weight Management during Pregnancy: All LIPP and usual care/control groups will be followed by their primary Obstetrical provider. The OB/GYN department at MHMC has recently revised its clinical guidelines for the management of the overweight/obese women based on the December 2015 ACOG practice bulletin (2). All overweight/obese women will be offered nutrition counseling early in pregnancy by a registered dietician from the MHMC Nutrition Department with follow‐up visits as needed to support GWG within the IOM guidelines. Nutritional therapy will consider maternal pregravid BMI, ethnic, cultural and social factors in individualizing healthy eating. The electronic health record (EPIC) includes a graphic GWG nomogram and so GWG will be monitored at each visit. All subjects will be encouraged to increase physical activity for at least 30 minutes/day (primarily walking). Clinical management such as, ultrasounds to estimate fetal growth, and fetal surveillance will be based on the ACOG recommendations. The Lifestyle Coach will continue to follow‐up only with the LIPP subjects as described in the maintenance phase of the research design. Metabolic Evaluations: Metabolic evaluations will be performed at baseline (3 months ? 2 weeks) postpartum. Follow‐up evaluations will be performed after 4 (+/‐2 weeks) and 12 months (+/‐2 weeks), and then every 6 months (+/‐2 weeks) prior to pregnancy up to a maximum of 24 months. Once a subject has pregnancy dating and viability confirmed by ultrasound, metabolic evaluations will continue at 12‐16 and 32‐36 weeks of gestation. Maternal Body Composition: Anthropometry measurements will include height, weight, and hip and waist circumferences. Total body fat will be measured by whole body plethysmography (Bod Pod; Cosmed, Rome, Italy). We will use a hydration constant of 76% for fat free mass during late pregnancy. Resting Energy Expenditure: Resting Metabolic Rate (RMR) will be determined after an overnight fast using the Cosmed OMNIA metabolic cart (Cosmed, Rome Italy) with a canopy system. We will control for diet by providing a standardized energy balanced meal the evening prior to the test from the CRU. Participants will relax in a quiet low‐light metabolic room for 30 min prior to obtaining a 30 min measure of exhaled breath. Oxidative and non‐oxidative glucose metabolism will be estimated and urine samples will be obtained before and after the measure in order to calculate non‐protein RQ (NPRQ). These data will be used in conjunction with Specific Aim 2, and will be correlated with change in mitochondrial function during pregnancy. Exercise Capacity: An incremental graded treadmill test will be performed at baseline, 4, and 6 month time points in both groups. Oxygen consumption (Jaeger OxyCon Pro/Delta System, Hoechberg, Germany), heart rate, and ratings of perceived exertion will be performed as previously described. Insulin Sensitivity and ?‐Cell Function: A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) will be used to assess postprandial glycemia, and insulin sensitivity and secretion. After an overnight fast, blood samples will be drawn at 10 min intervals for the first 60 min, and at 20 min intervals thereafter. C‐peptide data will be analyzed using a combined model approach to provide pre‐hepatic insulin secretion rates, insulin sensitivity, disposition index, and relate insulin and Cpeptide kinetics (73). Plasma glucose will be measured using the glucose oxidase method (YSI; Yellow Springs, OH). Insulin will be assayed by RIA (Millipore, Billerica, MA). Diagnosis of GDM will be made using criteria recommended by the ACOG (74). Enteroinsular Axis Responses: Plasma samples (with appropriate additives) will be obtained to measure incretin hormones (glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), and glucose‐dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), and satietyrelated gut peptides (cholecystokinin (CCK), and peptide YY (PYY). Measurements will be made under static (fasting) and dynamic (glucose‐stimulated) conditions (10 min intervals up to 1 hour). Metabolic and Inflammatory Biomarkers: Fasting blood samples will be obtained to measure CBC, TSH, HbA1c, lipid panel, and total free fatty acids (FFA). Adipocytokines (adiponectin, leptin interleukin‐6, interleukin‐ 8, TNF‐? and hsCRP) will be measured using ELISA (R&D Systems, Minneapolis, MN). All samples from each subject will be stored at ‐80oC and run in the same assay at completion to decrease variability. Quality of Life Questionnaire: The SF‐36 health survey will be used at baseline, 4 and 12 months, and then at 6 month intervals until pregnancy to assess the subject's health‐related quality of life. These data will provide a generic measure of physical and mental health through assessment of physical functioning, bodily pain, limitations due to physical, personal, or emotional problems and well‐being, energy/fatigue, and general health perceptions. During pregnancy the questionnaire will be administered at 12‐16 and 32‐36 weeks. Measuring Fat Mass in the Infant: We have extensive experience in estimating body composition in neonates, and were one of the first centers to procure a Pea Pod (pediatric air densitometry), which is housed in the CRU next to Labor & Delivery and the postpartum unit. Insulin Resistance at Birth: At birth we will obtain umbilical cord blood for insulin and glucose to estimate insulin resistance using HOMA. Full lipid profile, CRP, and the adipokines IL‐6 and leptin (an excellent marker of neonatal fat mass) will be measured in cord blood as described above. Anticipated Results, Challenges, and Alternative Approaches: The primary outcome measure of this proposal is lower neonatal adiposity at birth in the LIPP group relative to: 1) the Control group and 2) with the subject's firstborn. As secondary outcomes we anticipate that prior to a subsequent pregnancy, LIPP will produce significant improvement (absolute and percent changes) in maternal weight and body composition, and more importantly improved insulin sensitivity, beta‐cell function, incretin response to glucose, lipid and inflammatory biomarkers, compared to the Control group. We also expect reduced insulin resistance, cord lipids and inflammatory profiles in babies born to LIPP compared to Controls. Recruitment is a well‐recognized problem for the successful implementation and completion of lifestyle intervention trials. However, given the novel strategy for recruitment detailed above, our unique access to the patient population, and our extensive experience in metabolic research in pregnancy, we do not anticipate recruitment to present an insurmountable challenge. We will recruit 200 subjects in the first 4 years and complete all mother/baby evaluations according to the proposed timeline. If necessary we will recruit subjects from Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals, both affiliated with Case Western Reserve University (CWRU). Retention strategies include free transportation to the exercise sessions, free childcare service during the lifestyle sessions and consults with the Lifestyle Coach, cell phone apps to reduce subject burden with data entry, regular telephone contacts, and financial incentives, including an infant car seat at delivery. Our team has had outstanding success in retaining pregnant women in our previous metabolic research and lifestyle intervention studies in overweight and obese populations (48,64). In the current proposal, additional strategies are also in place to maximize retention and minimize dropout. These include phone calls and emails from the Lifestyle Coach to review and reinforce problem solving and self‐monitoring skills as described for participants in the Diabetes Prevention Program. We will also establish a buddy system where each participant becomes a buddy to another participant, the two buddies may prepare meals together, exercise together, share problems, etc. The buddy system fosters the sense that staying in the study is important not just for the individual's health but also for the buddy's as well. If subjects in the LIPP program do not meet their target weight loss goal, we will implement a meal replacement strategy using the resources of the CRU/CTSC metabolic kitchen, with attention to the caloric and nutrient needs of the mother depending on breast feeding. Not all participants will conceive. Since the primary outcome is neonatal adiposity, subjects who do not become pregnant will not be included in the primary analysis but will be included in secondary analyses relating to pregravid metabolic improvement. By recruiting women with a previous pregnancy the risk of infertility is significantly reduced. We anticipate that approximately 20% of women will experience a spontaneous abortion, but they will be allowed to continue and resume their previous participation in either the LIPP or Control group. We anticipate that approximately 25% of subjects will drop out before becoming pregnant, and another 15% may drop out during pregnancy. We will enroll 100 subjects in each arm to account for the unlikely event of 40% dropout. Adopting an even more stringent strategy, we report statistical power is available for as low as 50 subjects per group as a worst‐case scenario. If retention lags behind projections we will recruit additional subjects at MHMC and CWRU affiliated hospitals. The CRU staff will assist in collecting cord blood and placenta at delivery and performing the Pea Pod body measures. If there is a Pea Pod equipment malfunction we will estimate body composition using neonatal anthropometrics. Although LIPP subjects will be encouraged to delay a second pregnancy until they are in the maintenance phase of the program, we will exclude LIPP subjects only if they conceive during the first 4 month weight loss phase. For the Control subjects, exclusion will occur if a subject becomes pregnant before the 3 month postpartum CRU randomization visit. Use of birth control in this phase is an inclusion criterion. Not all LIPP subjects will conceive at similar times after the 4 month weight loss intervention. We will not adjust for the time between pregnancies between the LIPP and Control subjects. We will use the LIPP and control subject's metabolic status (body composition, insulin sensitivity and response, etc.) at the last metabolic evaluation in the CRU before becoming pregnant as their pregravid or baseline status for the subsequent pregnancy. Because this is a pregnancy study only women with be recruited. However, we will assess the effect of LIPP on males and female offspring, together and independently, based on sex. Statistical Approach: The primary analyses of Specific Aim 1a will be intent‐to‐treat comparisons of the LIPP and Control groups in regard to changes in maternal insulin sensitivity, BMI, and fat mass. The comparisons will be performed first with two‐sample t‐tests at p=0.05. Should any imbalance of confounding factors in the groups be recognized, linear regression models that include significant differences (e.g. GDM) will be used to perform covariate adjustments. Based on our 1 year postpartum follow‐up studies (62,63), we will have 90% power to detect an absolute or covariate‐adjusted improvement in insulin sensitivity of 30% and an 80% power to detect an improvement as small as 25% in the LIPP vs. Control group. Corresponding 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for the absolute or covariate‐adjusted differences or percent improvements in insulin sensitivity between groups will be reported. We estimate the standard deviation (SD) of change in BMI from randomization until subsequent pregnancy to be 5.1 kg/m2. We will have 90% power to detect an absolute or covariate‐adjusted difference in BMI of 2.6 kg/m2 and 80% power to detect a difference of 2.26 kg/m2 and 90% power to detect an absolute or covariate‐adjusted difference in fat mass of 5.9 kg and 80% power to detect a difference of 5.1 kg between groups prior to the second pregnancy. The primary analysis for Specific Aim 1b is an intent‐to‐treat comparison of LIPP versus Control neonates with respect to fat mass at birth. The comparison will be performed using a two‐sample t‐test at p=0.05. Linear regression will be performed, which will include weight (body composition measures) of the subject's first child as a covariate. Should any imbalance of confounding factors (for example gestational age) in the groups be recognized, linear regression models will be used to perform a covariate adjustment. Based on our preliminary data, we estimate the SD of neonatal fat mass between the LIPP and Control groups to be no more than 225g. With at least 50 women in each group, (assuming a 50% dropout), the t‐test or linear regression will have 90% power to detect an absolute or covariate‐adjusted difference of 146 g fat mass between groups. We have 80% power to detect an absolute or covariate‐adjusted difference as small as 126 g fat mass between groups. Corresponding 95% CI for the absolute or covariate‐adjusted difference in neonatal fat mass between groups will be reported. For secondary analyses, we will be using the same statistical approach. Based on our preliminary data, we estimate the SD of birth weight to be 700 g; with 50 neonates in each group we will have 90% power to detect an absolute or covariate‐adjusted difference of 455 g in birth weight and 80% power to detect a 393 g difference between groups. Additional secondary analyses will include umbilical cord cytokines. Comparisons will be performed using a two‐sample t‐test at a significance level of p=0.05; however, Mann‐ Whitney U tests or log transformations will be employed if data are not normally distributed. Linear regression models, including confounding factors, will be used to perform covariate adjustments. Based on our published data (80), we estimate the standard deviations of umbilical cord IL‐6 and CRP to be 3.4 pg/ml and 7,900 ng/ml, respectively. With 50 women in each group, we will have 90% power to detect an improvement in IL‐6 and CRP levels of 50% and 42%, and 80% power to detect an improvement of 42% and 36%, respectively. Specific Aim 2: To determine the molecular effects whereby lifestyle intervention initiated before pregnancy can improve placental mitochondrial lipid oxidation and accumulation. Introduction/Rationale: Our data suggest that in obese women, a mitochondrial defect in placental tissue is present early in pregnancy, inhibiting the placental capacity for fatty acid oxidation and shunting fatty acids to esterification pathways and lipid accumulation, potentially leading to increased nutrient availability to the fetus and higher adiposity at term. Our group has shown that other mitochondrial processes, such as cholesterol transport and steroidogenesis are impaired in placentas of obese, insulin resistant women at term. Placental mitochondrial content (assessed by mtDNA and citrate synthase activity) is not affected by maternal obesity and insulin resistance at term, suggesting that the observed defects in function are due to changes in mitochondrial activity, rather than number. Previous dietary interventions initiated during pregnancy were unable to alter placental ?‐oxidation or fetal fat deposition, potentially because the intervention was begun after placental mitochondrial function was impaired. We anticipate that LIPP will improve placental mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation, which will be measurable at term and associated with lower fatty acid esterification and accumulation, and neonatal fat mass. The hypothesis is that the decreased insulin sensitivity and increased inflammatory environment in obese mothers impairs mitochondrial ?‐oxidation in the developing placenta. It is the changes in placental metabolism beginning early in pregnancy that lead to altered nutrient delivery and increased fetal fat deposition. Our rationale is based on the need to understand how changes in placental lipid metabolism mediate the effects of improved pregravid metabolism on neonatal adiposity. We expect that placentas of obese women in the LIPP program will show improved fatty acid oxidation and decreased lipid esterification and accumulation at term. Furthermore, we expect that these changes will correlate with lower maternal inflammation and insulin resistance in early pregnancy and lower neonatal adiposity at term. Anticipated Results and Endpoints: We anticipate that compared to the Control group, placentas of women in LIPP will have: 1) increased ?‐oxidation, 2) decreased fatty acid esterification, 3) lower lipid content, 4) increased activity of mitochondrial CPT1B, the rate‐limiting enzyme in ?‐oxidation, and higher phosphor ACC, which, when phosphorylated, produces less malonyl CoA, the main inhibitory regulator of CPT1B, and 5) no difference in mitochondrial content (as measured by mtDNA and citrate synthase activity). We also anticipate that mitochondrial ?‐oxidation and CPT1B activity will negatively correlate with early pregnancy maternal serum inflammatory cytokine markers and insulin resistance and neonatal adiposity. Experimental Design: We will accomplish the objectives of Specific Aim 2 by measuring changes in placental mitochondrial enzyme activity and lipid metabolism in women enrolled in the Control or LIPP groups described in Specific Aim 1. Placental tissue will be collected at delivery from all study participants and embedded in paraffin, or snap frozen in liquid nitrogen, and stored at ‐80oC for molecular analysis. In a subset of women delivering by scheduled Cesarean delivery (we estimate 65‐70% VO2max). Supervised exercise will consist of walking/jogging on a treadmill and stationary cycling, 3 days/week, 60 min/session (i.e., 500 kcal/session). The women will wear heart rate (HR) monitors (Polar Electro, Woodbury, NY) during each exercise session so that they have visual feedback of their personalized target heart rate goal. Participants will be advised to reduce caloric intake by 30% of our participants or N=15‐18/group), we will also collect fresh placental tissue for lipid metabolism activity assays. Placental lipid metabolism: These assays are well established in the O'Tierney‐Ginn lab. Mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation (FAO) and esterification into total lipid assays will be performed in placental explants as described previously, with some modifications. Freshly isolated placental explants will be incubated in the presence of 100 ?M cold palmitate and 3H‐palmitate (Moravek Radiochemicals) for 18 hrs. At the end of the incubation period, media will be collected to quantify the FAO rate by detection of 3H2O using the vapor phase equilibration method of Hughes. Esterificationinto total lipids will be determined by homogenizing the treated explants in HPLC‐grade acetone and incubating with agitation at room temperature overnight. An aliquot of the acetone‐extract lipid suspension will be used to determine the radioactive content by liquid scintillation counting. Oxidation and esterification rates will be defined as nmol palmitate/mg tissue/hr. Assessment of placental mitochondria: Mitochondria will be isolated from frozen placental tissue as previously described. Markers of lipid oxidation (CPT1B) and synthesis/esterification (phospho‐ACC) activity will be measured using commercially available kits (Cell Signaling, Abcam) in isolated mitochondria from all samples. Markers of mitochondrial content (mtDNA and citrate synthase activity) will be measured in whole placental tissue in all samples as previously described. Placental Lipid Accumulation: Total placental lipid content will be measured using the Folch method. Anticipated Challenges and Alternatives: 1) We will use only placentas delivered by scheduled cesarean delivery for in vitro oxidation and esterification assays, to avoid changes pertinent to labor. At our hospital, the rate of cesarean for obese women is 55% of calories as carbohydrate, 25% as fat, and 20% as protein. Participants will be instructed to consume complex carbohydrates and to avoid simple sugars. Specific caloric needs will be estimated by indirect calorimetry and a sedentary (x1.3) physical activity correction factor. Energy intake will be estimated using the food photo diary app, Meal Snap. Digital photography provides an excellent estimate of energy intake (67). Participants who do not own a smart phone will have one provided through support from the Cleveland Foundation. Records covering a 72‐hour diet period will be shared with the research team for determination of calorie and nutrient intake. Meal Snap has a food database of over 350,000 items. However, some meals will not be in this database, therefore our Lifestyle Coaches will enter all foods eaten into our diet database (NDSR, Minneapolis, MN) to facilitate analysis of calorie, and macro/micro nutrient intake. Subjects will generate photos from before and after the meal in order to estimate the amount of food that was eaten. Data will be obtained at baseline, and at 2‐week intervals during the initial 16‐week supervised weight loss period. Lifestyle Intervention ‐ Weight Management/Maintenance: The pre‐pregnancy weight management program (phase 2A, 2B and 2C) is designed to facilitate personalized weight loss goals using lifestyle behaviors that include, exercise, diet and behavioral modification, and is based in part on the Look AHEAD trial. The intervention includes a toolbox concept to help meet weight loss goals. The Lifestyle Coaches will provide personalized instruction on physical activity/exercise ‐ 10,000 steps/day, and the participants will use FitBit Flex (Fitbit.com), to track step count and exercise time. During the first phase of weight maintenance (2A) the women will attend 2 supervised group sessions/week. These sessions include structured exercise (e.g., Zumba, jazzercise, stroller walking), review of dietary photo records, where meals have been eaten (home or away; recorded on smart phone app), and behavioral counseling (with their Lifestyle Coach). Participants will be encouraged to eat 1,200‐1,500 kcal/d ( 40%. Our conservative estimate of 40‐50% drop‐out followed by 30% of subjects delivering by cesarean, results in N=15‐18/group. Based on our preliminary data, this will leave us adequately powered to detect differences in placental lipid metabolism due to LIPP. We will collect placental samples from all study participants for mitochondrial enzyme activity assays, providing us with an additional assessment of metabolic activity in a larger number of participants. 2) Placental mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation capacity may be affected by mitochondrial number, oxidative phosphorylation activity, and energetic efficiency (coupling). Assessment of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation capacity or energetic efficiency requires freshly isolated mitochondria and/or living cells which, for our proposal, would be overly ambitious and costly considering the unpredictable nature of delivery and the large number of participants. Alternatively, we will measure markers of mitochondrial content and key enzymes in mitochondrial lipid metabolism in all placental samples to assess some potential mechanisms underlying changes in placental fatty acid oxidation. Additionally, frozen samples collected from all placentas can be used to measure enzymes involved in electron transport (e.g., ATP synthase) as a marker of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation. Statistical Analysis: The primary goal of Aim 2 is to determine the effect of lifestyle intervention prior to pregnancy on placental mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation at term. We hypothesize that placental ?‐oxidation will be higher in the LIPP group. We will conduct an intent‐to‐treat analysis using two sample t‐test or non‐parametric Wilcoxon rank‐sum test to assess differences between groups. Regression analysis will be used to assess the association of placental ?‐oxidation and enzyme activity with maternal inflammatory cytokine levels and insulin resistance in early pregnancy, along with neonatal fat mass with adjustment for gestational age and gender. Descriptive statistics, such as mean, median and range will be calculated for all variables. Power and sample size analysis based on our preliminary mitochondrial ?‐oxidation data in obese women (38?14 nmol/mg/hr) showed that a sample size of N=18/group achieves 80% power to detect a difference of 25% between groups using a two‐sample t‐test with a significance level of 0.05.
 Effect of Atorvastation in combination with vitamin E on treatment of hyperlipidemia;  INTERVENTION: Atorvastatin 20 mg (Jalinus Co, Iran) and placebo (containing corn oil, Zahravi Co, Iran), daily after meal, for 12 weeks Atorvastatin 20 mg (Jalinus Co, Iran) and vitamin E 400 IU (Zahravi Co, Iran), daily after meal, for 12 weeks Intervention 1: Atorvastatin 20 mg (Jalinus Co, Iran) and vitamin E 400 IU (Zahravi Co, Iran), daily after meal, for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: Atorvastatin 20 mg (Jalinus Co, Iran) and placebo (containing corn oil, Zahravi Co, Iran), daily after meal, for 12 weeks. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes mellitus. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Insulin resistance indice. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR formula. Peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor‐gamma gene expression. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Polymerase chain reaction. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting glucose. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. Glycosylated hemoglobin. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. High density lipoprotein cholesterol. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Insulin resistane. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Fasting insulin *fasting glucose/ 405. Low density lipoprotein cholesterol. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Triglyceride. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Two‐hour plasma glucose. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Waist circumference. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Meter. Weight reduction. Timepoint: At the beginning and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: atorvastatin intake at the dose of 20 mg/day; fasting blood sugar more than 126 mg/dl & two hour plasma glucose more than 200 mg/dl in two regular tests; body mass index between 25 to 35 kg/m2; age of 18 to 65 years; glycated hemoglobin of 7 to 9 percent; Iranian ethnicity Exclusion criteria: bogy mass index lower than 25 kg/m2; pregnant and lactating women or whom decide to pregnancy; chronic diseases such as inflammatory diseases, heart, liver, renal failure, cancer, acute myocardial infarction, type 1 diabetes, stroke & serious injuries; drugs of tiazolidinediones family such as pioglitazone; intake of multivitamin or antioxidant supplements at least for 3 month ago; use of alcohol or cigarette; malabsorptive diseases such as celiac & steatorrhea; liver genetic diseases such as copper or iron storage; athletes; people on special diets
 Effects of consumption of probiotic yogurt in pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: 200 gram conventional yogurt daily at lunch time for 9 weeks 200 gram probiotic yogurt daily at lunch time for 9 weeks Intervention 1: 200 gram probiotic yogurt daily at lunch time for 9 weeks. Intervention 2: 200 gram conventional yogurt daily at lunch time for 9 weeks. CONDITION: Pregnancy. ; Sequelae of complication of pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium Sequelae of complication of pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: 8‐oxy‐guanine. Timepoint: at baseline, after 9 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. C‐reactive protein. Timepoint: at baseline, after 9 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Glutathione peroxidase. Timepoint: at baseline, after 9 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometery. Glutathione reductase. Timepoint: at baseline, after 9 weeks. Method of measurement: spectrophotometery. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: at baseline, after 9 weeks. Method of measurement: colorimetric. Tumor necrosis factor‐alpha. Timepoint: at baseline, after 9 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria 1‐ Pregnant women aged 18‐30 years; 2‐ Willing to participate; 3‐ First pregnancy; Exclusion criteria: 1‐ Premature labor; 2‐ Gestational diabetes or other complications of pregnancy; 3‐ Having illness including cardiovascular , liver or kidney disease
 Effect of legume consumption on cardiovascular risk factors;  INTERVENTION: control group: healthy dietary recommendations, for 6 weeks Intervention 1: intervention group: packs of legumes (60 grams), 4 time per week, for 6 week. Intervention 2: control group: healthy dietary recommendations, for 6 weeks. intervention group: packs of legumes (60 grams), 4 time per week, for 6 week Lifestyle CONDITION: Family history of diabetes mellitus family history of diabetes. ; Family history of diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure, weight, waist circumference, BMI, total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, TG, FBS, Hb A1C. Timepoint: at the begining of study and weeks 6, 8, 14. Method of measurement: manometer, scale, inelastic tape, biochemical tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: IL‐6, TNF, hs‐CRP, adiponectin. Timepoint: at the begining of atudy and 6th, 8th and 14th week. Method of measurement: biochemical tests. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age more than 30 years, lack of pregnancy and lactation, no history of liver and kidney diseases, cancers, allergies, hypo‐ and hyperthyroidism, gastrointestinal problems (bloating and irritable bowel syndrome) and psychosomatic problems. Not using of anti‐inflammatory drugs (corticosteroids) and blood glucose lowering drugs (Metformin and Insulin). Not changes in body weight more than 3 kilograms during last two months. Not cigarette smoking. Not following a particular diet. Exclusion criteria: Not using recommended amounts of legumes, not following the research protocol, beginning to consume particular medications during the study, beginning to cigarette smoking during the study, being pregnant during the study, incidence of liver and kidney diseases, kidney stones, cancers, allergies, hypo‐ and hyperthyroidism, gastrointestinal problems (bloating and irritable bowel syndrome), trauma, surgery and psychosomatic problems during the s
 Metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study;  The largest and longest clinical trial of metformin for the prevention of diabetes is the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPP/DPPOS). In this review, we summarise data from the DPP/DPPOS, focusing on metformin for diabetes prevention, as well as its long‐term glycaemic and cardiometabolic effects and safety in people at high‐risk of developing diabetes. The DPP (1996–2001) was a RCT of 3234 adults who, at baseline, were at high‐risk of developing diabetes. Participants were assigned to masked placebo (n = 1082) or metformin (n = 1073) 850 mg twice daily, or intensive lifestyle intervention (n = 1079). The masked metformin/placebo intervention phase ended approximately 1 year ahead of schedule because of demonstrated efficacy. Primary outcome was reported at 2.8 years. At the end of the DPP, all participants were offered lifestyle education and 88% (n = 2776) of the surviving DPP cohort continued follow‐up in the DPPOS. Participants originally assigned to metformin continued to receive metformin, unmasked. The DPP/DPPOS cohort has now been followed for over 15 years with prospective assessment of glycaemic, cardiometabolic, health economic and safety outcomes. After an average follow‐up of 2.8 years, metformin reduced the incidence of diabetes by 31% compared with placebo, with a greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose or a history of gestational diabetes. The DPPOS addressed the longer‐term effects of metformin, showing a risk reduction of 18% over 10 and 15 years post‐randomisation. Metformin treatment for diabetes prevention was estimated to be cost‐saving. At 15 years, lack of progression to diabetes was associated with a 28% lower risk of microvascular complications across treatment arms, a reduction that was no different among treatment groups. Recent findings suggest metformin may reduce atherosclerosis development in men. Originally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, metformin, now proven to prevent or delay diabetes, may serve as an important tool in battling the growing diabetes epidemic. Long‐term follow‐up, currently underway in the DPP/DPPOS, is now evaluating metformin’s potential role, when started early in the spectrum of dysglycaemia, on later‐stage comorbidities, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00038727 and NCT00004992.
 Diacar drug effect on blood sugar;  INTERVENTION: Diacar capsule 500 mg, 4 times a day for 4 months Intervention 1: Diacar capsule 500 mg, 4 times a day for 4 months. Intervention 2: Oral placebo capsules similar to the main drug used 4 times a day for 4 months. Oral placebo capsules similar to the main drug used 4 times a day for 4 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabet. ; Diabetes mellitus Diabetes mellitus E11‐14 PRIMARY OUTCOME: FBS. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer (mg/dl). HbA1C. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Spectrometer according percent. Metformin. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: The number of daily consumption. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ALK. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(mg/dl). BUN. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(mg/dl). Creatinine. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(mg/dl). HDL. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(U/Ll). LDL. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(U/Ll). SGOT. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(mg/dl). SGPT. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(mg/dl). TC. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(mg/dl). TG. Timepoint: Before the start of the study‐ After two months, After 4 months. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer(U/Ll). INCLUSION CRITERIA: In this study diabetic patients type II on the basis of ADA criteria, aged 60‐40 year with at least 2 years history of diabetes to be diabetic patients was selected. The exclusion criteria are: secondary infection, cardiovascular disease, pregnancy and lactation.
 comparison of headache accurance and severity after use of phenylephtine and ephedrine for treatment of hypotention during cesarian delivery under spinal anesthesia;  INTERVENTION: Ephedrine ampule 10 mcgr, Intravenous, repeated until hemodynamic stability Intervention 1: Ephedrine ampule 10 mcgr, Intravenous, repeated until hemodynamic stability. Intervention 2: Phenylephrine ampule 50 mcgr, Intravenous, repeated until hemodynamic stability in the first case group. Phenylephrine ampule 50 mcgr, Intravenous, repeated until hemodynamic stability in the first case group Prevention CONDITION: Drug‐induced headache, not elsewhere classified headache. ; Drug‐induced headache, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Headache incidence and intencity. Timepoint: during cesarean, 1, 6, 24 hours later. Method of measurement: by visual analogue scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Vital sign changes. Timepoint: every 2 minute until 10minute then every 5 minute. Method of measurement: by datascope monitor. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women aged 18 to 40 years; ASA class I_II; systolic blood pressure 120‐140 mmhg; body mass index 18.5_25 and normal single fetus pregnancy. Exclusion criteria: History of migraine; psychiatric disorders; any medication except pregnancy supplements; presence of headache in admission time to operation room; eclampsia; preeclampsia; hypertention; diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
 Nudge to Drive Transitions of Care;  Background:Women with HDP need ongoing care in the postpartum and inter‐pregnancy period. HDP,including preeclampsia (PEC) and gestational hypertension (GHTN), complicate up to 10% ofall pregnancies and are associated with immediate and long‐term cardiovascular morbidityand mortality. HDP increase lifelong risk for chronic hypertension, diabetes, ischemicheart disease, stroke, and heart failure. Black women have a higher incidence of HDP andhave a disproportionately higher morbidity and mortality compared to non‐black women. TheAmerican College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) and the American HeartAssociation (AHA) emphasize the postpartum period as an important opportunity to identifyand intervene upon women at high‐risk for future cardiovascular disease (CVD).However, current postpartum practices inadequately address transitions of care for womenwith HDP. A significant proportion of women with HDP do not see a preventative careprovider (primary care, cardiology) in the months after delivery. Black women areparticularly vulnerable to being lost to follow‐up after complicated pregnancy. The HSMprogram is an innovative, patient‐centered program that monitors postpartum bloodpressure remotely using a text‐based interface. It is supported by the Way to Healthplatform. HSM improves blood pressure management in the two weeks after delivery andeliminates racial disparities in blood pressure ascertainment during that time. However,enrollment in HSM did not improve follow‐up in the year after delivery, with less than1/3 of women having a preventative care visit. Poor follow‐up is likely multifactorial,but may be driven by inadequate patient counseling in the postpartum period. Among womenenrolled in HSM, only 21% of women were counseled on follow‐up with primary care and only4% were counseled on CVD risk at their postpartum visits based on chart review.Nudges are effective for changing medical decision‐making and improving clinicaloutcomes. Nudges utilize concepts from behavioral economics to subtly change thedecision‐making environment to facilitate evidence‐based care and can be delivered topatients, providers, or both. Examples of nudges include electronic prompts to ordercancer screening and electronic defaults that guide ordering practices. Nudges are lowcost, scalable using Electronic Medical Record (EMR) systems, and improve rates ofpreventative services including influenza vaccination, referral to mammography, andstatin prescription for CVD prevention.Design:This study will use a randomized, controlled superiority trial to evaluate ahospital‐wide initiative to improve counseling for postpartum women who experienced HDPduring their pregnancy or in the immediate postpartum period.Hypotheses: 1. The investigators hypothesize that the prompt will increase the proportion of womencounseled on transitioning care to a primary care provider or cardiologist afterpregnancy (primary outcome). 2. The investigators hypothesize that the provider nudge will increase the proportionof women attending a preventative care visit within 6 months of delivery as assessedby chart review and patient surveys.The HSM daily log generated through the Way to Health platform will be used to generatelists of patients who are eligible for the study. For each eligible woman, the date ofand obstetric care provider for her postpartum visit will be recorded within 3 weeks ofdelivery.Patients will then be randomly assigned to a control group with no intervention (usualcare through HSM) or the intervention group (physician nudge) using simple 1:1randomization through the Way to Health Platform. If a woman is randomized to theintervention arm, her obstetric care provider for her postpartum visit will receive astaff message in Epic (Penn Chart) that the provider's patient has an upcoming postpartumvisit. The message will be sent 1 week before the scheduled visit. The message will havepatient‐specific information including hypertensive diagnosis, blood pressuremedication(s), gestational diabetes diagnosis, and primary care provider as listed in theEpic banner. The message will also have dot phrases for recommended counseling andcontact information for University of Pennsylvania Health System (UPHS) primary care andcardiology providers. There will be a dot phrase recommending follow‐up with primary careor cardiology; counseling on risk of future CVD; and recommending aspirin in a futurepregnancy.A web‐based survey will be distributed to all women in the study 6 months after deliverythrough the Way to Health platform. The survey will assess attendance at a preventativecare visit, social determinants of health, health status, and insurance status afterdelivery.Demographic characteristics, medical and obstetric history, hypertensive disorder,laboratory test results (platelet count, creatinine, liver function tests, urine protein,total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, glucose, hemoglobin A1c), blood pressuremeasurements, height, weight, and office visits within 6 months of delivery will beabstracted from the EMR. Detailed chart abstraction will be performed regardingcounseling at the postpartum visit and additional office visits within 6 months ofdelivery focusing on 1) health maintenance 2) hypertension, or 3) cardiovascular riskreduction. Two reviewers will assess counseling at each visit. The investigators willobtain data on obstetric care providers including level (resident physician, attendingphysician, nurse practitioner, physician assistant, or certified nurse midwife), gender,and years in practice from publicly available databases or websites online.
 Intermittent furosemide therapy as a prophylaxis of acute renal failure in CABG patients;  INTERVENTION: 1. group A: intra‐prime furosemide therapy; these patients received 0.3‐0.4 mg/kg furosemide in the prime solution 2. group B: intermittent furosemide therapy; these patients received 0.2 mg/kg furosemide during CABG only in the case of decreased urinary excretion rate below the determined level in the study 3. group C: the control group Intervention 1: 2. group B: intermittent furosemide therapy; these patients received 0.2 mg/kg furosemide during CABG only in the case of decreased urinary excretion rate below the determined level in the study. Intervention 2: 1. group A: intra‐prime furosemide therapy; these patients received 0.3‐0.4 mg/kg furosemide in the prime solution. Intervention 3: 3. group C: the control group. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Atherosclerotic heart disease Coronary artery disease. ; Atherosclerotic heart disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postoperative serum markers of renal function including Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR). Timepoint: Preoperative levels and also early postoperative period (mainly 24 hours). Method of measurement: level of serum markers; then using the Cockcroft‐Gault formula. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Acid‐base and electrolytes of the plasma. Timepoint: before the intervention and 24 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: serum levels of markers. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 40‐75; elective CABG with CPB; constant surgeon; informed written consent; Exclusion criteria: old age above 75 years; emergency surgery; high risk surgery; ischemic heart disease; diabetes mellitus; diabetic ketoacidosis; non‐ketonic hyperosmolar diabetic coma; acute renal failure; chronic kidney disease causing serum Cr>2mg/dL; glomerulonephritis; hepatic failure causing liver function test failure (> 3 times than normal); off pump CABG; any unwanted complication in the operation period; re‐starting CPB after weaning from bypass; pulmonary artery pressure >30 before operation; ejection fraction<30%; re‐operation in the postoperative period; congestive heart failure; thyroid disorders; acute infections; stroke; pregnancy; hospital admission in the recent 3 months;
 Effect of Pentoxifylline on Proteinuria;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: standard treatment regimen + placebo (400 mg, three times/day, for 6 months). Intervention 2: standard treatment regimen + pentoxifylline (400 mg, three times/day, for 6 months). Placebo standard treatment regimen + pentoxifylline (400 mg, three times/day, for 6 months) standard treatment regimen + placebo (400 mg, three times/day, for 6 months) Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Glomerular Diseases Membranous Nephropathy. ; Glomerular Diseases N00, N01, PRIMARY OUTCOME: Urinary protein excretion. Timepoint: 2 and 6 months after study initiation. Method of measurement: Measurement of Urinary Protein Excretion based on 24‐hr urine collection. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR). Timepoint: 2 and 6 months after study initiation. Method of measurement: GFR will be calculated by Cockcroft‐Gault formula. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: New cases with biopsy proven Membranous Nephropathy, Initial Random urine protein (mg/dl) > 2 g/day based on 24‐hr urine collection Exclusion Criteria: Pregnancy, Breast feeding, Diabetes Mellitus, History of allergy to Pentoxifylline or any derivatives of methyl xanthenes, Cerebral hemorrhage or Retinal hemorrhage within the past 6 months prior to signing the informed consent form, Congestive heart failure (NYHA functional class III or IV), Uncontrolled hypertension (SBP > 200 mmHg and/or DBP > 110 mmHg), history of unstable angina, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accidents, Stroke, Obstructive uropathy, Cirrhosis, Hepatic dysfunction as defined by the following laboratory parameters: ALT or AST > 5 times the upper limit of the normal range, or > 3 times concomitant with signs and symptoms of hepatic failure
 Care After Pregnancy Study (CAPS): engaging Women in Postpartum Care;  There are profound economic inequalities in a wide range of important maternal and child health outcomes ranging from neonatal death to maternal morbidity and mortality. The overarching scientific premise for our proposal is that these inequalities stem in part from poor engagement in postpartum care by economically disadvantaged women. The investigators hypothesize that an innovative intervention grounded in empirically derived tenets of behavioral economics that includes the critical components of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) new vision for postpartum care will narrow gaps in important maternal child health outcomes. Women of lower socioeconomic status are at significantly increased risk of unintended pregnancies, short inter‐pregnancy interval and short duration of breastfeeding. The consequences of untimed pregnancies and short duration of breastfeeding for the health of mothers, infants and children are well documented. In addition to significant health implications, these inequalities have important economic ramifications. The cost of births from unintended pregnancies in 2006 was estimated at $11 billion in maternity and infant care. This does not include cost of abortion care, lost productivity, and government assistance. Providers have effective postpartum strategies to reduce the risk of poorly timed pregnancies and low breastfeeding rates. Short interval or poorly timed pregnancies: Women have a range of effective contraceptive options, however, not initiating contraception postpartum remains common. The provision of long‐acting reversible contraception (LARC) including intrauterine devices (IUDs) and hormonal implants has been shown to decrease short interval pregnancies and the associated risk of preterm birth. Importantly, given the array of contraceptive options available to women, it is important to make LARC accessible while empowering women to choose a method that is effective and acceptable to them. This highlights the need for solutions to engage women in patient centered comprehensive contraceptive decision‐making in the postpartum period. Short Breastfeeding Duration: A number of strategies have been shown to increase breastfeeding success. Most relevant to our proposal is that efforts to educate women about the benefits of breastfeeding, weekly text reminders in the immediate postpartum period, and access to a lactation consultant have all improved both duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding. Importantly, three recent trials demonstrated significant increases in exclusive breastfeeding from eight weeks to six months postpartum among women who received weekly‐automated text message breastfeeding support. These interventions may be particularly relevant to our target population, as low‐income, non‐Hispanic Black women between 18‐29 years send and receive text messages more frequently than any other demographic. There are important high‐risk subgroups of women who benefit uniquely from postpartum care given the need to link these women to primary or specialty health care providers in postpartum period. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy occur in roughly 6‐8% of pregnancies and low SES is an independent risk factor. Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, either gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, are more than twice as likely to develop hypertension or prehypertension in the 12 months after delivery. They are also at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Given this, women with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy should have early postpartum follow up for a blood pressure and establish care with a primary care physician within a year of delivery. Gestational diabetes (GDM): GDM complicates roughly 6‐9% of pregnancies, but disproportionately burdens those with lower socio‐economic status. Women with GDM are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease after delivery. These findings are present as early as 3 months postpartum with the absolute risk of Type 2 diabetes approaching 5% a year postpartum. Professional societies recommend screening women for diabetes 4‐12 weeks after delivery and linking women to primary care to improve long‐term maternal health. In 2016, only 14% of economically disadvantaged women who received prenatal care at the Magee‐Womens Hospital outpatient clinic returned for their postpartum screening. This is slightly better than national trends, which suggest roughly 6% of women with GDM had recommend postpartum screening and 13.8% had a primary care visit within a year. Recognizing the importance of the postpartum period for the health of women and children across their lifespans, ACOG recently proposed a new paradigm for postpartum care. In their new vision for postpartum care ACOG emphasized the following: 1) Postpartum care should be an on‐going process rather than a single encounter 2) The content of postpartum care should be tailored to a woman's individual needs 3) The timing of the postpartum visit should be individualized for a woman. How to implement and scale this model of postpartum care and whether it will improve health outcomes for women and children has not been investigated. Despite considerable maternal morbidity and mortality in the postpartum period, attendance rates for the postpartum visit are markedly lower for women with limited resources contributing to economic health disparities. While women with Medicaid receive excellent prenatal care, only 50% of them return for their postpartum visit. These parallel national trends, where 60% of women with Medicaid insurance return for a postpartum checkup compared with over 82% of women with private insurance. Medicaid programs serve pregnant women who are particularly vulnerable to poor health outcomes and thus this gap is critical. These data demonstrate that our current care model does not engage all women in quality postpartum care and is disproportionately failing our most vulnerable moms and babies. Existing interventions to improve adherence with the postpartum visit have not been rigorously evaluated, would be difficult to scale, and do not reflect the new vision for postpartum care outlined by ACOG. Empirically derived concepts from behavioral economics can be leveraged to design interventions that support patient's engagement in their health. The field of behavioral economics acknowledges that people do not make exclusively rational choices. In fact, immediate (rather than future) needs, cognitive and psychological biases, and social norms profoundly influence decision‐making. Insights from the field of behavioral economics have begun to influence the health sciences as researchers seek more effective health interventions and health policy. Healthy Beyond Pregnancy incorporates tenets of behavioral economics that address two powerful drivers of behavioral change‐‐ awareness and willingness. Awareness has three parts: 1) an awareness of how one's behavior affects oneself 2) an awareness of how one's actions impact others and 3) an awareness of social norms around the given behavior. Awareness alone, however, is insufficient to alter behavior. People must be willing to change their behavior. Designing health interventions that address both awareness and willingness are more likely to lead to behavior change. In the current proposal the investigators focus on four tenets of behavioral economics—bounded rationality (information overload), status quo bias (valuing the present self over the future self), hovering (limited attention), and framed incentives‐‐ that address both awareness and willingness and have been successfully used to tackle stubborn health problems such as smoking and obesity. Both bounded rationality and hovering address awareness, while status quo bias and framed incentives address willingness. In summary, this proposal is significant because it will evaluate the impact of an innovative program built on empirically derived concepts of behavioral economics on health decision‐making in the postpartum period‐ a critical window for maternal child health. Our program directly mirrors the new vision for postpartum care outlined by ACOG. Additionally, it targets low‐income women who are at risk for not participating in postpartum care to promote equality in maternal child health.
 Metformin to Prevent Preterm Birth in Twin Pregnancy;  Preterm birth (PTB) is a major challenge to perinatal health. It accounts for 75% of perinatal deaths and more than 50% of long‐term neurological disabilities. Neonates born preterm are also at risk of significant comorbidities, for example respiratory distress syndrome, chronic lung disease, retinopathy of prematurity, necrotizing enterocolitis, intraventricular haemorrhage and sepsis in the short term, as well as cerebral palsy, motor and sensory impairment, learning difficulties, and increased risk of chronic disease in long run. Twin pregnancy is associated with a higher risk of PTB when compared to singleton pregnancy. The National Vital Statistics reveals the PTB rate is 8.2% and 60.3% in singleton and twin pregnancy respectively in 2018. The mechanism of PTB in twin pregnancy is not completely understood and may be different from that of singleton pregnancy. At present, there are no good strategies to prevent PTB in twin pregnancy. In singleton pregnancy, metformin has been used for the treatment of gestational diabetes in pregnant women with obesity/ overweight or polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). The rate of PTB of pregnant women with PCOS is significantly lower after using metformin. A decreasing trend of PTB is also noted after metformin use in obese pregnant women without PCOS. There is no study to investigate the effect of metformin in twin pregnancy. Premature uterine and amnion stretching in twin pregnancy can trigger preterm labour by increased prostaglandin synthesis and interleukin‐1, activation of activator protein‐1, expression of connexin‐43 and stimulation of stretch dependent focal adhesion signaling. Inflammation is another risk factor for PTB. Metformin is an anti‐inflammatory agent which can suppress inflammatory cytokines production and downregulate AMP‐activated protein kinase medicated connexin‐43 and nuclear factor κB activation. Anti‐inflammatory actions of metformin can also reduce production of nitric oxide, prostaglandin E2 and pro‐inflammatory cytokines through inhibition of NFκB activation in macrophages. Another possible mechanism to prevent PTB is the inhibition of mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1,which has a role in the timing of birth, by AMP‐activated protein kinase. Therefore, metformin can be potentially used to prevent PTB in twin pregnancy. However, its effect in twin pregnancy has not been studied. The objective of the study is to determine if the use of metformin in twin pregnancy can prevent PTB.
 A pilot, double blind randomised controlled trial of prednisolone for women with recurrent miscarriage and raised uterine natural killer cell density;  Introduction: Multiple trials of immunotherapy for reproductive failure have failed to demonstrate significant benefit. A reason for this may be the lack of a test that selects which women will benefit from treatment. High density of uterine naturak killer (uNK) cells has been associated with recurrent miscarriage (RM) and prednisolone was shown to reduce this uNK cell density. Hence we carried out a double blind randomised placebo controlled trial of prednisolone versus placebo in early pregnancy for women with RM and increased uNK cell density. The aim of this pilot trial was to assess the feasibility of recruitment, integrity of trial procedures and potential efficacy for future power calculations. Material and Methods: The inclusion criteria were women with 3 or more consecutive miscarriages, less than forty years old, BMI>30, negative thrombophilia screen, normal parental karyotype, normal thyroid function test and random blood glucose. Exclusion criteria were contraindication to steroid therapy. Stage one was an endometrial biopsy taken from 160 women 6 to 9 days after a urinary luteinising hormone surge, and analysed for uNK cells density. If the uNK cell density was >5%, women were asked to telephone the clinic as soon as their pregnancy test was positive (4‐6 weeks gestation). In stage two, women were randomised, using computer generated randomisation codes kept in pharmacy. They either received prednisolone 20mg for 6 weeks, 10mg for a week, 5 mg for a week or identical placebo tablets. All women randomised received 2 weekly ultrasound scan in the first trimester of pregnancy, serial growth scans at 28 and 34 weeks gestation and had a 6 weeks post‐natal followup. The primary outcome was live birth rate. Secondary outcomes included type of miscarriage (fetal or sac loss), karyotype of miscarried pregnancies, stillbirths, gestational age at delivery, fetal abnormality, pregnancy complications (intrauterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes, pre‐eclampsia), and side effects of prednisolone. Results: 68 (43%) women were found to have raised uNK cell density. Of these, 40 women subsequently conceived, and returned to be randomised to either prednisolone or placebo. Demographic characteristics of prednisolone and placebo groups were similar. The live birth rate was 12/20 (60%) in women who received prednisolone, compared with 8/20 (40%) in the placebo group (Relative risk 1.5; 95% CI 0.8‐2.9; absolute risk difference 20%; 95% CI 11%‐48%). In the prednisolone group, there were 4 miscarriages after fetal heart was seen, 3 of empty gestation sac and 1 molar pregnancy, while the placebo group had 6 fetal, 3 sac, and 3 ectopic losses. Few miscarried samples were karyotyped. All live births were at term and there were no cases of intrauterine growth restriction or other significant pregnancy complications in either group. In the prednisolone group, there was one baby who had mild hearing problems detected postnatally, and in the placebo group, there was one baby who had renal pelvic dilatation detected antenatally. Women taking prednisolone reported more side effects overall, with the most common being insomnia. There were no women who stopped the medications due to side effects. Follow‐up was complete for all randomised women. Many of the women who did not return got the active drug from other doctors. Conclusion: It was feasible but difficult to recruit women with idiopathic RM into a 'screen and treat' trial. There was a trend towards an increased live birth rate with prednisolone therapy in women with abnormal levels of uNK cells. Prednisolone treatment was associated with minimal side effects and there were no adverse pregnancy complications for both mother and baby. A larger, definitive trial of 214 women and in excess of 850 endometrial biopsies is needed to confirm or refute these findings.
 Proyecto Mamá: a lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese Hispanic women: a randomised controlled trial--study protocol;  BACKGROUND: The proportion of women entering pregnancy overweight or obese has been rising and, in turn, is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Gestational weight gain (GWG) exceeding Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines further increases health risks and has been independently associated with postpartum weight retention. Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity, but have had limited access to interventions that promote healthy lifestyles due to cultural, socioeconomic, and language barriers. Therefore, the overall goal of this randomized controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually‐tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce excess GWG, increase postpartum weight loss, and improve maternal metabolic status among overweight/obese Hispanic women. METHODS/DESIGN: Overweight/obese Hispanic women are recruited in early pregnancy and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in‐person, telephone counseling, and mailed print‐based materials) are used to deliver the intervention from early pregnancy (12 weeks gestation) to 6 months postpartum, with follow‐up to 1 year postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve IOM Guidelines for GWG and postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and includes strategies to address the specific social, cultural, and economic challenges faced by low‐income Hispanic women. Assessments are conducted at baseline ( 10 weeks gestation), mid pregnancy (24‐28 weeks gestation), late pregnancy (32‐34 weeks gestation) and postpartum at 6‐weeks, 6‐months, and 12‐months by bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy is assessed via GWG, postpartum weight loss, and biomarkers of glycemic control, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Changes in physical activity and diet are measured via 7‐day accelerometer data and 24‐h dietary recalls at each assessment time period. DISCUSSION: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity. This randomised trial uses a high‐reach, low‐cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01868230 May 29, 2013.
 The effect of self-care education on pregnancy outcome in women with preeclampsia;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Non use of self care education Intervention 1: Intervention group: Self care education for 4 sessions and each session is 30 minutes. Intervention 2: Control group: Non use of self care education. Intervention group: Self care education for 4 sessions and each session is 30 minutes Lifestyle CONDITION: Pre eclampsia. ; Pre‐eclampsia, unspecified Pre‐eclampsia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Maternal outcomes. Timepoint: During pregnancy and during and after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Neonatal outcomes. Timepoint: During pregnancy and during and after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women with gestational age more than 20 weeks with gestational hypertension Exclusion criteria: Twin pregnancy; history of intrauterine growth restriction; congenital malformation; diabetes; hypertension; cardiovascular disease, renal disease, hematologic disease, thyroid disease)
 Effect of discontinuation of growth hormone treatment on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in adolescents born small for gestational age;  Hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, and coronary heart disease have been associated with being born small for gestational age (SGA). It has been reported that GH treatment induced higher insulin levels, which has led to concern regarding the long‐term effect of GH treatment in predisposed individuals such as children born SGA. In this study, we assessed the effect of discontinuation of long‐term GH treatment in 47 adolescents born SGA on oral glucose tolerance tests, blood pressure (BP), and serum lipid levels for two GH dosage groups (3 vs. 6 IU/m2 x d). At 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment mean (SD) age was 16.0 (2.1) yr. Mean duration of GH treatment had been 6.9 (1.5) yr. Fasting glucose levels and 120‐min area under the curve for glucose 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment showed no difference from pretreatment levels for both GH dosage groups. After discontinuation of GH treatment, fasting insulin levels returned to pretreatment levels (8.4 mU/liter), whereas the 120‐min area under the curve for insulin decreased, compared with 6‐yr levels (P < 0.01), regardless of GH dosage group. No significant difference was found when levels were compared with a control group. In addition, for both GH dosage groups, no significant changes in systolic and diastolic BP SD score, total cholesterol, and atherogenic index (total cholesterol/high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol) were seen from 6 yr of GH until 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment. In conclusion, in children born SGA, the GH‐induced insulin insensitivity disappeared after discontinuation of GH, even after long‐term GH treatment. Furthermore, the beneficial effect of GH on BP was not changed after discontinuation of GH, and most children had normal lipid levels.
 the effect of cycle of exercises on pregnancy outcomes;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Intervention 1: The intervention group subjects were required to do aerobic exercises 30 minutes a day, three days a week for 8 weeks. Aerobic exercise program started with 5 minutes warming, continued with the main plan which usually lasted for 20 minutes, and ended with cooling for 5 minutes. These exercises were strictly supervised by the instructor and the midwife. In each session, 10 types of aerobic exercises were performed, including warming for 5 minutes, stretching exercises, and cooling for 5 minutes. The intensity of exercises was controlled by measuring the participants’ heartbeat; such a way that their heartbeat would not exceed 140 beats per minute (bpm) the control group mothers only received the routine pregnancy care. Intervention 2: The control group participants, on the other hand, only received the routine care without performing aerobic exercises. The control group participants, on the other hand, only received the routine care without performing aerobic exercises. The intervention group subjects were required to do aerobic exercises 30 minutes a day, three days a week for 8 weeks. Aerobic exercise program started with 5 minutes warming, continued with the main plan which usually lasted for 20 minutes, and ended with cooling for 5 minutes. These exercises were strictly supervised by the instructor and the midwife. In each session, 10 types of aerobic exercises were performed, including warming for 5 minutes, stretching exercises, and cooling for 5 minutes. The intensity of exercises was controlled by measuring the participants’ heartbeat; such a way that their heartbeat would not exceed 140 beats per minute (bpm) the control group mothers only received the routine pregnancy care CONDITION: Condition 1: delivery. Condition 2: delivery. Condition 3: delivery. Condition 4: delivery. ; Single spontaneous delivery ; Single delivery by caesarean section ; Single delivery by forceps and vacuum extractor ; Other assisted single delivery Other assisted single delivery Single delivery by caesarean section Single delivery by forceps and vacuum extractor Single spontaneous delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Apgar scor. Timepoint: after intervention. Method of measurement: Chart. Back pain. Timepoint: after intervention. Method of measurement: visual scale of pain. Duration of pregnancy. Timepoint: After delivery. Method of measurement: Chart. Type of delivery. Timepoint: after intervention. Method of measurement: chart. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assess back pain. Timepoint: The begain of intervention and after intervention. Method of measurement: the 10 point Visual Analog Scale (VAS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: primiparous ;18‐35 years old; gestational age of 20 weeks ; singleton pregnancy ; being primiparous; not having the history of pregnancy complications; not having the history of doing professional sports; and normal Body Mass Index (BMI=20‐25 ) Exclusion criteria: were suffering from underlying diseases; such as hypertension ; thyroid disorders; women’s or pregnancy disorders; diabetes; epilepsy;cardiovascular diseases; renal disorders; and pulmonary diseases; having known pregnancy complications; such as polyhydramnios; oligohydramnios; placenta previa;detachment; known fetal disorders; intrauterine death; cervical insufficiency;history of infertility; bleeding during pregnancy; and pain; having limitations for doing physical activities; and not being willing to participate in the study. .
 Effects of atorvastatin on diabetic nephropathy;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Daily Placebo will be administered to the patients in control group for 90 days. At the end of the third month, patients will be asked not to use placebo for a month. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Atorvastatin 10 mg per day will be administered to the patients in intervention group for 90 days. At the end of the third month, patients will be asked not to use Atorvastatin for a month. Intervention 2: Control group: Daily Placebo will be administered to the patients in control group for 90 days. At the end of the third month, patients will be asked not to use placebo for a month. Intervention group: Atorvastatin 10 mg per day will be administered to the patients in intervention group for 90 days. At the end of the third month, patients will be asked not to use Atorvastatin for a month. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetic nephropathy. ; Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus with renal complications Insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus with renal complications PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile. Timepoint: Before intervention, 90 days after intervention initiation. Method of measurement: Blood samlple. Serum creatinine. Timepoint: Before intervention, 90 days after intervention initiation. Method of measurement: Blood samlple. Serum uric acid. Timepoint: Before intervention, 90 days after intervention initiation. Method of measurement: Blood samlple. Urine Protein. Timepoint: Before intervention, 90 days after intervention initiation. Method of measurement: Blood samlple. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients between 20 to 65 years old; patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; history of gestational diabetes mellitus; proteinuria levels lower than 3 g/d (nephrotic range); estimated glomerular filtration rate more than 30 mL/min/1.73m2 Exclusion criteria: use of fibrates, statins antagonists, aspirin, allopurinol, ß‐blockers, pentoxifylline, fish oil, other antioxidant drugs consumption in past 6 months; active smoking; active coronary artery disease in the previous 6 months; diabetic foot; hepatitis; poorly controlled diabetes (Hb‐A1c more than 7.5%)
 Randomized, placebo controlled, crossover clinical study to analyse the effect of dapagliflozin on microvascular and macrovascular circulation and total body sodium content;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Forxiga Product Name: Forxiga Pharmaceutical Form: Coated tablet Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Type 2 diabetes mellitus ; MedDRA version: 16.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10012613 Term: Diabetes mellitus non‐insulin‐dependent System Organ Class: 100000004861 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: the effect of dapagliflozin on endothelial and microvascular function of the retinal circulation using Scanning‐laser‐Doppler‐Flowmetry by assessing retinal capillary flow. Primary end point(s): The effect of dapagliflozin on endothelial and microvascular function of the retinal circulation using Scanning‐laser‐Doppler‐Flowmetry by assessing the retinal capillary flow Secondary Objective: the effect of dapagliflozin on central (aortic) systolic pressure, central (aortic) pulse pressure and augmentation pressure, parameters that all are determined by pulse wave reflection (i.e. arterial wall properties) in the arterial tree.; the effect of retinal capillary flow after flicker light exposure (repeated flashes that cause vasodilatation by an in part NO dependent mechanism).; the effect of dapagliflozin on total body sodium content by 24 hour urinary sodium analysis and by using new MRI technology (at ISI of the University of Erlangen); the effect of dapagliflozin on cardiovascular parameters, i.e. office blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, postprandial glucose concentration and HbA1c; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after second phase of crossoverdesign SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): on central (aortic) systolic pressure, central (aortic) pulse pressure and augmentation pressure, parameters that all are determined by pulse wave reflection (i.e. arterial wall properties) in the arterial tree. ; on retinal capillary flow after flicker light exposure (repeated flashes that cause vasodilatation by an in part NO dependent mechanism). ; on total body sodium content by 24 hour urinary sodium analysis and by using new MRI technology (at imaging science institute of the University of Erlangen) ; on cardiovascular parameters, i.e. office blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, postprandial glucose concentration and HbA1c ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after second phase of crossoverdesign INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetes mellitus defined by fasting glucose =126 mg/dl or HbA1c =6.5% or on blood glucose lowering medication Age of 18 ‐ 75 years Male and Female patients are eligible. Females of child bearing potential (WOCBP) are only eligible if pregnancy test at the screening visit is negative and they use adequate contraceptive precautions during the trial. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Cerebral edema: an uncommon but devastating complication of diabetic ketoacidosis;  INTRODUCTION: Cerebral edema is a complication of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) that is seen in about 1% of children with DKA. It typically emerges within 24 hours of initiating therapy for DKA, and has a mortality rate of 20‐40%. While cerebral edema classically arises in children with newly diagnosed DM, it has been reported older patients as well. We present a case of cerebral edema due to DKA in a 30‐year‐old female. CASE PRESENTATION: A 30‐year‐old female with a PMH of gestational diabetes and normal vaginal delivery a month prior, presented to a community hospital with lethargy and “feeling sick” for a few days. Vitals and exam were significant for orthostatic hypotension. She was alert/oriented with a GCS of 14, dry oral mucosa, and diffuse abdominal tenderness. Significant labs included: WBC 23, Glucose 675, pH 6.8, Bicarb 2, K 3.5, UA: 3+ ketones. She immediately received 3 boluses of NS, 50 mEq of sodium bicarbonate, and was started on an insulin ggt at 6 units/hr. GCS decreased from 14 to 4 within 1 hour of presentation and CT scan of the head showed diffuse cerebral edema. The patient was transferred to a tertiary care center for deterioration of her mental status and acute respiratory failure secondary to cerebral edema requiring intubation. During her hospital stay, she developed critical illness myopathy, septic shock, and failed multiple extubation trials. A tracheostomy and peg tube were eventually placed and she was transferred to a SNF for rehabilitation. DISCUSSION: We highlight this case of cerebral edema because, while it is a known rare complication of DKA in children, it should be recognized that it can occur in adults as well. The incidence of cerebral edema in adults with DKA was estimated to be of 0.03% by Siwakoti, et.al compared to 0.5‐0.9% among pediatric patients. The pathophysiology of cerebral edema is not well understood, but it has been suggested that administration of NACO3, rapid reduction in osmolarity, and excessive amount of IVF could be the cause of this. A small randomized trial published in '91 found there was no difference in the rate of change in blood glucose, pCO2, pO2, MAP and mental status when comparing administration of bicarbonate to placebo in severe DKA. CONCLUSIONS: Therefore, we recommend a judicious approach when a patient presents with severe DKA; it is vital to assess the neurological and volume status, and judiciously administer fluids and bicarbonate to avoid rapid changes in osmolarity. Clinicians should have a high index of suspicion for cerebral edema to prevent permanent damage or lethal consequences from DKA, especially in new diagnoses of diabetes mellitus, regardless of age. Treatment with mannitol or hypertonic saline should also be considered.
 Vitamin D supplementation in dibetic patients;  INTERVENTION: "Control group": placebo (1 capsule of corn oil same in shape, weight, color, and size with intervention supplement weekly) "Intervention group': Vitamin D supplementation(50000 IU/Week) Intervention 1: "Intervention group': Vitamin D supplementation(50000 IU/Week). Intervention 2: "Control group": placebo (1 capsule of corn oil same in shape, weight, color, and size with intervention supplement weekly). Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: diabetes (mellitus)(nonobese)(obese),Vitamin D deficiency, unspecified Diabetic patients with Vitamin D Defficiency. ; diabetes (mellitus)(nonobese)(obese),Vitamin D deficiency, unspecified E10.9,E55. PRIMARY OUTCOME: TG. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fbs. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. Glycated Hemoglubin. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Via standard labratory method (RIA). HDL. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. HsCRP. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. LDL. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. MAD. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. Net Weight Changes. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Scales. Serum vitamin D level. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. TC. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. TG. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Enzymatic Method. Waist circumference changes. Timepoint: before and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: By flexible stata meter (at highest level of circumference). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Criteria for entering the study: Willingness to participate; Prior diagnosis of type 2 diabetes by a specialist; Minimum duration of 2 years diagnosis; No Smoking or Drug abuse; No weight changes over the past 6 months (based on self report); The fixed type and dose of medications used in the last 6 months; Not having severe heart disease, stroke, liver disease, kidney, gastrointestinal, thyroid and parathyroid, rheumatoid arthritis and infectious diseases; Not using any supplements whether containing vitamin D and calcium or anti‐oxidant supplements in the last 6 months; Absence of pregnancy or lactation Exit criteria: Misdiagnosis of demographic or anthropometric information; Failure to follow the design of the study (consuming less than 90% of supplements or not taking supplements for more than three consecutive periods); Unusual biochemical specimen; Use of any supplements other than the supplement provided in the study; Use of Venostat (orl
 Mediterranean diets and diabetes prevention: time for evidence;  The Mediterranean diets (MD) are now well acknowledged as healthy eating patterns combining restricted intakes in saturated fats with an enrichment in monounsaturated fatty acids and a high nutritional density. Several prospective epidemiologic studies have established the benefits of MD on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D), metabolic syndromes and adverse cardiovascular outcomes. The adherence to MD is also associated with a lower risk for the onset of gestational diabetes. A few randomized controlled trials, such as the PREDIMED study, have suggested that the sustained consumption of MD reduces the risk for developing T2D by 30%, approximately, and improves the metabolic control of those with overt T2D. The causative mechanisms are still a subject of debate, but the beneficial effects of MD are probably due to their high content in antioxidant nutrients and/or monounsaturated fats, but also to their impacts on the intestinal microbiota. Today MD appears as worldwide dietary recommended approaches for preventing and treating T2D.
 The Effect of Alpha Linolenic Acid (ALA) Supplementation During Pregnancy;  DHA (Docosahexaenoic Acid ) is a long chain omega‐3 fatty acid important for brain and eye development and function throughout life. It also supports heart health. DHA is the most abundant omega‐3 in the brain and retina and is naturally found in breast milk. EPA (Eicosapentaenoic Acid ) is a long‐chain omega‐3 fatty acid important for overall health. However, unlike DHA, the body does not store EPA in significant quantities in the brain or retina (DHA is found in every cell throughout the body, EPA is not). These Omega 3 fatty acids are considered essential due to the inability of the human body to create them and the need to consume them from nutritional source. Food that is considered rich in omega 3 fatty acids are fat fish and green vegetables. Omega‐3 fatty acids are "good fats," and are among the most important nutrients lacking in Western diets today. The average person in developing countries consumes less than 100 mg of DHA daily. With increasing awareness of the importance of DHA, many people realize that they need to make a change in their diet by adding DHA‐rich foods or supplements. Alpha Linolenic Acid (ALA) is a shorter‐chain omega‐3 that serves as a source of energy and as a building block for long‐chain omega‐3 fatty acids (DHA and EPA). This precursor for omega 3 fatty acid is abundant in falx seeds. The mother and the fetus has the metabolic mechanism that enables them to transform ALA into EPA,DHA endogenously. Women during pregnancy are predisposed to a reduction in unsaturated long chain fatty acid (Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid = PUFA) from the omega 3 group . Lately, a new hypothesis claiming that a reduced level of this essential acids expose the fetus later in his adult life to a spectrum of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. New publication on animal models showed higher rates of obesity, insulin resistance diabetes and cardiovascular damage on mice exposed short chain fatty acids compared to those treated with enriched ALA diet supplementation. Different nutritional and gynecological health organization around the world including the FDA, recommend incorporating omega 3 fatty acids supplementation to daily diet and specifically in pregnant women in order to raise their blood levels for the developing fetus. However, normal fatty acid profile of the omega 3 group in mother and fetus haven't been described yet. Furthermore, the total effect and future benefit to fetus haven't been thoroughly studied and is based mainly on presumptions. The aim of this study is to learn the effect of different supplementations from the omega 3 group on the maternal and fetal fatty acid profile during pregnancy and to study their epigenetic influence. Study methods: Women 12 weeks of gestation visiting high risk unit and fitting inclusion criteria will be offered to participate in the study. Demographic, medical and obstetrical information will be collected from medical files after giving signed informed consent . Each participant will be randomly assigned to one of three arms of the study based on the order of being recruited (1‐ to first group, 2‐ to second group, 3 ‐ to third group, 4‐ to first group, etc.). Randomization will be done by the principal investigator that is not one of the high risk unit team, and will be blinded to the participants and the treating doctor. Group 1: Enriched diet with 2 capsules of ALA supplementation a day ‐ 630 mg in each capsule. Total amount of 1260 mg (Daily recommended dose is 1‐2 g). Group 2: Enriched diet with 2 capsules of DHA+EPA supplementation a day (Each capsule consist of 240 mg DHA and 360 mg EPA) Group 3: Control group ‐ Will receive 2 placebo capsule a day (All products will be supplied by the same company that is approved by the FDA and the Israeli health ministry) Follow up will take place on every visit to the high risk unit that is 3 and 2 weeks apart at the second and third trimester, respectively. On each visit one blood tube that include 5cc of blood will be taken for fatty acid profile analysis and on labor 2 blood tubes will be taken from the mother and from the umbilical cord after separation of the placenta : 1‐ for fatty acid analysis , 2‐ for PCR evaluation of mRNAs of genes that were found correlated in animal models to be influenced by maternal diet during pregnancy and are connected to metabolic syndrome pathologies in adulthood ( including ‐ FASn, Elov6, PPAR (α, β/δ, γ), SCD1, Fads2, SREBP‐1 Ppargc1alpha, Lpin1, Plin5 , MAPK/PGC‐1α. (
 Final height data, body composition and glucose metabolism in growth hormone-treated short children born small for gestational age;  Low birth weight has been associated with impaired insulin sensitivity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and cardiovascular disease in later life. GH therapy is known to increase fasting and postprandial insulin levels. For this reason concern has been expressed regarding the possible detrimental effects of GH therapy in children born small for gestational age (SGA). To assess the effects of GH therapy on body composition, carbohydrate metabolism and final height in short SGA children, 165 prepubertal short children born SGA were enrolled in either a multicentre, double‐blind, randomized, dose‐response GH trial (n = 75) or in a GH controlled trial (n = 90). The inclusion criteria were: (1) birth length standard deviation score (SDS) below ‐2; (2) age 3‐8 years; (3) height SDS below ‐2. The children's mean (SD) age was 7.3 (2.1) years (GH dose‐response trial) and 6.0 (1.5) years (GH controlled trial), birth length SDS was ‐3.6 and height SDS was ‐3.0 (0.7). In the GH dose‐response trial, children were randomly assigned to either 1 mg GH/m(2) per day (group A, n = 41) or 2 mg GH/m(2) per day (group B, n = 38) ( approximately 0.033 or 0.067 mg/kg per day, respectively). In the GH controlled trial, children were randomly assigned to 1 mg GH/m(2) per day (n = 60) or served as controls (n = 30). Subjects underwent standard oral glucose tolerance tests and measurement of body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and serum lipids at baseline and after 1 and 6 years of GH therapy and again 6 months after discontinuation of GH. Body composition was measured by dual energy x‐ray absorptiometry at baseline and again after 3 years in the GH controlled trial. Mean (SD) final height SDS was not significantly different between the two GH dosage groups: ‐1.2 (0.7) in group A and ‐0.8 (0.7) in group B. At the start of GH therapy, 8% of children had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in comparison with healthy peers. GH therapy induced considerably higher fasting and glucose‐stimulated insulin levels after 1 and 6 years, regardless of GH dosage. After 6 years, 4% of children had IGT. Six months after discontinuation of GH, glucose levels remained normal, whereas fasting and glucose‐stimulated insulin returned to levels comparable to those of healthy peers. None of the children developed diabetes. During 6 years of GH therapy both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly and remained so after discontinuation of GH therapy. At baseline all children had reduced bone mineral content and lean body mass. Fat mass was not significantly lower than normal. Treatment with 1 mg GH/m(2) per day resulted in a significant increase in (and normalization of) bone mineral content and lean body mass in comparison with untreated short SGA controls. Fat mass decreased during the first year of GH but returned to values comparable to those at baseline in the following 2 years of GH therapy. We found that long‐term, continuous GH therapy in short children born SGA leads to a normalization of height during childhood and to a normal final height in most children, regardless of GH dosage. Only very short or relatively older children may need a dosage of 2 mg GH/m(2) per day. Long‐term GH therapy had no adverse effects on glucose levels and serum lipids and had a positive effect on blood pressure, even with GH dosages of up to 2 mg/m(2) per day. However, as has been reported in other patient groups, GH induced higher fasting and glucose‐stimulated insulin levels, indicating insulin resistance. After discontinuation of GH serum insulin levels returned to normal age‐reference levels. Short SGA children have a reduction in bone mineral content and lean body mass when compared with healthy controls, which significantly improved (normalized) with GH therapy at a dose of 1 mg/m(2) per day.
 Metformin in the prevention of raised blood pressure in pregnancy in mothers at risk;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Metformin: Participants belonging to group 1 will be given metformin (500 mg) tab twice daily from first trimester till delivery Control Intervention1: Multivitamin tablet: Participants belonging to group 2 will be given similar looking multivitamin tablets twice daily from first trimester till delivery CONDITION: Health Condition 1: O169‐ Unspecified maternal hypertension,unspecified trimester PRIMARY OUTCOME: Systolic blood pressure more than or equal to 140 mm Hg and/ or diastolic blood pressure more than or equal to 90 mm HgTimepoint: 20 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: Maternal death ; Eclampsia ; Pulmonary oedema ; Severe renal impairment or the need for dialysis ; Cerebral vascular event ; Liver haematoma or rupture ; Placental abruption ; Congenital malformation of newborns ; Hypoglycemia in newborn (blood glucose less than 30 mg% in first 24 hours)Timepoint: second and third trimester, after delivery INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant woman with 1) previous history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension 2) Primigravida 3) Obesity (BMI >35) 4) Patient of diabetes 5) pregnancy interval of more than 10 years 6) family history of pre‐eclampsia 7) multi‐fetal pregnancy 8) high gestational age ( > 40 years) at presentation 10)pre‐existing vascular disease 11) pre‐existing kidney disease(including chronic kidney patient with GFR above 50 ml/min) 12) pregnant mothers who will come for their first visit in first trimester
 The effect of warfarin on blood viscosity in patients with ischemic stroke;  INTERVENTION: Drug : blood viscosity effect with warfarin vs. aspirin: blood viscosity measurement in the group of warfarin Tx, with International Normalized Ratio (INR) 2‐3 blood viscosity measurement in the group of aspirin Tx, with 3 days of medication CONDITION: Diseases of the nervous system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood viscosity levels of high (300/sec) and low (5/sec) shear rates SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood viscosity distribution according to CHADS2 scores in patients with atrial fibrillation INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male or female subjects with treatment‐naïve non‐valvular atrial fibrillation as evidenced by documented ECG evidence. o Female subjects of childbearing potential must be abstinent or practicing methods of birth control which are recognized as effective. o Females of childbearing potential must have a negative serum ß‐hCG pregnancy test prior to study enrollment. • Subject has a CHADS2 stroke risk score of 2 or greater and is eligible for warfarin therapy. o Congestive heart failure, hypertension, age of 75 years or greater, and diabetes each get 1 point towards the risk score. A previous stroke, transient ischemic attack, or thromboembolism gets 2 points. • Subject is between 18 and 90 years of age. • Subject is willing to comply with the requirements of the study protocol. • Subject has given written informed consent to participate in the study.
 Effect of VitaminD on Metabolic Profile in Overweight or Obese Womens;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 25 mcg Lactose for 90 days Intervention 1: Control group: 25 mcg Lactose for 90 days. Intervention 2: Intervention group: 1000 IU Vitamin D for 90 days. Intervention group: 1000 IU Vitamin D for 90 days Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories Overweight or Obese. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overweight or Obese. Timepoint: Every Month for 3 months. Method of measurement: Anthropometric Index, Bioelectric Impedance. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hyperlipidemia. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: serum lipid levels. Hypertension. Timepoint: Every Month for 3 months. Method of measurement: Measurement of Blood Pressure. Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: 3 months. Method of measurement: 75‐OGTT. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age of 18–45 years (before menopause), Body Mass Index=25 (BMI; in kg/m2 calculated as weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters), No Use of Dietary Supplements, Absence of Menopause, Stable Body Weight (body weight change =3 kg) for 2 mo before intervention, Good general Health, No Smoking, Normal Blood Pressure Values (=160/95mm Hg), Cholesterol Concentrations not Requiring Pharmaceutical Treatment, Normal Thyroid Function, No use of Medication that could affect body weight, No participation in another clinical trial within 6 mo of screening, No breastfeeding or pregnancy. Exclusion criteria: History of Osteoporosis, Rheumatic Disease, Diabetes Mellitus, Epilepsy, Renal Disease under Hemodialysis, Liver disease, Gastrointestinal Disease, Myocardial infarction, Angina Pectoris, Heart Valve Disease, or Pacemaker Implantation. Compliance less than 70 out of 90 prescribed tablets
 Effect of Physical Exercise Program During Pregnancy on Excessive Weight Gain and Its Consequences;  BACKROUND: Pregnancy and delivery can condition significantly women's health. In particular, an excessive gain of weight during pregnancy constitutes a risk factor which may lead to (i) different alterations during pregnancy such as gestational diabetes or hypertension, (ii) foetus health problems (macrosomia), (iii) delivery complications (dystocia, prolonged labour and increased number of caesareans) and (iv) future health disorders for the woman (overweight, obesity and cardiovascular alterations). Furthermore, during pregnancy pelvic floor health problems, such as urinary incontinence (IU) may arise or worsen. OBJECTIVES: The main aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of a moderate physical exercise program called Blooming Exercise Program (BEP) developed during pregnancy in order to control excessive maternal weight gain and its consequences. Additionally, other objectives of the study were to analyse the influence of BEP on urinary incontinence, on the other pregnancy outcomes (maternal and foetal) and on the perception of the pregnant's health. DESIGN: A randomized, controlled trial called has been conducted. 300 healthy pregnant women were recruited and divided into an intervention group (IG, n=100) and a control group (CG, n=200). The IG participated in BEP as from week 10‐12 of gestation (at least 56 sessions through 22 weeks. 3 sessions per week). The CG did not participate in any supervised program addressed to pregnant women but received regular health care. Pregnancy outcomes regarding the mother and the new born, urinary incontinence and women's habits data were obtained and registered through initial interviews, medical records and two specific questionnaires on health and urinary incontinency (ICIQ‐SF and King's).
 Administration of Methylprednisolone in prevention of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: routine treatment for prevention of OHSS. Intervention 2: Methylprednisolone 16mg/daily orally, until 5 weeks plus 1 gm IV injection on retrieval and embryo transfer day. Methylprednisolone 16mg/daily orally, until 5 weeks plus 1 gm IV injection on retrieval and embryo transfer day. routine treatment for prevention of OHSS Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: O94 , O99 Other obstetric conditions, not elsewhere classified Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome. ; Other obstetric conditions, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: OHSS occurrence rate. Timepoint: Until 20 days after embryos transfer (ET). Method of measurement: accordance with the Golan 5 grade system. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Achieved and transferred embryos number and quality. Timepoint: 48‐72 hours after oocyte retrieval. Method of measurement: embryology results. Cancellation rate. Timepoint: day 13 after embryo transfer. Method of measurement: patient records. Chemical pregnancy rate. Timepoint: day 13 after embryo transfer. Method of measurement: laboratory results. Clinical pregnancy rate. Timepoint: 4 weeks after embryo transfer. Method of measurement: Ultrasound results. Estradiol concentration. Timepoint: on the day before hCG administration. Method of measurement: laboratory results. Implantation rate. Timepoint: 4 weeks after embryo transfer. Method of measurement: Ultrasound results. Retrieved and injected oocytes number and quality. Timepoint: oocyte retrieval day. Method of measurement: embryology results. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome patients 2.Indication for IVF/ICSI and Long Protocol ovarian stimulation 3.Age<35 4.Basal FSH=10 5.Normal BMI (20‐25) 6.Physical health Exclusion Criteria: 1. Allergy to GnRH analogues, FSH and corticosteroids 2. presence of heart failure, recent myocardial infarction, Hypertension, Diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, glaucoma, hypothyroidism, hepatic failure, osteoporosis, peptic ulceration, psychosis, or severe affective disorders and renal impairment. 3. Using drugs that have interaction with corticosteroids such as Cyclosporine, Phenobarbital, Phenytoin, Rifampin, Ketoconazole, Aspirin and Anticoagulants (All of these drugs shouldn’t be used during recent 2 weeks prior to the study and during corticosteroids consumption)
 A RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, MULTI-CENTER STUDY TO EVALUATE THE CARDIOPROTECTIVE EFFECTS OF MC-1 IN PATIENTS UNDERGOING HIGH-RISK CORONARY ARTERY BYPASS GRAFT (CABG) SURGERY - MEND-CABG II;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: MC‐1 Pharmaceutical Form: Coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Pyridoxal 5'‐Phosphate (P5P) monohydrate CAS Number: 41468‐25‐1 Current Sponsor code: MC‐1 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 268,22‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: MC‐1 Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for injection* INN or Proposed INN: Pyridoxal 5'‐Phosphate (P5P) CAS Number: 41468‐25‐1 Current Sponsor code: MC‐1 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Powder for injection* Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous bolus use (Noncurrent) CONDITION: For treatment to reduce cardiovascular events associated with ischemic damage and/or ischemia‐reperfusion injury in patients undergoing CABG surgery. ; MedDRA version: 8.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10051624 Term: Myocardial reperfusion injury PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to determine the effect of MC‐1 on the combined incidence of cardiovascular death and nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) up to and including 30 days following CABG surgery compared with placebo. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint will be the incidence of cardiovascular death or nonfatal MI up to and including post‐operative day (POD) 30.; Nonfatal MI will be defined as a peak creatine kinase myocardial band (CK‐MB) level; =100 ng/ml up to and including POD 4, or a new 30 ms q‐wave in 2 contiguous leads along with CK‐MB of =70 ng/ml on days up to and including POD 4, or a new peak CK‐MB of =25 ng/ml or above occurring after POD 4, or a new 30 ms q‐wave in 2 contiguous leads that was not present at POD 4, or a q‐wave or non���q‐wave MI as identified by the investigator and confirmed by the Clinical Endpoint Committee (CEC). Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives of this study are to determine:; ; • Length of hospital stay for index hospitalization; • Length of stay in ICU/coronary care unit (CCU) for index hospitalization; • Incidence of cardiovascular death up to and including post operative day 90 ; (POD 90); ; Additional pre‐specified secondary endpoints will include:; • Incidence of cardiovascular death or nonfatal MI up to and including POD 90;; • Incidence of cardiovascular death up to and including POD 4 and POD 30;; • Incidence of nonfatal MI up to and including POD 4, POD 30, and POD 90;; • Incidence of nonfatal cerebral infarction up to and including POD 4, POD 30, and; POD 90;; • Incidence of all‐cause mortality up to and including POD 4, POD 30, and POD 90;; • MMSE score at POD 30 and POD 90 (MMSE score among patients whose MMSE at screening was =27);; • CK‐MB AUC (0‐24 hours) (CK‐MB AUC (0‐24 hours) among patients who had a nonfatal MI) INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Provide informed consent • Patients who are =18 years of age • Male patients, or female patients who are not of childbearing potential or female patients who have had a negative pregnancy test and are practicing adequate contraception • Patients must be scheduled to undergo CABG surgery with planned cardiopulmonary bypass, during routine scheduling times • Patients must be considered at “high‐risk” for subsequent myocardial complications defined as meeting TWO OR MORE of the following criteria : o Age = 65 years o Current or recent smoker (within the last 6 months) o History of diabetes mellitus requiring treatment other than diet o Evidence of left ventricular dysfunction or congestive heart failure o History of a previous non‐disabling stroke, transient ischemic attack, or carotid endarterectomy o Urgent CABG intervention defined as the need to stay in the hospital o History of MI that occurred more than 48 hours but l
 IV Keppra in the Emergency Department for Prevention of Early Recurrent Seizures;  More than one in every one hundred patients presenting to the emergency department for care do so for seizures. More than half of these patients will require medications, often intravenously (IV), while in the emergency department. For many years the standard treatment has been phenytoin. However, there are many known contraindications to the use of this drug. These include known hypersensitivity, cardiac arrhythmias, cardiac disease, impaired liver or kidney function, diabetes mellitus, older age, thyroid disease, pregnancy, and alcohol use. A recent review of patients with seizure disorder at Emory Crawford Long and Emory University hospitals suggested that a significant percentage of those who were taking phenytoin actually had one or more of these contraindications. Additionally, the IV form of phenytoin has known, severe adverse effects including cardiovascular collapse, life threatening cardiac arrhythmias, and severe hypotension. There is another form of Phenytoin, called Fosphenytoin, that while safer in some respects still has similar concerns associated with its administration. Levetiracetam (Keppra) has been available as an oral drug in the United States since 2000 and has a well established safety record when used as an add‐on drug for patients with partial onset seizures. A double‐blinded randomized study has shown that levetiracetam is also effective for primary generalized seizures as well. The IV form of levetiracetam has recently been approved by the FDA for use. The only known contraindications other than known hypersensitivity include impaired renal function, psychiatric disorder, older age, and pregnancy. IV levetiracetam is not known to cause any of the acute, catastrophic events seen occasionally with phenytoin. The investigators would therefore like to compare IV phenytoin and fosphenytoin to IV levetiracetam in preventing early recurrent seizures. Patients with known seizure disorders would be randomly assigned to one of two groups and therefore receive either IV fosphenytoin or IV levetiracetam. After an observation period, seizure free patients would be discharged and 24 hour phone follow up conducted to assess for the effectiveness of these anti‐seizure medications as well as for any adverse reactions.
 Evaluation of efficacy of sodium valproate in cervical and lumbar radicular pain management;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo Intervention 1: Control group: placebo. Intervention 2: Intervention group: sodium valproate, 200 mg, once a day for 10 days. Intervention group: sodium valproate, 200 mg, once a day for 10 days. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: cervical and lumbar radicular pain. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Number of acetaminophen administration. Timepoint: 10 days after beginning of intervention. Method of measurement: Empty acetaminophen blister which will be recieved by patients. Pain intensity. Timepoint: Before intervention, 10 days after beginning of intervention. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum concentration of sodium valproate. Timepoint: 10 days after beginning intervention. Method of measurement: Gas chromatography with flame ionization detector. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria: 1. Diagnosis of lumbar or cervical radicular pain based on diagnostic of rheumatology specialist. 2. Age between 30 and 60 years. 3. Patients will included if they don’t have possibility of health risk or confounding by other diseases of syndromes, e.g., pregnancy, thyroid disorders, hepatic or kidney disorders, congestive heart failure and diabetes mellitus. 4. Patients havent used sodium valproate or if they have been using, they must remember pain intensity before using sodium valproate and can compare with current pain intensity. 5. Weight between 60 and 90 kg. Exclusion criteria: 1. Intolerance to sodium valproate side effects. 2. Patients will be forced to administerated medicines that change protein binding or clearance of sodium valproate. 3. Patients will be given diseases that affect the results of study.
 Hypertrophic burn scar;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Common aquatic gel phonophoresis for maximum 7 minutes in each session for total 10 session by pulsed ultrasound with 1‐1.5 watt per centimiter square intensity and 1 mega hertz frequency Intervention 1: Intervention group: Dexamethasone 0.4 % gel phonophoresis for maximum 7 minutes in each session for total 10 session by pulsed ultrasound with 1‐1.5 watt per centimiter square intensity and 1Mega Hertz frequency. Intervention 2: Control group: Common aquatic gel phonophoresis for maximum 7 minutes in each session for total 10 session by pulsed ultrasound with 1‐1.5 watt per centimiter square intensity and 1 mega hertz frequency. Intervention group: Dexamethasone 0.4 % gel phonophoresis for maximum 7 minutes in each session for total 10 session by pulsed ultrasound with 1‐1.5 watt per centimiter square intensity and 1Mega Hertz frequency Rehabilitation CONDITION: Hypertrophic burn scar. ; Hypertrophic scar Hypertrophic scar PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hypertrophic Scar Characteristics. Timepoint: begining, last session and one week after intervention. Method of measurement: Vancouver Scar Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Scar pruritus. Timepoint: begining, last session and one week after intervention. Method of measurement: 5‐D Pruritus Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 18‐65 years old; at least 8 weeks post injury; scar size below 25 cm square Exclusion criteria: Diabetes mellitus; clinical anemia ; peripheral vascular disease; hypotension; congestive heart failure; immunodeficiency; chemotherapy; malignancy; lactation; pregnancy; near brain, eye and reproductive organ
 The effect of Magnesium in migraine prophylaxis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention1: The patients treat with Propranolol (tablet 20 mg, manufactured by Rooz Daru Company) and Magnesium oxide (tablet 250 mg, manufactured by Abidi Company). Intervention 2: Intervention 2: The patients treat with Propranolol (tablet 20 mg, manufactured by Rooz Daru company) and placebo (same Magnesium tablet, contain lactose, manufactured by Ahvaz College of pharmacy). Intervention 2: The patients treat with Propranolol (tablet 20 mg, manufactured by Rooz Daru company) and placebo (same Magnesium tablet, contain lactose, manufactured by Ahvaz College of pharmacy). Intervention1: The patients treat with Propranolol (tablet 20 mg, manufactured by Rooz Daru Company) and Magnesium oxide (tablet 250 mg, manufactured by Abidi Company). Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Migraine Migraine headache. ; Migraine PRIMARY OUTCOME: Frequency of headache in month. Timepoint: At admission time,after one month and after 3 month. Method of measurement: Questionnaire form. SECONDARY OUTCOME: MIDAS score. Timepoint: At the admission, and after 3 month. Method of measurement: Questionnaire form. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with history of moderate or severe migraine headache with or without aura. Exclusion criteria: Patient lesser than 15 and more than 50 years old. Women with menstrual migraine; history of active peptic ulcer and severe abdominal discomfort; history of diabetes mellitus; asthma; severe depression; heart failure; Pregnancy; Lactation and patients who suffered from other headaches except migraine.
 Effect of empowerment approach counseling on pregnancy anxiety and child birth self efficacy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Control group: Control group will only receive routin pregnancy care. Intervention 2: In the intervention group, counseling during 4 sessions will be 120‐90 minutes in 4 consecutive weeks. CONDITION: Pregnancy anxiety. ; Other anxiety disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Child Birth Self Efficacy. Timepoint: Before entervention ,48‐24 hoursafter delivery and 4‐8 weeks after invention. Method of measurement: Child Birth Self Efficacy Questionnare. Empowerment Pregnant Women. Timepoint: Before intervention and 4 to 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: KAMEDA Cuestionnaire. Pregnancy anxiety. Timepoint: Before intervention and 4 to 8 weeks after inventio. Method of measurement: Pregnancy Related Anxiety Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Epowerment. Timepoint: Before intervention and 4‐8 weeks after interwention. Method of measurement: KAMEDA Questionnare. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Single‐swallow pregnancy Gestational age 28 to 32 weeks Age of 35‐18 years Primiparus Risk of no pregnancy (no baseline cardiac, pulmonary, thyroid, blood pressure, diabetes and thrombosis, according to a pregnant woman.) Not having trouble communicating (distance problem, verbal problem, etc. Average score of less than 62 in the self‐efficacy tool
 Effectiveness of Cognitive-Behavioral Stress Management Intervention on Anxiety in pregnancy and Maternal-Fetal attachment;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Control group : No action Intervention 1: Intervention group : cognitive‐ behavioral stress management skills training , 10 sessions , 2 times a week , every 90 minutes. Intervention 2: Control group : No action. Intervention group : cognitive‐ behavioral stress management skills training , 10 sessions , 2 times a week , every 90 minutes CONDITION: Condition 1: pregnancy. Condition 2: Anxiety. Condition 3: maternal ‐ fetal attachment. ; Supervision of normal pregnancy ; Generalized anxiety disorder ; Fetus and newborn affected by maternal conditions that may be unrelated to present pregnancy Fetus and newborn affected by maternal conditions that may be unrelated to present pregnancy Generalized anxiety disorder Supervision of normal pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: Before intervention , Two weeks after the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Beck Anxiety Inventory. Maternal ‐ fetal attachment. Timepoint: Before intervention , Two weeks after the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Kranly maternal ‐ fetal Attachment Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 18 to 35 years old; first pregnancy; 14 to 28 weeks gestational age based on the date of the first day of the last menstrual period; moderate or severe anxiety based on Beck Anxiety Inventory; ability to read and write; low‐risk pregnancy; no history of significant mental and physical chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease and depression; avoiding the use of chemical or herbal anti‐anxiety drugs and sedatives. Exclusion criteria: not wanting to take part in training sessions; complication of pregnancy that resulted in the inability of the mother to participate in class; medication to reduce anxiety; specialized counseling psychology and absence more than 3 times in educational sessions.
 feeding problems of Premature Infants;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: reflexology on the breast, solar plexus and pituitary points on the feet for 20 minutes (10 minutes on each foot), once a day for three days. Intervention 2: The control group: without action. Intervention 3: The placebo group: received a gentle massage on the legs for 20 minutes (10 minutes on each foot), once a day for three days. Intervention group: reflexology on the breast, solar plexus and pituitary points on the feet for 20 minutes (10 minutes on each foot), once a day for three days Prevention The control group: without action The placebo group: received a gentle massage on the legs for 20 minutes (10 minutes on each foot), once a day for three days CONDITION: Breast feeding. ; feeding problems of newborn feeding problems of newborn PRIMARY OUTCOME: The volume of milk expressed 2 hours after the last expression and at least half an hour after the massage. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ on the first and three days of intervention. Method of measurement: Squeezing through the electric pump. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Volume of breast milk expressed during 24 hours. Timepoint: Before intervention‐ on the firs and three days of intervention. Method of measurement: recording on the diary by the women. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: lactating women who have a singleton or twin preterm infant (s) (gestational age of 28 to34 weeks) aged4‐7 days hospitalized at the neonatal intensive care unit; Have neonates are breast‐fed by nasogastric tube; Have willing to continue breastfeeding; Mother's have not disease affecting milk production (e.g. Nutrition disorders, depression, diabetes, dehydration); Mothers have not chronic diseases (e.g. cardiovascular disease or psychological disease, deep vein thrombosis and peripheral nerve diseases);The mothers avoiding use of any medication or treatment affecting on breastfeeding in during research; not infection or sore of woman's fee; No problems mammary (breast fissures, congestion, mastitis and breast abscesses); not occurrence of severe psychological problems for the woman such as death of a close relative or job loss). Exclusion criteria: Unwillingness women to continuation of presence at research; intention to start using a
 Effect of levothyroxine on serum lipids in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism;  INTERVENTION: In the case group Levothyroxine sodium (brand name Levoxin) tablet manufactured by Iran hormone pharmaceutical company with dose of 50 microgramg is used once a day for 3 months Intervention 1: In the case group Levothyroxine sodium (brand name Levoxin) tablet manufactured by Iran hormone pharmaceutical company with dose of 50 microgramg is used once a day for 3 months. Intervention 2: No intervention is done in control group. No intervention is done in control group Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hypothyroidism. ; Subclinical iodine‐deficiency hypothyroidism Subclinical iodine‐deficiency hypothyroidism PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cholesterol. Timepoint: 0 and 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dL. HDL. Timepoint: 0 and 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dL. LDL. Timepoint: 0 and 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dL. T4. Timepoint: 0 and 3 months later. Method of measurement: ng/dL. TG. Timepoint: 0 and 3 months later. Method of measurement: mg/dL. TSH. Timepoint: 0 and 3 months later. Method of measurement: mIU/L. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:subclinical hypothyroidism; Exclusion criteris: TSH>10 mIU/L; pregnancy; hyperlipidemia; serum anti‐TPO Ab positivity; goiter; diabetes mellitus; ischemic heart disease.
 Investigation of the effect of ginger on the lipid levels. A double blind controlled clinical trial;  OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of fine powder of ginger on lipid level in volunteer patients. METHODS: This is a double blind controlled clinical trial study in 2 cardiac clinics Cardiac Disease Clinic, Babol, north of Iran, between April to May 2004. We randomly divided the patients with hyperlipidemia into 2 groups, treatment group (receiving ginger capsules 3 g/day in 3 divided doses) and placebo group (lactose capsule 3 g/day in 3 divided doses) for 45 days. All subjects with diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, nephrotic syndrome, and alcohol drinking, pregnancy and peptic ulcer were excluded. Lipid concentrations profile before and after treatment was measured by enzymatic assay. RESULTS: Forty‐five patients in the treatment group and 40 patients in placebo group participated in this study. There was a significant reduce in triglyceride, cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), levels of before and after study separately in each group (p<0.05). Mean changes in triglyceride and cholesterol levels of ginger group were significantly higher than placebo group (p<0.05). Mean reduction in LDL level and increase in high density lipoprotein level of ginger group were higher than the placebo group, but in VLDL level of placebo was higher than ginger (p>0.05). CONCLUSION: The results show that ginger has a significant lipid lowering effect compared to placebo.
 Evaluation of the oral Nicorandil effect on reducing the contrast-induced;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: from 2 hours before to 24 to 48 hours after the procedure, oral nicorandil 10 mg 3 times a day, and intravenous normal saline from 2 hours before to 6 hours after the procedure are given to patients. Intervention 2: Control group: In the control group, intravenous normal saline (1 ml / kg / hr) was given to patients from 2 hours before to 6 hours after the procedure. CONDITION: cardiac catheterization. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Laboratory banksHb, FBS, HCT, TG, LDL, HDL,ChoL. Timepoint: The first step at the beginning of the study. Method of measurement: Sampling. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum creatinine and creatinine clearance and BUN. Timepoint: It is measured 24 to 48 hours after the procedure. Method of measurement: Protocol based analysis. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Based on the risk score,Have a moderate risk or at least two risk factors for contrast nephropathy. EF less than 40 Diabetes mellitus. Blood pressure above 140/90 mm Hg, Renal failure (GFR) less than 60 No pregnancy (basal serum creatinine above 1.5 mg / dl) Minimum age 18
 Comparison between Platelet Rich Plasma(PRP) and corticosteroid in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis;  INTERVENTION: first group: Injection of 5 cc PRP (tubex, super PRP tube system) in the knee intraarticularly. Intervention 1: first group: Injection of 5 cc PRP (tubex, super PRP tube system) in the knee intraarticularly. Intervention 2: second group: injection of 40 mg corticosteroid (Depomedrol) in the knee intraarticularly. second group: injection of 40 mg corticosteroid (Depomedrol) in the knee intraarticularly. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Gonarthrosis [arthrosis of knee]. ; Primary gonarthrosis, bilateral Primary gonarthrosis, bilateral PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain severity. Timepoint: before injection, 3 weeks, 2 and 6 months after injection. Method of measurement: VAS. Pain, symptomes and function of patient. Timepoint: before injection, 2 and 6 months after injection. Method of measurement: KOOS questionnaire. Time of 20 meters traverse. Timepoint: before injection, 3 weeks, 2 and 6 months after injection. Method of measurement: 20 meteres walk test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion: knee osteoarthritis; VAS more than 60; use of at least two other methods of treatment previously. Exclusion: breast feeding; pregnancy; RA; severe cardiac disease; immunosuppresion; warfarin intake; coagulopathies; take NSAID or ASA during 5 days ago; radiculopathy; knee surgery during 3 months ago; active infection or malignancy; substance abuse; poor controlled diabetes mellitus; any knee injection during 6 months ago; doing physiotherapy or acupuncture during 6 months after injection
 Intra-Articular Injection of Ketorolac for Post-Arthroscopic Pain Control;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Intra‐Articular Injection of Saline Intervention 1: Control group: Intra‐Articular Injection of Saline. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Intra‐Articular Injection of Ketorolac. Intervention group: Intra‐Articular Injection of Ketorolac Placebo Prevention CONDITION: Post‐operative pain. ; Tear of meniscus, Sprain and strain involving (anterior)(posterior) cruciate ligament of knee S83.2, S83 Tear of meniscus, Sprain and strain involving (anterior)(posterior) cruciate ligament of knee PRIMARY OUTCOME: Knee Pain. Timepoint: 24‐hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Visual analogue scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Opioid requirement. Timepoint: 24‐hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Doses used. Sleep disorder. Timepoint: Night after surgery. Method of measurement: Subjective. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient agreement; No history of cardiac and renal diseases; No history of lower limb fractures; No congenital disorders of extremities; No addiction to opioid. Exclusion criteria: History of regular analgesic and anti‐inflammatory drugs; Neuropathies such as diabetes mellitus; Pregnancy; Patient with Coagulopathy; History of Gastro‐Intestinal bleeding; History of Ketorolac‐related complication or sensitivity
 Effect of probiotic in improving laboratory findings in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: In control group, two placebo tablets will be given daily for 60 days In intervention group, two Gerilact tablets 500 mg will be administered daily for 60 days Intervention 1: In intervention group, two Gerilact tablets 500 mg will be administered daily for 60 days. Intervention 2: In control group, two placebo tablets will be given daily for 60 days. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fatty liver grade. Timepoint: Before and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: With sonography. Lipid profile. Timepoint: Before and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: with laboratory examination. Liver function tests. Timepoint: Before and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: with laboratory examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with newly diagnosed fatty liver grade II and III; with no treatment for NAFLD; BMI 25‐40 kg/m2; over 18 years old. Exclusion criteria: any gastrointestinal disease; diabetes mellitus; cardiac or kidney failure; thyroid disease; rheumatoid arthritis; chronic liver disease beside NAFLD; cancer; antibiotic therapy two weeks prior or during study; vitamin, antioxidant, fiber and omega3 complement use 3 weeks prior or during study; pregnancy or breast feeding, OCP use; liver transplantation; alcohol use.
 Effects of pomegranate juice on osteoarthritis of the knee;  INTERVENTION: Control group: No intervention will do in control group. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Daily consumption of 200 ml pomegranate juice produced by Takdaneh company for 6 weeks in intervention group. Intervention 2: Control group: No intervention will do in control group. Intervention group: Daily consumption of 200 ml pomegranate juice produced by Takdaneh company for 6 weeks in intervention group Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Gonarthrosis [arthrosis of knee] knee osteoarthritis. ; Gonarthrosis [arthrosis of knee] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: WOMAC questionnair. Physical function. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: WOMAC questionnair. Stiffness. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: WOMAC questionnair. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum glutathione peroxidase. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: before and after the intervention. Sreum mmp13. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: before and after the intervention. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age:30‐80 yrs; diagnosis of osteoarthritis of the knee by a rheumatologist according to ACR criteria ( based on pain history, physical examination, laboratory and radiological findings); ability to drink pomegranate juice and no allergy to this. Exclusion criteria: patients with inflammatory diseases; rheumatoid arthritis; diabetes mellitus; cardiovascular diseases; liver diseases; renal diseases; cancer; who treated with oral corticosteroids in the last 4 weeks; who injected corticosteroids in the last 6 months; antioxidants consumption and pregnancy.
 Effect of saffron on dental pain;  INTERVENTION: Control:starch with dose of 100 mg in each capsule every 6 hours up to 48 hours (400 mg/day) Intervention 1: Intervention: saffron with dose of 100 mg in each capsule every 6 hours up to 48 hours (400 mg/day). Intervention 2: Control:starch with dose of 100 mg in each capsule every 6 hours up to 48 hours (400 mg/day). Intervention: saffron with dose of 100 mg in each capsule every 6 hours up to 48 hours (400 mg/day) Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diseases of pulp and periapical tissues Post‐treatment pain after root canal therapy. ; Diseases of pulp and periapical tissues PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain intensity. Timepoint: Every 6 hours after treatment completion up to 48 hours. Method of measurement: Visual Analog Scale(VAS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: vital teeth with one root canal and moderate to severe pain and patients over 18 years old with at least high school education Exclusion criteria: teeth with periapical lesions; patients with history of allergy to saffron; diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disorders, kidney and liver diseases, blood and hormonal disorders and electrolyte imbalance; women in pregnancy or breast feeding period and use of analgesics or opioids during 4 hours before treatment.
 Fuzheng Jiedu Granules for High-Risk Adults with Covid-19-a Double-blind, Randomized, Controlled trial;  INTERVENTION: FZJDG:Conventional therapy+FZJDG,1 bag (15g) each time, 3 times a day;Control group:Conventional therapy; CONDITION: COVID‐19 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The proportion of patients who progressed to a severe disease status; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Shortness of breath with a respiratory rate (RR) =30/min and peripheral blood oxygen saturation =93% in resting state;The proportion of tracheotomy, intubation, and invasive mechanical ventilation;Incidence of complications.;Proportion of ICU admissions;Length of hospital stay;Concomitant symptoms when discharge;Morbidity rate;The proportion of high‐flow nasal‐catheter oxygenation (HFNC) and Noninvasive Mechanical Ventilation;Time to symptom recovery; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Confirmed Covid‐19 patients according to Scheme for Diagnosis and Treatment of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia(The 8th Trial Edition); 2. Age>=18 years old; 3. Adults who have at least one following characteristic associated with a high risk of progression to severe Covid‐19: (1) >60 years old; (2) People with underlying diseases such as cardiovascular disease (including hypertension), chronic lung disease, diabetes mellitus, chronic liver and kidney disease, tumors; (3) Immune deficiency (e.g. AIDS patients, long‐term use of corticosteroids or other immunosuppressive drugs leading to a hypoimmune state); (4) Obesity (BMI>=30); (5) Women in late pregnancy and perinatal period; (6) Heavy smokers. Or emerging warning indicators of progression to severe/critical disease: (1) Hypoxemia or progressive worsening of respiratory distress; (2) Decrease of tissue oxygenation indicators (e.g. finger oxygen saturation, oxygenation
 Effect of the phenytoin cream on episiotomy healing and pain reduction;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Osserin Cream( placebo) Intervention 1: Interventional group : Phenytoin 1% Cream. Intervention 2: Control group: Osserin Cream( placebo). Interventional group : Phenytoin 1% Cream Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: complication disruption of episiotomy episiotomy. ; complication disruption of episiotomy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Healing ‐ sevierity of pain. Timepoint: 10 and 20 days after intervention begining. Method of measurement: REEDA scale for healing‐ VISUAL ANALOG SCALE for sevierity. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dehiscence of insicion‐ scar lenght. Timepoint: 10 and 20 days after begining of intervention. Method of measurement: percent of second reparation‐ centimeter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: inclusion criteria : mothers with a term delivery ; women with vaginal delivery and episiotomy incision ; 1 or 2 degree episiotomy incision: not very deep incision ; supporting equipment’s like vacuum were not used in delivery process ; a Medio lateral episiotomy incision ; mothers who are not malnutrition or on specific diet ; first pregnancy ; age between 18 years old until 35 ; not having premature rupture of the membranes (PROM) >18 hr.; not having special disease ( anemia , cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, immune disease, liver disease, depression) ; not smoking or drug user ; ability to read and write ; not being obsess ( BMI < 29) exclusion criteria: use special drugs like corticosteroid ,anticoagulant, immune system suppressors, wide spectrum antibiotics, anti‐histamines, Ca antagonist, chemotherapy and radiotherapy, narcotics ; second repairs after delivery; long time delivery or extreme bleeding after delivery ; obstetrician problems li
 Comparing the efficacy of general anesthesia and spinal anesthesia on blood pressure and heart rate changes in renal stone surgery;  INTERVENTION: In the control group, General anesthesia, Induced anesthesia with 3‐5 mg/kg thiopental sodium and maintenance of anesthesia was achieved with propofol (100 mic/kg/min). In the study group, Spinal anesthesia, 15‐20 mg intrathecal bupivacaine isobar 0.5% Intervention 1: In the study group, Spinal anesthesia, 15‐20 mg intrathecal bupivacaine isobar 0.5%. Intervention 2: In the control group, General anesthesia, Induced anesthesia with 3‐5 mg/kg thiopental sodium and maintenance of anesthesia was achieved with propofol (100 mic/kg/min). Prevention CONDITION: First diagnosis of kidney stones N20.0, N13 Percutaneous nephrolithotomy. ; First diagnosis of kidney stones PRIMARY OUTCOME: Heart Rate. Timepoint: Intraoperative and Recovery. Method of measurement: Number /min. Mean Arterial Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Intraoperative and Recovery. Method of measurement: mm Hg. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Consumption of Analgesic Amount. Timepoint: Recovery. Method of measurement: mg. Intraoperative bleeding. Timepoint: Intraoperative. Method of measurement: Measured with the blood suctioned in cc by the graded container. The need of blood transfusion. Timepoint: Intraoperative. Method of measurement: The volume of blood transfused in CC. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria of study: Age 18‐65 yr;ASA Class I‐ II Exclusion criteria of study: Contraindication for spinal anesthesia; Taking any pain medication 24 hours before surgery; Sensitivity to drug study; Substance abuse; Neurologic disease or neuromuscular or psychiatric disease; Chronic pain syndrome; Diabetes mellitus,hypertension,cardiovascular disease,coagulopathy disease; Injection of analgesic during spinal anesthesia; Pregnancy ; Sensory level above T4 or below T10
 Comparison of the effect of tranexamic acid and dexmedetomidine on amount of bleeding in cosmetic nose surgery;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: Tranexamic acid, 10 mg/kg, immediately after anesthesia induction, intravenously. Intervention 2: Intervention group 2: Dexmedetomidine, 1 µg/kg, immediately after anesthesia induction, intravenously. Intervention group 1: Tranexamic acid, 10 mg/kg, immediately after anesthesia induction, intravenously. Intervention group 2: Dexmedetomidine, 1 µg/kg, immediately after anesthesia induction, intravenously. Prevention CONDITION: Other reconstructive surgery Rhinoplasty. ; Other reconstructive surgery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bleeding volume. Timepoint: From the onset of surgery to its end. Method of measurement: The number of used gases. Blood pressure. Timepoint: From the onset of surgery since 180 minutes later, every 30 minutes. Method of measurement: Sphygmometer. Surgeon satisfaction. Timepoint: From the onset of surgery to its end. Method of measurement: Based on surgeon opinion as good, moderate, and bad. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Surgery duration. Timepoint: From the onset of surgery to its end. Method of measurement: Minute. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient satisfaction; Age between 18‐60 years old; ASA class I‐II. Exclusion criteria: Patients with liver, kidney, and cardiovascular diseases or diabetes mellitus; Opium addiction; Using benzodiazepines or clonidine; Sensitivity to study drugs; Pregnancy.
 Efficacy of Spironolactone in Fibromyalgia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Aldactone(R) 50, Spironolactone (increasing dosages day 1 to 6) up to 200 mg/d p.o. for 28 days Intervention 2: Placebo (Dosage of tablets like verum) CONDITION: M79.7 ‐ Fibromyalgia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction of FIQ‐G‐Scores (Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, German version) after 4 weeks of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduction of pain (numeric rating scala, NRS) after 4 weeks; Improvement of mood (ADS) after 4 weeks; Improvement of quality of life (SF‐36) after 4 weeks; Raise in Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) Scores after 6 weeks; Reduction of current analgetic comedication after 4 weeks; Assesment of variability of the plasmaconcentration of the active metabolite of spironolactone after 4 weeks, correlation with scores mentioned above INCLUSION CRITERIA: Fibromyalgia, diagnosed according to ACR 2010 Blood test normal: creatinin, eGFR > 60 ml/min. No known Diabetes mellitus, no known renal disease. BMI > 18 kg/m² No other serious pathological findings in patient history concerning cardio‐vascular, renal, pulmonal, haematopoetic, hepatic, endocrin or neuronal functions Written consent after education about course of events and risks of this study Negative pregnancy test Effective (Pearl Index < 1%) contraception measures (inhibitors of ovulation, heterosexual abstinence, menopause, vasectomized partner, bilateral tube occlusion, or combination of two less effective measures)
 Temporal course of impaired cerebral hemodynamics in patients with preeclampsia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Dopplersonographic measurement of cerebral hemodynamics (dynamic cerebral autoregulation and visual coupling) of women with preeclampsia within one week post partum and after 6 months. If the parameters of cerebral hemodynamics still differ significantly between both groups 6 months post partum we plan another dopplersonographic evaluation 2 years post partum. Parameters of cerebral hemodynamics will be correlated with clinical data which will be inquired using a questionnaire. Intervention 2: Dopplersonographic measurement of cerebral hemodynamics (dynamic cerebral autoregulation and visual coupling) of women without a history of preeclampsia within one week post partum and after 6 months. If the parameters of cerebral hemodynamics still differ significantly between both groups 6 months post partum we plan another dopplersonographic evaluation 2 years post partum. Parameters of cerebral hemodynamics will be correlated with clinical data which will be inquired using a questionnaire. CONDITION: O14.9 ‐ Pre‐eclampsia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Parameters of cerebral hemodynamics will be obtained in a transtemporal dopplersonographic evaluation of A. cerebri media and A. cerebri posterior.; Part A: Cerebral autoregulation (phase or gain) 6 months post partum.; Part B: Neurovascular coupling (resting flow velocity, overshoot flow velocity, steady‐state flow velocity) 6 months post partum. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cardiovascular risk factors (arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, increased BMI). Clinical data will be inquired by means of a questionnaire.; Parameters of cerebral hemodynamics will be obtained in a transtemporal dopplersonographic evaluation of A. cerebri media and A. cerebri posterior.; Part A: Cerebral autoregulation (phase or gain) 2 years post partum.; Part B: Neurovascular coupling (resting flow velocity, overshoot flow velocity, steady‐state flow velocity) 2 years post partum. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women within the first week post partum a) with preeclampsia b) without preeclampsia in this or a preceding pregnancy. 2. age 18 to 45 years. 3. Written informed consent.
 Effects of Berberis Integrima on type 2 dibetes;  INTERVENTION: Each diabetes patient in the intervention group, in addition to routines medication of type 2 diabetic, will receive the daily 3 capsules of 400 mg, containing the extract of the fruit of Berberis vulgaris 3 times in the morning, noon and night for two months . Each diabetic patients in the control group, in addition to routine type 2 diabetic patients drugs, will receive daily 3 placebo capsules at 3 in the morning, noon and night . Intervention 1: Each diabetic patients in the control group, in addition to routine type 2 diabetic patients drugs, will receive daily 3 placebo capsules at 3 in the morning, noon and night . Intervention 2: Each diabetes patient in the intervention group, in addition to routines medication of type 2 diabetic, will receive the daily 3 capsules of 400 mg, containing the extract of the fruit of Berberis vulgaris 3 times in the morning, noon and night for two months . Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes mellitus Type 2 diabetes. ; Type 2 diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: ALT. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. AST. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. BMI. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Calculation. BUN. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. Cratinine. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. Fast blood suger. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and blood glucose measurement. HbA1C. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. LDL‐C. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. Length of patient. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Using a tape measure fixed on the wall (on the scale). Patient weight. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Using the scale. TG. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. Total Chol. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Blood sampling and measurement of blood. VLDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after 2 months (end of the study). Method of measurement: Calculation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: diagnosis of type 2 diabetes patients; age between 30 to 60 years; fasting blood sugar =126mg / dl; venous plasma glucose 2 hours after ingestion of 75 g glucose =200mg / dl; not receiving insulin; HBA1C from 7 to 8.5 percent; duration of diabetes diagnosis be less than 10 years; only using the blood glucose lowering drugs. Exclusion criteria: age less than 30 and more than 60 years; insulin taking; smoking; chronic cardiovascular disease; chronic renal disease; triglycerides more than 500 mg / d; pregnancy; use of anticoagulant drugs (except aspirin); chronic liver disease other than fatty liver; advanced diabetic retinopathy; kidney failure; heart failure; hemorrhagic stroke; high and low work hypothyroidism. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ALT. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. AST. Timepoint: Baseline and end of study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. BMI. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Computing. BUN. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. Cratinine. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. LDL‐C. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. Triglycerides. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood and serum isolated from blood. VLDL. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Computing. Weight. Timepoint: Baseline and end of the study. Method of measurement: Using the same and standardized scale.
 Randomized controlled trial for freezing embryo transplantation with hormone replacement cycle in the treatment of pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism;  Inclusion criteria: 1. Chinese women aged 20 to 50 years old; 2. The menstrual cycle (21 days and 35 days or less or higher); 3. Single FET embryo number 2 or less; 4. Before transplantation thrombosis assessed by the RCOG guidelines for low risk; 5. Patients or agent has signed the informed consent. Exclusion criteria: 1. With ovulation disorder (such as endometriosis, polycystic ovarian syndrome); 2. With history of pregnancy complications, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, etc.; 3. With history of serious obstacle correlation disease or blood clotting function, severe liver and kidney function is not complete; 4. Nearly 3 month history of blood transfusion, the history of intravenous drug use, etc.; 5. After thawing there is no usable embryos; 6. Within 6 months conducted FET or prepared endometrium before FET; 7. Clinical data is not complete. pregnancy‐related venous thromboembolism HRT‐FET group:Use the estrogen and progesterone control the window period of embryo implantation;NC‐FET group:none; The incidence of VTE;
 The effect of Stroke Back Massage on the anxiety and physiological index of diabetic mothers admitted;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Diabetic mothers are admitted to the high risk department of Besat Hospital in Sanandaj, who receive regular care for 4 days at the time of admission and receive 10 minutes a day for back stroke massage every day. Intervention 2: Control group: Diabetic mothers are admitted to the high‐risk section of Besat Hospital in Sanandaj, who receive routine care during admission and do not receive any massage. CONDITION: Gestational diabet, anxiety, stroke back massage. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Days 1,2,3,4 interventions before and after intervention then 2 and 4 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Using a pressure gauge. Body temperature. Timepoint: Days 1,2,3,4 interventions before and after intervention then 2 and 4 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Using a thermometer. Heart beat. Timepoint: Days 1,2,3,4 interventions before and after intervention then 2 and 4 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Using the clock, the number is counted in a minute by the researcher. Number of breaths. Timepoint: Days 1,2,3,4 interventions before and after intervention then 2 and 4 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Using the clock, the number is counted in a minute by the researcher. The level of anxiety in diabetic pregnant Women in the Spielberger Questionnaire. Timepoint: Before the intervention, the fourth day of the intervention, 2 and 4 days after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Spielberger Anxiety Inventory. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Second and third trimester of pregnancy The second day of hospitalization Women with gestational diabetes
 Building Bridges between Physical Activity and Diet to improve (cognitive) health after a meal;  Inclusion criteria: Overweight or obese (BMI = 25 kg/m2 = 35 kg/m2) men/women aged = 45 years, who are sedentary and physically inactive. Exclusion criteria: Diabetes mellitus (type 1/ type 2), cardiovascular disease, untreated hypertension, castrointestinal disease, epilepsy, cancer, thyroid disease, mental disorders, food allergies/intolerances interfering with the study, physical/mental conditions interfering with the study, major illness or injury, glucose/lipid‐lowering medication, anti‐inflammatory medication, anti‐depressants, smoking, following of a strict diet, alcohol consumption > than 3 glasses a day, pregnancy Sedentary behavior, Cognitive functions, Western diet Participants report 4 times to our laboratory and will receive either a western type breakfast or a 'healthy' breakfast. After the meal, they will be exposed to four hours of continuous sitting or sitting interrupted with 5 minute bouts of moderate intensity physical activity every 30 minutes. In total, participants will be exposed to four different combinations (in a randomized order on different days) of a breakfast and sitting/physical activity, with a wash‐out period of one week in between conditions. The primary objective is to determine whether the composition of a meal alters the impact of prolonged, uninterrupted sitting and sitting interrupted with bouts of moderate‐intensity physical activity on cognitive function. The secondary objective is to determine whether the composition of a meal alters the impact of prolonged, uninterrupted sitting and sitting interrupted with bouts of moderate‐intensity physical activity on cerebrovascular health, metabolic health and perceivable benefits. This will give insights into possible mechanism linking nutrition and physical activity with cognition.
 Beta-testing a mobile health program designed to increase postpartum weight loss in women at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease;  Purpose: Postpartum women whose pregnancy conditions indicate elevated risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes can decrease risk via postpartum weight loss, yet traditional face‐toface interventions are often unsuccessful. Our objective was to develop and iteratively test a theory‐based mobile health (mHealth) program designed to help overweight/obese postpartum women reduce risk for cardiometabolic disease. Methods: The mHealth Fit After Baby program delivers daily evidence‐based content, facilitates tracking of weight, diet, and steps, and provides weekly coaching. We initially conducted one round of alpha‐testing among women with young children, focused primarily on generating reaction to various features in the app. We then conducted two rounds of beta‐testing in postpartum women with the target pregnancy conditions, focused on usability, navigability, and acceptability. We analyzed use and feedback to make iterative changes before conducting subsequent rounds of testing. Results: Five women completed alpha testing, and changes made in response to feedback included improving the process of getting started, improving navigation, and adding daily reminders to use the app. Four women completed round one and 13 women completed round two of beta‐testing, with mean age 33 (SD 4.5) years; BMI 34 (SD 6.4) kg/m2, 94% White and 6% Asian. Participants had a recent pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia (41%), pre‐term delivery (35%), gestational hypertension (29%), gestational diabetes (29%), and/or SGA delivery (12%). We demonstrated an increase in participant satisfaction and in the number of coaching interactions from round 1 to round 2. The primary themes from feedback were to: 1) improve navigation through a different home screen; 2) add structure to coaching interactions; and 3) increase content focused on challenges faced by new mothers and on diet (including recipes) and exercise (including workouts). Conclusion: Through a process of iterative development and testing we were able to improve the mHealth Fit After Baby program in preparation for a larger randomized trial.
 The effects of sertraline on blood lipids, glucose, insulin and HBA1C levels: a prospective clinical trial on depressive patients;  BACKGROUND: In this study, we aimed to investigate the possible effects of sertraline on blood glucose and lipid levels as risk factors for cardiovascular disease in depressive patients. METHODS: Eight male and twelve female depressive patients, diagnosed according to DSM‐IV criteria, were included in this study. The subjects aged 19‐50 years, did not smoke, and had normal body mass index (BMI), homeostasis model assessment‐estimated insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) values, blood pressure, blood glucose, insulin and lipid levels. Sertraline therapy (50 mg/day) was started. Patients with diabetes mellitus, heart disease, pregnancy, and those taking other drugs were excluded from the study. Blood glucose, insulin, high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐C), lowdensity lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C), and triglyceride values were measured in patients before, and at the 4th, 8th and 12th weeks after treatment with sertraline. Moreover, HbA1C levels were measured at the beginning and at the end of the treatment (at 12th weeks). RESULTS: There were no significant differences in physical examination (blood pressure, BMI, body weight, height, waist circumference) and laboratory findings (glucose, HDL‐C, LDL‐C, HOMA‐IR and HbA1C levels) at the 12th week after of treatment with sertraline compared to pretreatment values. However, insulin levels at the 4th, 8th and 12th weeks significantly increased compared with pretreatment values. Likewise, triglyceride levels at the 8th and 12th weeks significantly increased compared with pretreatment values. CONCLUSIONS: Sertraline‐treated patients have to be followed up for blood insulin and triglyceride levels. In addition, their treatment plan needs to be adjusted as necessary to prevent possible metabolic changes.
 The effect of delivery preparation consult on the pregnancy outcome and pregnant women’s satisfaction;  INTERVENTION: Control group: routine pregnancy cares for pregnant women Experimental group: holding 8 session of consulting for pregnant women included nutrition, exercise, description about normal vaginal delivery etc, each taking 90 minutes Intervention 1: Experimental group: holding 8 session of consulting for pregnant women included nutrition, exercise, description about normal vaginal delivery etc, each taking 90 minutes. Intervention 2: Control group: routine pregnancy cares for pregnant women. Prevention CONDITION: Pregnancy. ; Supervision of other normal pregnancy Supervision of other normal pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Birth weight. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: Weighing balance of infant's weight. Choosing the type of delivery. Timepoint: 20th and 36th week of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Satisfaction. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after finishing the consult sessions. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. The type of delivery. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. The weight increase of mother during pregnancy. Timepoint: 20th and 36th week of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Weighing balance. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Apgar score. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: Check list. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Those women will be included who are certified by the physician to enjoy complete health; not being inflicted with a specific diseases such diabetes, cardio‐vascular; their pregnancy will not be of high risk such as multi‐twins, repeated abortion, placenta previa, preeclampsia; their gestational age will range from 20 to 23 weeks; having tendency to participate in educational classes; their previous delivery be NVD in the case of multipar women; and have not taken part in the similar educational classes. Exclusion criteria: Those women will be excluded who do not tend to participate in educational classes; make absence more than one session of consult; are not threatened by risk factors such as being conflicted with preeclampsia, amniotic fluid tear and preterm delivery.
 OPPORTUNITY: a randomized clinical trial of growth hormone on outcome in hemodialysis patients;  BACKGROUND: The mortality rate of maintenance hemodialysis (MHD) patients remains high. Measures of protein‐energy wasting, including hypoalbuminemia, are strongly associated with their high mortality. Growth hormone (GH) may improve lean body mass (LBM) and serum albumin levels, and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), which are significantly and positively associated with survival in MHD patients. The OPPORTUNITY Trial will examine whether GH reduces mortality and morbidity and improves overall health in hypoalbuminemic MHD patients. HYPOTHESIS: The primary hypothesis is that daily recombinant human GH injections, compared with placebo, improve survival in hypoalbuminemic MHD patients. Secondary hypotheses are that GH improves morbidity and health, including number of hospitalized days, time to cardiovascular events, LBM, serum protein and inflammatory marker levels, exercise capacity, and HRQoL, and has a favorable safety profile. DESIGN/MEASUREMENTS: This is a prospective, double‐blind, multicenter, randomized clinical trial involving 2500 MHD patients, up to 50% with diabetes mellitus, from 22 countries. Patients are randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive daily injections of GH (20 microg/kg per day) or placebo for 104 weeks. Key inclusion criteria include clinically stable and well‐dialyzed (Kt/V > or =1.2) adult MHD patients with serum albumin <4.0 g/dl. Exclusion criteria include active malignancy, active proliferative or severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy, uncontrolled hypertension, chronic use of high‐dose glucocorticoids, or immunosuppressive agents and pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The OPPORTUNITY Trial is the first large‐scale randomized clinical trial in adult MHD patients evaluating the response to GH of such clinical endpoints as mortality, morbidity, markers of body protein mass, inflammation, exercise capacity, and HRQoL.
 Effectiveness of a Virtual Exercise Program During COVID-19 Confinement on Blood Pressure Control in Healthy Pregnant Women;  Background: The situation caused by COVID‐19 has led to movement restrictions for the majority of the population due to the confinement established by the health authorities. This new situation has changed people’s habits and significantly affected the pregnant population. Decreased exercise and increased psychophysical stress are associated with excessive weight gain, diabetes, and gestational cardiovascular complications that affect the mother, fetus, and newborn. Recent research shows that the dynamics of maternal blood pressure is one of the most important control factors during pregnancy. Thus, prevention of these type of pathologies through interventions without maternal‐fetal risks is important. Objectives: To examine the influence of a virtual exercise program on maternal blood pressure during pregnancy. Materials and Methods: A randomized clinical trial design was used (NCT04563065). Data from 72 pregnant women without obstetric contraindications under confinement conditions in the Madrid area were collected. Women were randomly assigned to the intervention (IG) or control group (CG). They previously signed informed consent forms. A moderate exercise program was performed as an intervention from 8–10 to 38–39 weeks of pregnancy. Systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) maternal blood pressure were measured during the first, second and third trimesters of pregnancy, as well as before and immediately after delivery in both study groups. Results: No differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure during the first, second and third trimesters were found between groups. Significant differences in SBP were found immediately before delivery (IG = 119.83 ± 10.16 vs. CG = 125.6 ± 10.91; p = 0.047) and immediately after delivery (IG = 115.00 ± 11.18 vs. CG = 122.24 ± 15.71; p = 0.045). Conclusions: Results show lower SBP values for the IG during delivery than CG. A virtual exercise program throughout pregnancy during COVID‐19 confinement can help to control systolic blood pressure before and immediately after delivery in healthy pregnant women.
 The effect of fenugreek seeds on some gastrointestinal disorder in patients with mechanical ventilation;  INTERVENTION: in The control group was routinely given special food only / no action in the intervention group will receive 3mg fenugreek seeds through NGT, twice a day, will be added to the special food for the feeding via NG tube for five days. Intervention 1: in the intervention group will receive 3mg fenugreek seeds through NGT, twice a day, will be added to the special food for the feeding via NG tube for five days. Intervention 2: in The control group was routinely given special food only / no action. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: 163, 166 Cerebral infarction Cerebral infarction, Occlusion and stenosis of precerebral arteries, not resulting in cerebral infarction , Other cerebrovascular diseases Chronic ischaemic heart disease, Chronic ischaemic heart disease, Chronic lower respiratory diseases Condition 1: Cerebrovascular diseases. Condition 2: Chronic lower respiratory diseases. Condition 3: Hypertensive diseases. Condition 4: Diseases of the nervous system. Condition 5: Ischaemic heart diseases. Condition 6: Diseases of the circulatory system. Condition 7: Diabetes Mellitus. ; Cerebral infarction, Occlusion and stenosis of precerebral arteries, not resulting in cerebral infarction , Other cerebrovascular diseases ; Chronic lower respiratory diseases ; Essential (primary) hypertension , Hypertensive heart disease ,Secondary hypertension ; Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system ; Chronic ischaemic heart disease, Chronic ischaemic heart disease, ; Cerebral infarction ; Diabetes Mellitus Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system Diabetes Mellitus E10‐E14 Essential (primary) hypertension , Hypertensive heart disease ,Secondary hypertension I10, I11, I23. I25 I63, I65, J40, J41, PRIMARY OUTCOME: Abdominal bloating and distension. Timepoint: Every 24 hours. Method of measurement: Measuring Abdominal circumference to Using a tape measure in centimeter and touching stiffness abdominal to hands and auscultation sounds with stethoscope. Abdominal sounds. Timepoint: Every 24 hours. Method of measurement: Listen to the sounds of each of the four quadrants of the abdomen with a stethoscope in 5 minutes once a day. Gastric residual volume. Timepoint: Every 3 hrs exactly before doing gavage. Method of measurement: by using 50cc gavage syringe. Gastrointestinal bleeding. Timepoint: Every 24 hours. Method of measurement: Sighting vomiting blood, disposal of light bleeding and similar to coffee grounds from the nasogastric tube , black and tarry stools , loss of hemoglobin 2 g over 48 hours without bloodshed another, guaiac test is positive. ( check hemoglobin routinely performed and recorded in the sector). Regurgitation. Timepoint: Every 24 hours. Method of measurement: Based on the regurgitation number of daily excretion in patient chart. The frequency of bowel movements. Timepoint: Every 24 hours. Method of measurement: Based on the registration number of daily excretion in patient chart. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients with informed consent to participate in research; mechanical ventilation; nasogastric tube feeding (NGT); age15‐80 years old; hemodynamic stability; Absence of pancreatitis, severe renal failure; severe hypothyroidism; hyperparathyroidism diseases and pregnancy; Non is history partial or total gastrostomy and Food allergies. Exclusion criteria: Parents patient's or patient's refusal to continue participate in research; Patients who do not tolerate gavage; INR>2; patient died during the study.
 Davy effects of pethidine and ketamine in preventing postoperative shivering after cesarean section in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: In control group, 24 disposable needles for anesthetic drug bupivacaine and 12 mg dose is used unlike the intervention group but no drug (ketamine or pethidine) for prevention of shivering after cesarean section are not receiving. Intervention 1: Pethidine group of 0/5 kg ketamine group and 0/3 kg at equal volume immediately after spinal anesthesia is injected intravenously. Two groups of disposable needles for anesthetic drug bupivacaine 24 and 12 mg dose is used. Intervention 2: In control group, 24 disposable needles for anesthetic drug bupivacaine and 12 mg dose is used unlike the intervention group but no drug (ketamine or pethidine) for prevention of shivering after cesarean section are not receiving. Pethidine group of 0/5 kg ketamine group and 0/3 kg at equal volume immediately after spinal anesthesia is injected intravenously. Two groups of disposable needles for anesthetic drug bupivacaine 24 and 12 mg dose is used. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Other complications of spinal and epidural anaesthesia during labour and delivery Shivering after spinal anesthesia in patients undergoing elective cesarean surgery.. ; Other complications of spinal and epidural anaesthesia during labour and delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Shivering after spinal anesthesia in patients undergoing elective cesarean. Timepoint: Since spinal anesthesia or intravenous pethidine or ketamine. Method of measurement: Presence or absence of chills and grade them 4‐0 is determined based on.Grade zero: no chills. Grade1: mild fasciculation in the face and neck. Grade2: trembling visible muscle groups in more than one category. Grade 3: Zlany activity of the whole body is involved. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse events (nausea, vomiting, nystagmus, hypotension requiring treatment, bradycardia requiring medication. Timepoint: Any complications during the surgery and recovery if the questionnaire is. Method of measurement: Based on history and physical examination and observation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: being candidate for cesarean section; fill in consent forms; physical status class I or II in accordance with anesthesia. Exclusion Criteria: pregnancy associated with diseases such as hypertension, diabetes; heart valve disease; coronary artery disease; pulmonary hypertension;pre Eclampsia and Diabetes mellitus.
 Aggressive Risk-Prevention Therapies for Coronary Atherosclerotic Plaque (ART-CAP);  ART‐CAP (Aggressive Risk‐Prevention Therapies for Coronary Atherosclerotic Plaque ) is a prospective randomized open‐label trial with blinded end‐point. This research project aims to study the role of coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) as a superior guide for the direct assessment and monitoring of the impact of preventive cardiovascular drugs on coronary artery plaque for better clinical decision‐making and improving patient outcomes. Participants aged 18‐80 years, at intermediate or high‐risk (10‐year ASCVD risk of 5‐20% or >20%; calculated based on age, gender, race, history of smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and family history of premature CAD, with/without symptoms suggestive of coronary disease) who has non‐obstructive plaque on CCTA (stenosis of 0‐39% or 40‐69% with FFR‐CT >0.8), will be enrolled. Participants with a history of heart attack, coronary stents or bypass surgery, recent stroke, severe valvular heart disease, pulmonary hypertension, NYHA class 3 or 4 heart failure, recent heart failure hospitalization, active cancer, life expectancy of <1 year, end‐stage kidney or liver disease, pregnancy or uncontrolled psychiatric illness, will be excluded. Participants will be randomly assigned to two groups ‐ Standard of Care (SOC, 100 pts) vs. Aggressive Therapy (AT, 100 pts). Both groups will receive dietary and lifestyle interventions. SOC will be treated with statin and/or aspirin as per the ACC guidelines. AT group will be treated with statin, aspirin, nexlizet, leqvio, vascepa, jardiance, and colchicine. Follow‐up will consist of blood tests and clinic visits at baseline, 9 months, and 18 months. At baseline, participants will undergo Polygenic Risk Score (PRS) and next‐generation sequencing (NGS) for a South Asian gene panel. Biomarker evaluations at baseline, 9 months, and 18 months include lipid profiles, inflammatory markers, cardiac biomarkers, and buffy coat analysis for CHIP, along with standard blood tests including CBC and CMP. Additionally, echocardiographic evaluation will be performed at baseline and 18 months. After 18 months of medical treatment, a repeat CCTA will be performed to evaluate primary endpoints of the percentage change in plaque burden (total, non‐calcified and calcified), plaque characteristics including high‐risk features, ischemia value for the most severe lesion, and pericoronary/epicardial fat attenuation. Patient will be followed for additional 5 years for MACCE (major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events).
 Assessment of an Education and Guidance programme for Eliquis Adherence in Non-Valvular Atrial Fibrillation;  INTERVENTION: First 24 weeks: ‐group 1 will receive standard information (SOC) ‐group 2 will receive additional education programme Second 24 weeks: ‐group 1 will receive standard information (SOC) again ‐50% of group 2 will stop with the additional education programme and will receive standard information (SOC) ‐the other 50% will continue with the additional education programme CONDITION: ; "stroke prevention in Atrial Fibrillation " "stroke prevention in cardiac arrhythmia" 10007521 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary endpoint: ; The percentage of days with a correct execution of the apixaban dosing regimen ; during 24 weeks. This endpoint will be compared between the two study groups: ; SOC information or additional education.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary endpoints: ; ‐Within each study group, percentage of days with a correct execution of the ; apixaban dosing regimen during the 12 to 24 weeks period compared with during ; the first 12 weeks. ; ‐Adherence to apixaban dosing regimen during the 24 to 48 weeks in continued ; additional education group, secondary SOC group and primary SOC group. ; ‐Risk factors indicative of non‐adherence at 24 and 48 weeks ; ‐Serious Adverse Events and other AE's, including major bleeding (ISTH) ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Signed written informed consent ‐Patients (from18 years old) with diagnosed non‐valvular AF and eligible for OAC therapy ‐Presence of at least one of the following risk factors for stroke: prior stroke or TIA, Age >74, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, symptomatic heart failure ‐must be able to self‐administer treatment ‐Either VKA treated or VKA naive. VKA‐treated patients must have received the VKA treatment for more than 3 months. VKA‐naive patients must not have received VKA treatment for more than 30 days within the last 12 months. ‐Patients previously treated with ASA for stroke prevention are allowed ‐Patients with screening Mini‐mental state examination score (MMSE) more than 24 (out of 30). ‐Acceptable method of contraception/negative pregnancy test
 Analyze the effect of the sesamum indicum on disposal of the pregnancy remains;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: We delivered 10 packs 60 grams of sesame to the intervention group and also we trained them How to prepare and use it. For 5 days, twice a day, in the same time misoprostol tablets prescribed by obstetrician. Intervention 2: They prescribed misoprostol tablets routinely to the control group by obstetricians. They prescribed misoprostol tablets routinely to the control group by obstetricians. Treatment ‐ Drugs We delivered 10 packs 60 grams of sesame to the intervention group and also we trained them How to prepare and use it. For 5 days, twice a day, in the same time misoprostol tablets prescribed by obstetrician. CONDITION: Spontaneous abortion : incomplete, without complication The remains of a pregnancy. ; Spontaneous abortion : incomplete, without complication PRIMARY OUTCOME: The full disposal of the products of pregnancy. Timepoint: Two weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Sonography. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Amount and intensity of pain. Timepoint: Daily medication and the end of the second week. Method of measurement: VAS questionnaire. Amount of bleeding. Timepoint: During the intervention. Method of measurement: PBAC questionnaire. Amount of painkiller. Timepoint: Daily medication and the end of the second week. Method of measurement: Researcher questionnaire. The incidence of misoprostol’s effects. Timepoint: Daily medication and the end of the second week. Method of measurement: Researcher questionnaire. The time of bleeding stop. Timepoint: Daily medication and the end of the second week. Method of measurement: PBAC questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteri: 1 ‐ Pregnant women 18_50 years pld admitted to Moheb Yas women hospital of Tehran, less than 20 weeks gestational age and with clinical or ultrasound evidence of incomplete abortion. 2 ‐ Lack of infectious abortion’s signs (a) 38 degrees fever or more (b) INDEX (c) 3 degrees fever per hour or more in the first 24 hours. 3 ‐ Lack of any signs of Induced abortion and manipulation by the patient. 4 ‐ Lack of repeated abortion (RPL) due to anatomical disease of mother (Septate Uterus, Unicorns uterus, short Cervix) and diagnosed chromosomal disorders of parents leading to fetal death or blighted ovum and fetal abnormalities including Malformation and Dysmorphic Show, Monosomy X. 5 ‐The risk of any base disease (Diabetes ‐ blood pressure ‐ kidney failure ‐ heart and liver illness). 6 ‐ Lack of signs of hemorrhagic shock Grade 1(Bleeding more than 750 cc). 7 ‐ Lack of ectopic pregnancy. 8 ‐ Lack of open cervical in exami
 Comparison of the effects of Entonox and Transcutaneous Nerve Stimulation in labor pain;  INTERVENTION: Group 2‐ In this group the patient press a button on the mask to inhale Entonox while uterus contractions begin . She ends the inhalation by ceasing the contractions . Silent TENS is used in this group as a placebo. Group 3‐ In this group the patients use both TENS & Entonox simultaneously GROUP1: This group use the TENS device , which it,s electrodes put on the spine at the level of T10‐L1 & S2‐S4 . The patient turn on the device by beginning the uterus contractions & can change it,s frequencies. She turns off the device by compressing the power key as contractions cease. Oxygen inhalation is used as a placebo in this group. Intervention 1: GROUP1: This group use the TENS device , which it,s electrodes put on the spine at the level of T10‐L1 & S2‐S4 . The patient turn on the device by beginning the uterus contractions & can change it,s frequencies. She turns off the device by compressing the power key as contractions cease. Oxygen inhalation is used as a placebo in this group. Intervention 2: Group 2‐ In this group the patient press a button on the mask to inhale Entonox while uterus contractions begin . She ends the inhalation by ceasing the contractions . Silent TENS is used in this group as a placebo. Intervention 3: Group 3‐ In this group the patients use both TENS & Entonox simultaneously. Prevention CONDITION: 080‐084 labor pain. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain intensity. Timepoint: 4 times: before intervention , at the dilatation of 4‐6 ‐ , 6‐8 and 8‐10 cm. Method of measurement: visual analogue scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Apgar of newborn. Timepoint: Immediately after delivery. Method of measurement: by recording scores. Duration of first phase of delivery. Timepoint: dilatation of 4‐10 cm. Method of measurement: vaginal examination regarding time measuring. Nausea & vomiting. Timepoint: During labor and till 24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Inspection or asking the patient. Use of analgesics. Timepoint: During labor. Method of measurement: Patient notes. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Normal monofetus term pregnancy(37‐42 weeks) , normal vaginal delivery , lack of request for epidoral anesthesia, head down position of fetus , uncomplicated pregnancy , less than 4 cm of cervix dilatation, age of mother between 20‐40 years and satisfying of mother regarding awareness of the methods used in the study . Exclusion criteria: Multifetus pregnancy , history of diabetic mellitus , hypertension, dermal skin infections such as herpes zoster , epilepsy , cardiovascular diseases, pacemaker , coagulation disorders or other diseases of the mother , preterm delivery
 The RECEDE-CHF Trial;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Jardiance Product Name: Jardiance Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Empagliflozin CAS Number: 864070‐440 Current Sponsor code: Empagliflozin 25mg Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Type 2 diabetes and heart failure ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10008908 Term: Chronic heart failure System Organ Class: 100000004849 ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10010684 Term: Congestive heart failure System Organ Class: 100000004849 ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10019279 Term: Heart failure System Organ Class: 100000004849 ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10067585 Term: Type 2 diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 10027433 ‐ Metabolism and nutrition disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective will be to assess whether empagliflozin (SGLT2 Inhibitor) can augment the effects of loop diuretics in diabetic patients with mild congestive heart failure with left ventricular systolic dysfunction (LVSD), as measured by urinary volume. Primary end point(s): The primary outcome measure for the study will be to measure change in urinary volume with empagliflozin (SGLT2 inhibitor) when compared to placebo. Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives are to assess the safety of add‐on SGLT2 inhibitor therapy in addition to loop diuretics by assessment of change to eGFR and serum creatinine. To assess effects of empagliflozin on protein/creatinine ratio, albumin/creatinine ratio, change to serum cystatin C levels and change to urinary sodium excretion when compared to placebo. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The effect of empagliflozin when used in conjunction with intravenous furosemide on urinary volume will be evaluated with a renal physiological tests at day 3 and week 6 of each treatment period (empagliflozin and placebo)i.e. visits 3, 5, 7 and 9 at week 1, 6, 9, and 15 respectively. ; ; There will also be four 24 urinary collections made on the day prior to the renal physiological tests, in which a measurement of urinary volume will be collected. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Safety of empagliflozin in addition to loop diuretic with measurements of serum creatinine and eGFR when compared to placebo, effects of empagliflozin on protein/creatinine ratio, albumin/creatinine ratio, cystatin C, and on urinary sodium excretion when compared to placebo. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: This will be evaluated throughout the trial via blood tests at visits 1, 2 (visits 1 and 2 combined where possible), visit 3, visit 5 and following two week washout period, at visits 6, 7 and 9 for serum cystatin C, eGFR, and serum creatinine. ; ; 'Spot' urine tests will be made on these occasions for albumin/creatinine and protein/creatinine ratio. In addition a 24 urinary collection will be made the day prior to the four renal physiology test days (visits 3, 5, 7, and 9) to further assess change to the urinary sodium excretion. INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Aged 18 to 80 years with previously diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. • Are diagnosed with NYHA Functional class II‐III HF with prior echocardiographic evidence of LVSD. • On stable doses of furosemide, or alternative loop diuretic for at least one month. • Stable Type 2 Diabetes (HbA1c, in the last 3 months, of 6.5% = and =10.0%) • eGFR = 45 ml/min. • Have stable HF symptoms for at least three months prior to consent • On stable HF therapy for at least three months prior to consent • Have not been hospitalised for HF for at least three months prior to consent. • Women of childbearing potential (WoCBP) must agree to take precautions to avoid pregnancy throughout the trial and for 4 weeks after intake of the last dose. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: 0 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 17 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1
 A Randomized controlled trial to compare reduction in occurance of preeclampsia by giving Tab Aspirin before or after 12 weeks of pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Tab Aspirin 150 mg OD: Group A will receive tab aspirin 150 mg OD before 12 weeks of gestation of pregnancy Intervention2: Tab Aspirin 150 mg OD: Group B will receive tab aspirin 150 mg OD after 12 weeks of gestation of pregnancy Intervention3: Tab. Aspirin 150 mg OD: Group A will receive tab aspirin 150 mg OD before 12 weeks of gestation Group B will receive tab aspirin 150 mg OD after 12 weeks of gestation Control Intervention1: fg: ghfxg Control Intervention2: NIL: NIL CONDITION: PRIMARY OUTCOME: To compare the incidence of preeclampsia in women receiving low dose aspirin before or after 12 weeks of gestationTimepoint: after 20 weeks of gestation SECONDARY OUTCOME: to compare occurence of foetal growth restrictionTimepoint: after 28 weeks of gestation to compare the occurrence of gestational hypertensionTimepoint: after 20 weeks of gestation to compare the occurrence of preterm deliveriesTimepoint: before 37 weeks of gestation to evaluate the adverse feto maternal outcome in between two groups due to use of low dose aspirinTimepoint: through out the pregnancy duration and after delivery INCLUSION CRITERIA: women attending antenatal clinic in whom pregnancy has been diagnosed by ultrasonography that is only after appearance of cardiac activity, before 12 weeks of gestational age measured by crown rump length having either one major risk factor or more than one minor risk factor. major risk factors: 1) history of preeclampsia in previous pregnancy 2) chronic hypertension 3) type 1 or 2 diabetes 4) auto immune diseases like SLE antiphospholipid antibody syndrome etc 5) diagnosed renal disease 6) IVF conception 7) multifetal gestation minor risk factors 1) primiparity 2) obesity with BMI more than 30 meter square per kg body weight 3) age above 35 years 4)pregnancy interval of more than 5 years
 Vaginal versus intramuscular progesterone for prevention of preterm labour in women with a twin pregnancy: a randomized controlled trial;  Background: Twins constitute 2‐4% of all births, and the rate of twining has increased by 76% between 1980 and 2009.Twin pregnancies, compared with singletons, are at increased risk for fetal anomalies, preterm births, aberrant fetal growth, cerebral palsy, and perinatal and infant mortality. Maternal complications associated with twin pregnancies include hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal mortality. Aim of the Work: This study aims to assess the efficacy of vaginal progesterone compared to intramuscular therapy in decreasing the rate of preterm birth in women with twin pregnancy. Patients and Methods: Randomized Controlled Trial, women presented to Ain Shams University Maternity Hospital. The study was presented for approval from the ethical committee of the department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, faculty of medicine, Ain Shams University. Informed consent after explaining the study purpose and methods to the subjects. Data presentation will not be by the patient name but by diagnosis. Results: There is no statistically significance between the two groups regarding number of neonatal RDS, NICU admission and neonatal death but lower percentage among vaginal progesterone group. Birth weight was significantly higher among vaginal group. NICU stay was significantly higher among intramuscular group. Conclusion: Compared with intramuscular 17‐OHPC, vaginal progesterone in women with twin pregnancy is associated with lower percentage of preterm labour, less recurrent SPTB, less adverse maternal side effects, fewer NICU admissions, better compliance.
 A randomized double-blind placebo controlled phase 2 clinical trial to assess anti-inflammatory effect of colchicine (DRC3633) in mild to moderately severe COVID-19 patients. - DRC-06C;  INTERVENTION: 1.5 mg of colchicine or placebo on day 1 and once daily oral administration of colchicine (0.5 mg) or placebo from day 2 to 28 CONDITION: Corona VIrus Disease 2019 ; COVID‐19 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Area under the curve (AUC) of amount of change of serum C‐reactive protein from baseline at 1, 2, 4 weeks after initiating investigational drug SECONDARY OUTCOME: Amount of change and area under the curve (AUC) of amount of change of neutrophil counts and lymphocyte counts (and its ratio), interleukin (IL)‐1beta, IL‐6, TNF‐alpha, D‐dimer, ferritin, von Willebrand factor, troponin, NT‐proBNP, LDH from baseline at 1, 2, 4 weeks after initiating investigational drug INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) Patients with a definitive diagnosis of COVID‐19 and written informed consent. (2) Patients with oxygen saturation of more than 94% at room air and having either or both of the following: a. Pneumonia shadow on chest imaging b. Having more than one risk factors of the followings: Diabetes mellitus, Cardiovascular disease (coronary disease, stroke, peripheral arterial disease, heart failure), Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic kidney disease (30 <= eGFR < 60), Obesity (BMI >= 30), Elderly (age >= 65 ) (3) Patients hospitalized within 5 days after the onset of symptoms and with the ability of administrating the investigational drug by the second day of hospitalization (4) Adult patients aged more than 20 at informed consent (5) Patients or partners of patients agreed to prevent pregnancy for 90 days from the day of initiating investigational drug (6) Patients being able to understand and willing to sign an IRB approved written
 Clinical study with randomly into groups divided patients (investigational or ineffective control medication), where neither the doctor nor the patient's know the assignment, to determine the effect of the investigational product (Empagliflozin) on the circulation in the smallest vessels of the body;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Jardiance Product Name: Empagliflozin Product Code: BI 10773 Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Empagliflozin CAS Number: 864070‐44‐0 Other descriptive name: EMPAGLIFLOZIN Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nutritional and Metabolic Diseases [C18] Type 2 diabetes mellitus ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10012613 Term: Diabetes mellitus non‐insulin‐dependent System Organ Class: 100000004861 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The main objective of the trial is to analyse the effect of empagliflozin on the microcirculation as assessed by the pulse wave reflection in the peripheral arterial tree (indicative of microvascular changes) with the parameters central (aortic) systolic pressure and pulse pressure, augmentation pressure, forward and backward wave amplitude. Primary end point(s): Effect of empagliflozin on parameters that are determined by pulse wave reflection in the arterial tree:; ‐ central (aortic) systolic pressure, ; ‐ central (aortic) pulse pressure,; ‐ augmentation pressure, ; ‐ forward wave amplitude and ; ‐ backward wave amplitude. Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives of the trial is to analyse the effects of empagliflozin on; ‐retinal capillary flow at baseline (as key measurement of vascular remodelling in the microcirculation); ‐retinal capillary flow after flicker‐light provoking vasodilation, thus allowing to estimate vasodilatory capacity; ‐inner and outer diameter of small retinal arterioles, thus allowing to estimate pulsed flow in the retinal circulation; ‐Pulse wave velocity; ‐24‐h ambulatory blood pressure (brachial and central) and vascular parameters (e.g. PWV) under ambulatory conditions; ‐endothelial dysfunction as assessed by the non‐invasive EndoPAT 2000 device.; ‐24‐h urine samples (e.g. sodium, potassium, glucose and uric acid excretion); ‐Albuminuria (urinary albumin to creatinine ratio [UACR]), assessed in the 24‐hour urine; ‐cardiovascular and metabolic parameters, i.e. casual blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After first and second phase of cross‐over‐design INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Type 2 diabetes mellitus defined by fasting glucose = 126 mg/dl or HbA1c = 6.5% or on blood glucose lowering medication • Age of 18 ‐ 75 years • Male and Female patients (females of child bearing potential must be using adequate contraceptive precautions) • Females of childbearing potential or within two years of the menopause must have a negative urine pregnancy test at screening visit • Informed consent (§ 40 Abs. 1 Satz 3 Punkt 3 AMG) has to be given in written form. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Effects of empagliflozin on:; To evaluate the effect of empagliflozin on; ‐ retinal capillary flow at baseline (as key measurement of vascular remodelling in the microcirculation); ‐ retinal capillary flow after flicker‐light provoking vasodilation, thus allowing to estimate vasodilatory capacity; ‐ inner and outer diameter of small retinal arterioles, thus allowing to estimate pulsed flow in the retinal circulation; ‐ Pulse wave velocity; ‐ 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure (brachial and central) and vascular parameters (e.g. PWV) under ambulatory conditions; ‐ endothelial dysfunction as assessed by the non‐invasive EndoPAT 2000 device.; ‐ 24‐h urine samples (e.g. sodium, potassium, glucose and uric acid excretion); ‐ Albuminuria (urinary albumin to creatinine ratio [UACR]), assessed in the 24‐hour urine; ‐ cardiovascular and metabolic parameters, i.e. casual blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After first and second phase of cross‐over‐design
 Monocentric prospective randomized controlled open phase IV study to explorate the mechanismen of the synergetic effect of the Crateagus -Extract WS® 1442 in addition to endurance training related to quality of life of patients with limited physical potential caused by cardiovascular disease (Heart Failure Stade NYHA II);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Crataegutt® novo 450 film coated tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Crateagus lavigata‐Extract Current Sponsor code: WS® 1442 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 450‐ CONDITION: heart failure, stage NYHA II ; MedDRA version: 12.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10019279 Term: <Manually entered code. Term in E.1.1> PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: 1)the main objective of the study is to evaluate the physical mechanismn, which will caused by giving Crataegus‐Extract WS® 1442 to patients having heart failure NYHA II, who are graduating a moderate endurance training. Those physical mechanismn will raise in addition to endurance training the quality of life; 2)to identify the parameters, which will captured the physical mechanismn definitely; 3)to verify the efficacy of Crataegus‐Extract Ws 1442 with regard to life quality, physical potential and parameters, which will capture functions of the cardiopulmonary vascular and muscular systems; 4)to evaluate the compatibility Primary end point(s): quality of life, engaged by the Cansas City Cardioyopathy Questionaire (KCCQ); physical potential in daily life, efficiency tests during maximum of impact as well as every day stresses; Efficiency of muscle work; cardiac output during impact; cardiovascular functions during impact; oxygen supply of muscles; unexpexted adverse events; ; Secondary Objective: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1)male and female patients > 45 years 2)written informed consent 3)too little physical movement ( less than twice movements per week) 4)history of cardiac disease, decreasing physical potential (heart failure related to NYHA II). That is heart diesease with less limitation of physical potentail, no disorders calmly, dialy physical strain causes fatique, heart rhythm disturbances, angina pectoris or dyspnea 5)existence of at least two of the following cardiovascular riskfactors a)smoker b)waist circumference (female equal or more than 88 cm, male equal or more than 102 cm or BMI> 30) c)diabetes Mellitus (blood sugar>110mg/dl or manifested diabestes mellitus d)arterial hypertension e)disorder of metabolism 6)willing and able to complete the trial and to take part in all trial prosedures as described in the protocol 7)female patients must ever be at least two years menopausal or have a negative serum or urin pregnancy
 Evaluation of hypolipidemic effect of stem part of Berberis aristata in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients as add on therapy;  Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the oldest common metabolic disorders characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, negative nitrogen balance, and ketonemia. It is a one of the most important pathological conditions associated with dyslipidemia that affects the whole body system. Several types of DM exist and result by a complex interaction of genes and drugs, gestational diabetes, environmental factors such as stress and sedentary lifestyle choices. DM is the leading cause of end‐stage renal disease, coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, nontraumatic lower extremity amputations, and adult blindness. Aims and Objectives: This study was conducted to evaluate the hypolipidemic effect of stem part of Berberis aristata in patients of Type 2 DM with dyslipidemia as add on therapy. Materials and Methods: A prospective randomized open parallel group study was conducted in total 90 patients having high fasting blood sugar (FBS) and dyslipidemia of either sex in the age group of 30‐60 years attending of outpatient/indoor Department of Medicine of Muzaffarnagar Medical College and Hospital, Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, India. A total of 103 each Group 1 (N = 30) was taken as control while Group 2 (N = 30) and Group 3 (N = 30) was taken as study group who had received 1.5 and 3 g of B. aristata, respectively, as add on therapy along with their conventional antidiabetic and antihyperlipidemic (in certain number of patients) treatment. During the study, 13 patients (8 male and 5 female) did not complete the study and reason of premature withdrawal included protocol violation. Results: In our study, there were a statistically a highly significant improvement and stabilization of glycemic control in test Groups 2 and 3 when compared with control group (P < 0.01). In Groups 2 and 3, reduction of FBS level from 1 month onward. The mean high density lipoprotein level improved significantly in the Group 2 (P < 0.01) and highly significantly in Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean total cholesterol level decreased no significantly in the Group 2 (P > 0.05) and highly significant in Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean triglyceride level decreased highly significantly in the Group 2 and Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean low density lipoprotein level decreased highly significant in the Group 2 and Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. Conclusion: It can be concluded that B. aristata as an add on therapy in Type 2 DM patients has a beneficial role with regard to the hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia very safe as no major side effects were observed affecting morbidity and mortality. Hence, B. aristata as an add on therapy could represent a good treatment option before initiating insulin and hypolipidemic therapy in diabetic patient with suboptional glycemic and lipideimic control to avoid unwanted adverse effects and can cut down cost of treatment.
 Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: effects of 2 years of gliclazide treatment--the Diadem Study;  Five thousand five hundred seventy‐two newly diagnosed non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3‐month period with dietary and life‐style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a GP‐directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.6% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 +/‐ 48 v 137 +/‐ 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 +/‐ 68 v 162 +/‐ 52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A1c ([HbA1c] 8.7% +/‐ 2.5% v 7.3% +/‐ 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 +/‐ 44 v 222 +/‐ 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 +/‐ 4.7 v 27.9 +/‐ 4.5 kg/m2), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 +/‐ 0.1 v 0.98 +/‐ 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well‐tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors.
 The effect of erythropoetin on Multiple Sclerosis;  INTERVENTION: In Intervention group, 20000 units IV Erythropoetin and 1000 mg methylprednisoloneIV has been prescribed for five consecutive days. In control group, Normal saline solution (1000 mg, IV) and methylprednisolone 1000 mg IV has been prescribed for five consecutive days. Intervention 1: In Intervention group, 20000 units IV Erythropoetin and 1000 mg methylprednisoloneIV has been prescribed for five consecutive days. Intervention 2: In control group, Normal saline solution (1000 mg, IV) and methylprednisolone 1000 mg IV has been prescribed for five consecutive days. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Multiple sclerosis Multiple sclerosis. ; Multiple sclerosis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Ambulatory Index. Timepoint: Before intervention, one, two three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Examination. EDSS. Timepoint: Before intervention, one, two three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Examination. MRI. Timepoint: Before intervention and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Before intervention, five day and one and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. RBC count. Timepoint: Before intervention, five day and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: definite diagnosis of MS; age between 18 and 45 years old and motor force 3/5 or less at presentation. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy; brestfeeding; history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperlipidmia, heavy cigarette smoking, ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, cerebovasculaar accident; family history of ischemic heart disease and /or cerebrovascular accident before 45 years; presence of thrombocytosis; presence of polycytemia(hematocrite above 50% in males and above 45% in females); presence of CRF(chronic renal failure); history of any vasculitis or collagen vascular disease; use of contraceptive medication; use of iron substitution; past history of thromboembololic events and any kind of malignancy(treated or untreated).
 Oral contraceptives, pregnancy and the risk of cerebral thromboembolism: the influence of diabetes, hypertension, migraine and previous thrombotic disease;  OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of developing cerebral thromboembolism among pregnant women and among fertile women with hypertension, migraine, diabetes, and previous thrombotic disease, and to investigate the interaction of these risk factors with the use of oral contraceptives. DESIGN: A retrospective case‐control study. SETTING: All gynaecological, medical, neurological, and neurosurgical departments in Danish hospitals. SUBJECTS: Seven hundred and ninety‐four women in Denmark aged 15 to 44 who suffered a cerebral thromboembolic attack during the period 1985 to 1989 and 1588 age‐matched, randomly selected controls. RESPONSE: Of the 692 case and 1584 control questionnaires sent out, 590 (85.1%) and 1396 (88.1%), respectively, were returned. Of the 590 cases, nine had had cerebral thrombosis before 1980, 15 refused to participate, 44 had a revised diagnosis (primarily multiple sclerosis) and 25 had an unreliable diagnosis, leaving 497 with a reliable cerebral thromboembolic diagnosis. Among the 1396 controls, 26 either refused to participate, were mentally handicapped, lived abroad or returned an uncompleted questionnaire, leaving 1370 controls included in the study. RESULTS: After multivariate analysis, pregnancy implied an odds ratio (OR) for a cerebral thromboembolic attack of 1.3 (nonsignificant), diabetes an OR of 5.4 (P < 0.001), hypertension an OR of 3.1 (P < 0.001) and migraine an OR of 2.8 (P < 0.01). Women with previous non‐cerebral thrombotic disease had an OR for cerebral thrombo‐embolism of 5.3 (P < 0.001). Women with other predisposing medical diseases had an OR of 8.3 (P < 0.001). These ORs were identical among users and non‐users of combined oral contraceptives. CONCLUSION: In this study pregnancy implied a non‐significant elevated odds ratio of 1.3 for cerebral thromboembolism whereas diabetes, hypertension, migraine and past thromboembolic events increased the risk of cerebral thromboembolism significantly. Women with these increased thrombotic risks should use oestrogen‐containing oral contraceptives only after careful considerations of the risks, if at all.
 Effect of olanzapine in gastric cancer patients receiving chemotherapy;  INTERVENTION: Control group will receive only routine chemotherapy medication. Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive 5‐10 milligram per day olanzapine tablet from one day before chemotherapy to 8 weeks after chemotherapy, besides routine chemotherapy medication. Intervention 2: Control group will receive only routine chemotherapy medication. Intervention group will receive 5‐10 milligram per day olanzapine tablet from one day before chemotherapy to 8 weeks after chemotherapy, besides routine chemotherapy medication. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Malignant neoplasm of stomach Neoplasms. ; Malignant neoplasm of stomach PRIMARY OUTCOME: Quality of life. Timepoint: 4th and 8th week after initiation of chemotherapy. Method of measurement: with standard questionnaire of WHO‐ QOL‐ BREF. Severity of depression and anxiety in the patient. Timepoint: 4th and 8th weeks after chemotherapy. Method of measurement: Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nausea and Vomiting. Timepoint: before treatment to six days after chemotherapy. Method of measurement: Rhodes index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: gastric cancer patients whose disease diagnosed recently and candidate for chemotherapy; patient´s informed consent for participation in the study Exclusion criteria: history of severe psychiatric problems such as severe cognitive disorders, psychotic disorders, antipsychotic medication such as risperidone, clozapine, phenothiazine,… in 30 days before or duration of the protocol; history of severe neurologic diseases such as metastasis to the brain, convulsion, ...; mental retardation; serum creatinine level more than 2 milligram per deciliter; total serum bilirubin level more than 2 milligram per deciliter; hepatic enzymes more than three times higher than upper limit of normal range; neutrophil count less than 1500; pregnancy; uncontrolled cardiac diseases such as cardiac arrhythmias, heart failure, acute myocardial infarction in the last 6 months; uncontrolled diabetes mellitus
 Multi-Center, Randomized, Efficacy Study of COVID-19 mRNA Vaccine in Regions with SARS-CoV-2 Variants of Concern;  INTERVENTION: mRNA 1273 mRNA 1273 deferred vaccine CONDITION: ; COVID 19 COVID 19 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary Objective 1 and 2 To assess vaccine efficacy against virologically‐confirmed symptomatic COVID‐19 and severe COVID‐19 in people at risk for severe COVID‐19.; Primary Objective 3 To assess safety and tolerability of COVID‐19 mRNA vaccine in adults who are at risk of severe COVID‐19 ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary objective ; Durability of vaccine efficacy against COVID‐19 and against severe COVID‐19 through the final study visit in volunteers with no previous COVID‐19 ; Secondary objective ; Vaccine efficacy against COVID‐19 and against severe COVID‐19 by neutralization phenotype and Spike sequence features of acquired SARS‐CoV‐2 viruses in volunteers with no previous COVID‐19 ; Secondary objective ; VE of COVID‐19 mRNA vaccine against SARS‐CoV‐2 infection ; Secondary objective ; VE of COVID‐19 mRNA vaccine against asymptomatic SARS‐CoV‐2 infection ; Secondary objective ; Post vaccination immune response markers as correlates of risk of COVID‐19 and as correlates protection against COVID‐19 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Age = 18 years if volunteer self‐reports pregnant OR HIV‐positive, OR age = 40 years with = 1 co‐morbidity known to be associated with severe COVID‐19, for example: • Hypertension • Type 2 diabetes mellitus • Obesity (body mass index [BMI] of 30 kg/m2 or higher but < 40 kg/m2) • Severe Obesity (BMI = 40 kg/m2) • Heart conditions, such as heart failure, coronary artery disease, or cardiomyopathies • Chronic kidney disease • COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) • Cancer • Non‐HIV immunocompromised state (weakened immune system) or solid organ transplant • Pregnancy • Sickle cell disease • Smoking 2.Willingness to be followed and remain in the catchment area for the planned duration of the study. 3.Ability and willingness to provide informed consent. 4.Willingness to discuss HIV infection risks and willing to receive HIV testing, risk reduction counseling, and appropriate referrals to minimize HIV a
 Effects of Triple Drug Cocktail Therapy on Metabolic, Endocrine Alterations and Perceived Stress in Patients With Poly Cystic Ovary Syndrome;  Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) is an endocrinopathy which affects 5‐10% of reproductive age women (1). The three main features of the syndrome are polycystic ovaries, high levels of androgen in blood and chronic an‐ovulation/oligo‐an ovulation (2). Women with PCOS have a greater risk of developing hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance (3). PCOS may lead to insulin resistance and dyslipidemia (3). Recent long‐term follow up studies of the syndrome have shown that women suffering from the syndrome have hyperlipidemia and enhanced risk of cardiovascular diseases (3). Recent evidence has demonstrated that anti‐inflammatory drug treatments ameliorate insulin resistance. Metformin belongs to a family of drugs called the biguanides, currently used as an antihyperglycemic drug for treatment of type II diabetes mellitus (4). Around 15 years ago it was reported for the first time that use of metformin in PCOS effectively reduced insulin resistance (4). Increasing evidence has shown the importance of metformin not only in hyperinsulinemic patients but also in PCOS resolving several other issues like menstrual cycles, fertility, hormonal imbalance and metabolic syndromes (4). Pioglitazone is a drug from class thiazolidinedione (TZD) with hypoglycemic (anti‐hyperglycemic, anti‐diabetic) action in the management of type 2 diabetes (5). Recent studies have shown that pioglitazone may be considered a new treatment option for patients with PCOS, since it is able to restore normal menstrual cycle and have improved ovulation (6). Recent randomized placebo controlled clinical trials have also shown that it is associated with good serum lipid profile levels (7). Acetyl L‐Carnitine is an isomer synthesized by two amino acids lysine and methionin mainly distributed among skeletal and cardiac muscles in mammals (8, 9). Acetyl L‐Carnitine is involved in fatty acid oxidation by transporting long chain fatty acids into mitochondria for oxidation to produce metabolic energy and have effects on oxidative metabolism of glucose in tissues (9). Acetyl L‐Carnitine is known to regulate energy production (10). Studies have shown that patients treated with acetyl L‐Carnitine have improved ovulation and pregnancy rates and is well tolerated by the patients (8). PCOS patients have shown reduced adiponectin levels associated with insulin resistance states and type 2 diabetes mellitus and treatment with L‐Carnitine has shown reduced blood glucose levels, increased insulin sensitivity and also improved adiponectin levels, which can be attributed to L‐carnitine‐induced increase in beta‐oxidation of fatty acids and basal metabolic rates (11). PCOS is a systemic condition, an endocrinopathy whose etiology is still not understood. Correct treatment regimens of PCOS will not only improve menstrual cycles of the patients but will also improve the metabolic or endocrine parameters (2). PCOS sufferers are also known to have increased perceived stress response which will be considered in the study. Little evidences are available on combination therapy for treatment of PCOS patients. The aim of this study is to come up with a better treatment option to ameliorate the signs and symptoms associated with the disease. Study objectives: To find the effects of triple drug cocktail therapy (metformin, pioglitazone and acetyl L‐Carnitine) on metabolic, endocrine alterations and perceived stress response in patients with PCOS.
 Hybrid Revascularization Versus Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting;  Background Cardiovascular diseases, mainly coronary artery disease (CAD), are the leading causes of death worldwide. CAD is characterized by the narrowing or blockage of blood flow in the coronary arteries often necessitating complex interventions like coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) or percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug‐eluting stents. The preferred revascularization strategy depends on several characteristics, one being the number of diseased vessels. Multivessel coronary artery disease (MVD) is defined as stenosis of at least two major coronary arteries. Over the years, several large trials have concluded that CABG and PCI with newer‐generation drug‐eluting stents are both associated with improved survival rates compared to medical therapy. CABG is still regarded as the gold standard for complex multivessel disease, with the cornerstone being the in‐situ left internal mammary artery (LIMA) anastomosed to the left anterior descending artery (LAD).1 Current guidelines recommend CABG or PCI with equipoise in patients with one‐vessel proximal LAD stenosis, two‐vessel disease with proximal LAD stenosis, left main disease or three‐vessel disease with lower complexity.2 The LIMA graft, with its excellent patency, has been shown to outperform PCI of the LAD and is in part responsible for the apparent success and survival benefit of CABG.3 However, saphenous vein grafts, the most common graft for non‐LAD targets perform rather poorly, with graft failure ranging as high as 43%, 18 months after surgery.4 PCI with DES, especially with intravascular imaging, is documenting meagre failure rates and may consequently offer better results in non‐LAD vessels than CABG with vein grafts does.5 Despite its survival benefits, the CABG comes at the cost of a full sternotomy, necessitating longer rehabilitation. Patients may prefer less invasive treatment options if these are feasible and have consistent long‐term results. The minimally invasive coronary artery bypass (MIDCAB) procedure was developed as a less invasive method for revascularization. MIDCAB allows for the grafting of the anterior vessels through a small left anterior thoracotomy without the use of extracorporeal circulation. Thus, ensuring vital revascularization with a lesser trauma. Complete revascularization has been established as the most important factor for survival. Recent data have showed comparable 10‐year mortality in patients achieving this goal with either PCI or CABG.6 Hybrid coronary revascularization was developed to combine the best parts of the two revascularization techniques, consisting of a minimally invasive grafting of the LIMA to LAD, and PCI of all functionally significant non‐LAD stenoses. Theoretically, patients may obtain the survival benefit from the LIMA‐LAD graft, from a less invasive approach and avoidance of vein graft failures. However, to this date, hybrid coronary revascularization is supported by very limited data. Only three small, randomized feasibility trials have been conducted, which all stated that the procedure is feasible but that larger randomized trials are necessary to determine if it is a suitable alternative to treating multivessel disease.7‐9 Trial objective The trial objective is to assess the beneficial and harmful effects of hybrid coronary revascularization versus coronary artery bypass graft surgery in patients with multivessel coronary artery disease. Trial design The trial investigaors will conduct a multicentre randomized superiority trial comparing hybrid coronary revascularization versus conventional CABG surgery in patients with multi‐vessel coronary artery disease. Patients will be randomized 1:1 to hybrid coronary revascularization or CABG. The randomisation will be stratified according to clinical site and diabetes (yes/no). Selection of participants All patients with multi‐vessel coronary disease referred for a CABG will be discussed during the heart team conference and considered for participation in the trial. Inclusion criteria ‐ Written informed consent ‐ ≥ 18 years of age ‐ Functionally significant MVD, defined as ≥ 70% diameter stenosis by visual estimation or functionally significant stenosis (FFR < 0.80, non‐hyperaemic index (iFR) < 0.89) in at least two of the major epicardial vessels or major side branches ‐ Patient history reviewed by both cardiac surgeon and cardiologist who in agreement find both CABG and hybrid revascularisation indicated and technically feasible with an expectation of complete revascularisation of all functionally significant stenoses in the LAD and at least one other coronary artery ≥ 2.5mm in diameter or left main bifurcation stenosis with functionally significant stenoses in both the LAD and left circumflex artery. Exclusion criteria ‐ Chronic kidney disease with estimated glomerular filtration rate < 20 mL/min/kg ‐ Pregnancy ‐ Contraindications to the use of dual antiplatelet therapy ‐ STEMI within 1 month ‐ Indication for acute revascularization Trial intervention Experimental intervention: Coronary revascularization will be conducted as a staged intervention. First, the MIDCAB will be conducted through a small left anterior thoracotomy, with endoscopic LIMA harvest and off‐pump LIMA to LAD‐grafting. Second, PCI with implantation of contemporary DES of all non‐LAD lesions will be conducted within 4 weeks of the surgical procedure. Patients will receive dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) according to local routine and international guidelines. A "reverse hybrid" with PCI preceding MIDCAB is also an option in patients with sub‐acute coronary syndrome or CTO. Surgery will be conducted 3 months after PCI when it is safe to pause DAPT. PCI of CTO, guided by viability tests, may further be staged at up to 30 days after MIDCAB surgery. Control intervention: Coronary revascularization will be conducted as a conventional CABG, through a sternotomy, on‐ or off‐pump with grafting of all target vessels, according to local best practice. All graft types are permitted and, therefore, surgeons decide their own specific graft strategy. CABG, MIDCAB, and PCI are all standard procedures performed routinely at the hospitals. Therefore, there is no expected increased risk for trial participants no matter which group they are randomized to. The statistical analysis will adhere to the intention‐to‐treat principle, meaning that participants will be analyzed based on their originally assigned groups even if they undergo a crossover to other interventions. Outcome measures Primary outcome • A composite outcome of either all‐cause mortality, a diagnosis of myocardial infarction, a diagnosis of stroke, or any unplanned hospitalization at 12 months postoperatively. Secondary outcomes ‐ Periprocedural complications defined as periprocedural myocardial infarction, stroke, unplanned re‐intervention, BARC 3‐5 bleeding complications10, or surgical wound infection. ‐ Cardiovascular mortality ‐ Hospital free days within 90 days after randomization ‐ Angina frequency using the Seattle Angina Questionnaire11 ‐ Health‐related quality of life using EQ‐5D12 Exploratory outcomes ‐ Serious adverse events (dichotomous). We will use the International Conference on Harmonisation of technical requirements for registration of pharmaceuticals for human use‐Good Clinical Practice (ICH‐GCP) definition of a serious adverse event, which is any untoward medical occurrence that resulted in death, was life‐threatening, required hospitalisation or prolonging of existing hospitalisation and resulted in persistent or significant disability or jeopardised the participant. ‐ Major Adverse Kidney Events to 30 days (MAKE30), defined as either death, new renal replacement therapy, or persistent renal dysfunction (creatinine at discharge or day 30 ≥ 200% of the baseline serum creatinine value) ‐ Post‐pericardiotomy syndrome (diagnosed by two of the following being present: fever without alternative cause, pleuritic chest pain, friction rub on auscultation and evidence of new or worsening pericardial or pleural effusion) ‐ Postoperative pain ‐ Need for reoperation ‐ Prolonged intubation (> 48 hours) ‐ Acute kidney injury within 48 hours, defined by the KDIGO criteria ‐ Biomarkers during hospital stay (e.g. CK‐MB, troponins, creatinine, haemoglobin) ‐ Length of stay ‐ Urgent revascularization or myocardial infarction ‐ Admission for new onset of heart failure ‐ Completeness of index revascularization ‐ Target vessel failure ‐ Target vessel revascularization ‐ Any repeat revascularization ‐ Definite stent thrombosis ‐ Atrial fibrillation (AF) within 3 months of revascularization (AF will be handled according to local practice) ‐ Sternal wound infections ‐ superficial and deep ‐ Sternal wound dehiscence ‐ New York Heart Association (NYHA) class ‐ Healthcare costs ‐ Major arrhythmia within 30 days (supraventricular tachycardia requiring cardioversion, ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation requiring treatment, or bradyarrhythmia requiring temporary or permanent pacemaker) ‐ Graft failure assessed on cardiac computed tomography (CT) at 1 year (if the procedure is conducted) Sample size and power estimation Provided that the incidence of all‐cause mortality, a diagnosis of myocardial infarction, a diagnosis of stroke, or hospitalization in the control group is equal to 55%, an absolute risk reduction of 10% (corresponding to a relative risk reduction of 18.2%), α=0.05, beta=0.10 (giving a power of 90%) we will need 524 participants in the intervention and in the control group. Notably, a 10% absolute risk reduction corresponds to an incidence of either all‐cause mortality, a diagnosis of myocardial infarction, a diagnosis of stroke, or hospitalization equal to 45% in the experimental intervention group.
 Effect of IV Dextrose on postoperative nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy;  INTERVENTION: infusion of 500cc solution containing Ringer Lactate whithin 30 minutes and before induction of anesthesia infusion of 500cc solution containing 5% dextrose in Ringer Lactate whithin 30 minutes before induction of anesthesia Intervention 1: infusion of 500cc solution containing 5% dextrose in Ringer Lactate whithin 30 minutes before induction of anesthesia. Intervention 2: infusion of 500cc solution containing Ringer Lactate whithin 30 minutes and before induction of anesthesia. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: postoperative nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. ; Vomiting following gastrointestinal surgery Vomiting following gastrointestinal surgery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: immediately and at 30, 60, 90, 120 after recovery and at 6, 12, 24 hours after being discharged from the recovery. Method of measurement: yes/no and Record in Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Intensity of nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: immediately and at 30, 60, 90, 120 after recovery and at 6, 12, 24 hours after being discharged from the recovery. Method of measurement: VRS(visual rating scale) and Record in Questionnaire. Use of antiemetics. Timepoint: during 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: mg(miligram) and record in questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria included: (1) the desire to participate in the study, and informed consent(2) planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy surgery (3) age between 18‐65 years. Exclusion criteria included: (1) At any time based on the patient's unwillingness to continue participating in study (2) Systemic hypertension (blood pressure above the 140/90 mm‐Hg in two or more measurements(3) renal failure(4) coagulopathy (5)chronic heart failure, (6)liver failure(7) Diabetes mellitus (fasting morning glucose levels over 100 mg / dl)(8) previous history of severe nausea and vomiting after surgery (9)pregnancy(10) surgery prolonged more than 2 hours.
 The effect of conjugated linoleic acid and omega 3 fatty acids on patients with atheroscherosis;  INTERVENTION: Conjugated linoleic acid intake,3000 mg per day, for 2months , 3 capsule per day, each capsule contain 1000mg cnjugated linoleic acid Intervention 1: Conjugated linoleic acid intake,3000 mg per day, for 2months , 3 capsule per day, each capsule contain 1000mg cnjugated linoleic acid. Intervention 2: Omega 3 fatty acids intake,1920mg per day for 2 months , 3 capsule per day, each capsule contain 640 mg,omega3 fatty acids. Intervention 3: Placebo intake for 2 months , 3 capsule per day. Omega 3 fatty acids intake,1920mg per day for 2 months , 3 capsule per day, each capsule contain 640 mg,omega3 fatty acids Placebo Placebo intake for 2 months , 3 capsule per day Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: ?????? ???? ????????????? Heart disease. ; ?????? ???? ????????????? PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Auto Analysor. SECONDARY OUTCOME: GSH‐X(Glutathione peroxidase). Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. Hs‐CRP(high sensetive c‐reactive protein). Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. Interleukin 6. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: RIA kit. MDA (Malondialdehyde). Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometery. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with Atherosclerosis with Age more than30 years old, 24.5>Body Mass Index>18.5, use of stable dosage medication for hyperlipidemia in study period, patients with history of stable angina, heart attack and bypass surgery. Exclusion criteria: Having Acute heart failure ? Arrhythmia, Acute complications of atherosclerosis, using any supplement such as vitamin C, E, Omega3 during and six months before the study, pregnancy , UVB exposure with therapeutic goals and diabetes mellitus
 Tacrolimus in improving clinical symptoms patients with acute asthma attack;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group will receive 0.5 mg ipratropium nubulized (repeated up to 3 doses in every 20 minutes) , 5 mg Albuterol inhalation and Prednisolon at the beginning (zero time point). Also, 2 mg nebulized Tacrolimus (2 mg Tacrolimus diluted in 2 cc of normal saline). Intervention 2: The control group will receive 0.5 mg nebulized ipratropium (repeated up to 3 doses in every 20 minutes) , 5 mg Albuterol inhalation and Prednisolon at the beginning (zero time point). The control group will receive 0.5 mg nebulized ipratropium (repeated up to 3 doses in every 20 minutes) , 5 mg Albuterol inhalation and Prednisolon at the beginning (zero time point). The intervention group will receive 0.5 mg ipratropium nubulized (repeated up to 3 doses in every 20 minutes) , 5 mg Albuterol inhalation and Prednisolon at the beginning (zero time point). Also, 2 mg nebulized Tacrolimus (2 mg Tacrolimus diluted in 2 cc of normal saline). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Asthma asthma. ; Asthma PRIMARY OUTCOME: FEV1. Timepoint: 0,30,60,120 and 150 minutes after treatment. Method of measurement: spirometry. PEFR. Timepoint: 0,30,60,120 and 150 minutes after treatment. Method of measurement: spirometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: the age between 18 and 65 years; patients with shortness of breath; cases with a history of asthma that correlate with their clinical and paraclinical parameters Exclusion criteria: The patients with tacrolimus allergy; HCO‐60 (polyoxyl 60 hydrogenated castor oil); Hyperpigmentation scars, diabetes mellitus; renal failure; heart failure; electrolyte disorders; uncontrolled blood pressure; neurologic disorders; lymphoma and other malignancies; pregnancy and breast feeding
 Muscle Soreness and Protective Effect of Oestrogen;  INTERVENTION: Doing eccentric exersices for half an hour on treadmill until feeling soreness Doing eccentric exersices for half an hour on treadmill until feeling soreness. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Muscle soreness. ; Pain in limb Pain in limb PRIMARY OUTCOME: Creatine kinase enzyme of serum. Timepoint: Before intervention, 24 and 48 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: Blood sample. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Maximal voluntary isometric strength of quadriceps muscle. Timepoint: before intervention, 24 and 48 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: With Loadcell, in 100 degrees flexion of knee. Perceived pain. Timepoint: Before intervention, 24 and 48 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: A 10‐mm Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Pressure pain threshold. Timepoint: Before intervention, 24 and 48 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: A 20 ml syringe with a spring inside, rounded tip. Thigh circumference. Timepoint: Before intervention, 24 and 48 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: A tape measure, at 5, 10 and 15 cm above patella. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐ aged between 18‐25years, 2‐ giving written consent Exclusion criteria: 1‐ Neuro‐muscular disease, 2‐ Cardiovascular disease, 3‐ Diabetes mellitus, 4‐ Renal failure, 5‐ Acute herniation, 6‐ Discopathy, 7‐ High blood pressure, 8‐ Asthma and respiratory problems, 9‐ Acute infection, 10‐ Recent fracture in skeletal system, 11‐ Pin, plaques and other fixations in lower limbs, 12‐ Total hip arthroplasty, 13‐ Total knee arthroplasty, 14‐ Cardiac pacemaker, 15‐ Pregnancy, 16‐ Previous history of muscular injection a week before intervention, 17‐ Previous history of participation in body building program, 18‐ Previous history of participation in aerobic program, 19‐ unfinished trial sessions, 20‐ any reluctances to continue and willing to quit the study
 Levofloxacin effect on eradication of Helicobacter Pylori infection;  INTERVENTION: Control group will take 20 mg Omeprazole Capsule once daily, 1000 mg capsule of Amoxicillin and Clarithromycin 500 mg capsule two times a day. Then Omeprazole will be continued for another 4 weeks. Intervention 1: Intervention group will take 20 mg of Omeprazole capsule once daily, 1000 mg Amoxicillin capsule two times a day and 500 mg tablet of Levofloxacin once daily. Then Omeprazole will be continued for another 4 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group will take 20 mg Omeprazole Capsule once daily, 1000 mg capsule of Amoxicillin and Clarithromycin 500 mg capsule two times a day. Then Omeprazole will be continued for another 4 weeks. Intervention group will take 20 mg of Omeprazole capsule once daily, 1000 mg Amoxicillin capsule two times a day and 500 mg tablet of Levofloxacin once daily. Then Omeprazole will be continued for another 4 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Helicobacter pylori Helicobacter Pylori infection. ; Helicobacter pylori PRIMARY OUTCOME: Eradication of Helicobacter Pylori infection. Timepoint: Two months after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: Primary evaluation of Helicobacter Pylori infection is based on rapid urease test and then eradication will be assessed by Helicobacter Pylori stool antigen. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria to this study: all patients undergoing upper endoscopic procedure with positive rapid urease test (RUT). Exclusion criteria from this study: pregnancy; Previous consumption proton pump inhibitors (PPI) or Bismuth in the preceding one month; Gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding or any complication of peptic ulcer disease (PUD); consumption of alcohol or substance; advanced chronic disease: Diabetes mellitus, Hypertension, Cirrhosis, Cerebrovascular attack, Renal insufficiency, Coronary artery disease and gastric cancer; lack of willingness to continue the treatment; lack of willingness to complete the period of treatment; suffering from any disease needing to consume another antibiotic or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs).
 The consideration of the effectiveness of licorice root extract adding to triple therapy regime of Helicobacter Pylori;  INTERVENTION: Clarithromycin (500 mg twice a day) + Amoxicillin (1 gr twice a day) + Omeprazole (20 mg twice a day) for 2 weeks. After finishing the main period of treatment they receive maintaining 4 weeks by omeprazole only Intervention 1: Clarithromycin (500 mg twice a day) + Amoxicillin (1 gr twice a day) + Omeprazole (20 mg twice a day) for 2 weeks. After finishing the main period of treatment they receive maintaining 4 weeks by omeprazole only. Intervention 2: Intervention group: licorice root extracts ( D‐Reglis 1 tab twice a day) adding to Clarithromycin (500 mg twice a day) + Amoxicillin (1 gr twice a day) + Omeprazole (20 mg twice a day) for 2 weeks. After finishing the main period of treatment they receive maintaining 4 weeks by omeprazole only. Intervention group: licorice root extracts ( D‐Reglis 1 tab twice a day) adding to Clarithromycin (500 mg twice a day) + Amoxicillin (1 gr twice a day) + Omeprazole (20 mg twice a day) for 2 weeks. After finishing the main period of treatment they receive maintaining 4 weeks by omeprazole only Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Helicobacter pylori Helicobacter pylori infection. ; Helicobacter pylori PRIMARY OUTCOME: Stool antigen of HP. Timepoint: Two weeks after ending period of treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratoriaf. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria to study: if all patients during endoscopic procedure with have positive rapid urease test (RUT), providing that not having the following condition: pregnancy? Previous usage Antiacid or bismuth during recent a month ? Gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding or any complication of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) ? the usage of alcohol or substance ? advanced chronic disease: Diabetes mellitus, Hypertension, Cirrhosis, Cerebrovascular attack, Coronary artery disease & gastric cancer. Exclusion criteria from study: lack of willingness to continue the treatment? lack of willingness to complete the period of treatment ?suffering the illness that needs to consume another antibiotic or non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) .
 Use of Nile Tilapia Fish Skin as a Xenograft for Burn Treatment: phase III Study;  This is a prospective, randomized, monocentric, open‐label, controlled phase III clinical study conducted in Fortaleza, Brazil, from April 2017 to October 2018. The local Institutional Review Board approved the study protocol and informed consent, which was obtained from all participants. The research was conducted in accordance with the 1975 Declaration of Helsinki and its amendments. The study population consisted of 115, both male and female, participants, who were recruited from a local burn treatment center. Inclusion criteria were: age ≥ 18 and ≤60 years; the presence of dermatological wounds caused by superficial partial‐thickness burns (SPTB) affecting up to 15% of Total Body Surface Area (TBSA) and with indication for outpatient treatment; the absence of previous treatment for the current burn and an absence of other significant diseases that could impact the volunteer's participation in the study (coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, cancer, diabetes mellitus, among others). Exclusion criteria included hypersensitivity to materials used in the study or to related compounds; history of severe adverse reactions; drug addiction, including alcohol; use of medications that could have an impact on wound healing (e.g., steroids) and pregnancy, labor or miscarriage in the 12 weeks before the scheduled start of treatment. In the test group, the treatment was Nile Tilapia Fish Skin, which have a patent registered at the National Institute of Industrial Property (INPI) under number BR 10 2015 021435 9. Nile Tilapia Fish Skin was subjected to a rigorous process of chemical sterilization, glycerolization and irradiation, followed by microbiological tests for bacteria and fungi, before storage in sterile refrigerated packaging. Prior to its use in the patient, the skin was washed in sterile 0.9% saline for 5 minutes, with this process being repeated three times in a row. In the control group, conventional treatment with silver sulfadiazine cream 1% was applied. Randomization was performed using a predefined computer‐generated list, with 57 patients being allocated in the test group and 58 patients being allocated in the control group.
 Midodrine and refractory gastroesophageal disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Midodrine, tablet 5 mg, 3 timesper day for one month. Intervention 2: Midodrine, tablet 2.5mg, 3 times per day for one month. Intervention 3: Placebo, tablet, 3 times per day for one month. Midodrine, tablet 2.5mg, 3 times per day for one month Midodrine, tablet 5 mg, 3 timesper day for one month Placebo Placebo, tablet, 3 times per day for one month Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Gastro‐ oesophageal reflux disease gastroesophageal reflux disease. ; Gastro‐ oesophageal reflux disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Quality of life. Timepoint: Every 2 weeks. Method of measurement: GERD quality of life standardized qustionnaire. Symptom severity. Timepoint: Weekly. Method of measurement: Visual scale 0‐10. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Esophageal residual acid reflux. Timepoint: Monthly. Method of measurement: pH meter. Lower esophageal sphincter pessure. Timepoint: One month. Method of measurement: Mannometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age more than 18 and below 65; presence of at least one symptom compatible compatible with GERD including epigastric or retrosternal burning sensation, regurgitation, or acid taste in the mouth; lack of response to the proper consumption of pantoprazole 40 mg twice daily for a minimum of one month. Exclusion criteria: dominant symptom of dysphagia; history of surgery of the upper GI system; concomitant GI diseases such as NET, malignancy, peptic ulcer disease; presence of other diseases like hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, history of urinary retention, hypersensitivity to midodrine, leg cramp or vascular insufficiency in the abdomen or legs, acute or chronic renal dysfunction with GFR < 50%, thyroid disease, diabetes mellitus, pheochromocytoma, liver cirrhosis, asthma or COPD; use of medications affecting lower esophageal sphincter such as theophylline, beta blockers, NSAIDs, steroids, bronchodilators; antihistamine taking; pregnancy
 Comparative effect of saffron extract with Ibuprofen in dental pain management;  INTERVENTION: 400 mg ibuprofen in each pink opaque capsule in 0, 6, 12, 24, 48 h after treatment Intervention 1: saffron stigma extract with dose of 10 mg in each pink opaque capsule in 0, 6, 12, 24, 48 h after treatment. Intervention 2: 400 mg ibuprofen in each pink opaque capsule in 0, 6, 12, 24, 48 h after treatment. Intervention 3: saffron petal extract with dose of 10 mg in each pink opaque capsule in 0, 6, 12, 24, 48 h after treatment. saffron petal extract with dose of 10 mg in each pink opaque capsule in 0, 6, 12, 24, 48 h after treatment saffron stigma extract with dose of 10 mg in each pink opaque capsule in 0, 6, 12, 24, 48 h after treatment Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diseases of pulp and periapical tissues Post‐treatment pain after root canal therapy. ; Diseases of pulp and periapical tissues PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain intensity. Timepoint: 0 ‐ 6 ‐ 12 ‐ 24 and 48 hours after root canal treatment. Method of measurement: Visual Analog Scale (VAS). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lack of pain intensity. Timepoint: 0‐6‐12‐24‐48. Method of measurement: Visual Analog Scale(VAS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐vital teeth with one root canal; 2‐ moderate to severe pain; 3‐patients over 18 years old; 4‐ patients with at least high school education. Exclusion criteria: 1‐ teeth with periapical lesions based on radiographic; 2‐ patients with history of allergy to saffron; 3‐ patients with history of allergy to NSAID; 4‐ diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disorders, kidney and liver diseases, blood and hormonal disorders and electrolyte imbalance; 5‐ use of analgesics or opioids during 4 hours before treatment; 6‐ women in pregnancy or breast feeding period.
 vitamin D supplementation in metabolic syndrome;  INTERVENTION: ?C??ontrol group: placebo Intervention 1: Intervention: 50000 IU vitamin D3 every week for 4 months. Intervention 2: ?C??ontrol group: placebo. Intervention: 50000 IU vitamin D3 every week for 4 months Placebo Prevention CONDITION: ?E88.9 metabolic disorders not specified metabolic syndrome. ; metabolic disorders not specified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Carotid intima media thickness. Timepoint: baseline and 4 months after intervention. Method of measurement: ultrasonography. Serum 25‐hydroxyvitamin vitamin D. Timepoint: befor and after intervention. Method of measurement: chemiluminescence immunoassay. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometry markers. Timepoint: baseline , 2 and 4 months after intervation. Method of measurement: tape, scale, impedance analysis. Blood pressure. Timepoint: baseline, 2 and 4 months after intervation. Method of measurement: digital sphygmomanometer. Glycemic factors. Timepoint: baseline and 4 months after intervation. Method of measurement: enzymatic. Lipid profiles. Timepoint: baseline and 4 months after intervation. Method of measurement: enzymatic colorimetric. Serum inflammatory markers. Timepoint: baseline and 4 months after intervation. Method of measurement: ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willingness to participate; age 30–50 years; affected by metabolic syndrome with three out of five criteria: waist circumference>91 cm in women and >89 cm for men; serum triglyceride=150 mg/dL; fasting serum glucose=100mg/dL; serum HDL‐C<40 mg/dL in men and <50 mg/dl in women; systolic blood pressure=130mmhg and/or diastolic blood pressure= 85mmhg. Exclusion criteria: being menopause; taking vitamin D, calcium, fish oil or other antioxidant supplements for at least 3 months preceding the study; taking anti lipid or anti‐hypertensive drugs; smoking; current clinical disease like diabetes mellitus; cardiovascular disease; cancers; liver or kidney disease; any symptoms of inflammation or having surgery; parathyroid abnormalities; using corticosteroids, calcitonin, bisphosphonates for at least 3 months preceding the study; spiro or crohn disease; current diet therapy; pregnancy or lactation.
 Impact of nutrition education on overweight adolescent girls (10-19years) in the selected schools of Dhaka city;  Background and objectives: Overweight among adolescents (10‐19 years) is an emerging public health concern alongside under‐nutrition in developing countries, like Bangladesh. Overweight adolescents are more likely to become obese in adulthood as well as the consequences associated risk for cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus type II, osteoarthritis, some types of cancer (colon, breast, kidney) and complication during pregnancy. So it is essential to develop public policies aimed at preventing overweight and reducing overweight rates in the pediatric population. The aim of the study was to see the impact of nutrition education on reducing body weight of the adolescents. Methods: An experimental randomized study containing an intervention (n= 35) and a control group (n=35) was conducted for 4 months among 70 adolescent girls aged 10‐19 years in two schools of Dhaka city. At first, screening was carried out through anthropometry (height, weight) to identify 'overweight' following standards of BMI cutoff and enrolled as subjects in both groups. The intervention group received nutrition education of 40‐45 minutes long sessions fortnightly for 2 months following a leaflet containing information on healthy life style including food based dietary guidelines, foods to avoid, healthy food choice, demonstration of physical activity, personal hygiene, ideal growth chart, risks and consequence of overweight. The control group was only observed. Data on anthropometry, knowledge, physical activities and food frequency were collected at baseline and end line in both groups. Results: The mean body weight significantly reduced by 910 g in the intervention group while an increase of 160 g was found in the control group (p< 0.05). The percentage of subjects doing physical activities increased almost by 3 fold at the end of intervention compared to baseline. Conclusions: Nutrition education on healthy food habit and life style has a positive impact on overweight prevention among the adolescent girls.
 A multicenter Study Evaluating the Efficacy of Nifedipine GITS ? Telmisartan Combination in Blood Pressure Control and Beyond: comparison of two strategies. - TALENT;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: ADALAT CRONO Pharmaceutical Form: Gastro‐resistant tablet INN or Proposed INN: nifedipine GITS CAS Number: 21829‐25‐4 Current Sponsor code: BAY a 1040 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Trade Name: PRITOR Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: telmisartan Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 40‐ CONDITION: Hypertension ; MedDRA version: 6.1 Level: PT Classification code 10020772 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Evaluate the efficacy in blood pressure control when anti‐hypertensive therapy is initiated with a combination of low dose Nifedipine GITS and Telmisartan compared to a regimen starting with monotherapy before adding the other drug. Primary end point(s): La valutazione dell?end‐point sara' effettuata in cieco. Secondary Objective: The effect of treatment on the metabolic and inflammation markers as indicators of cardiovascular risk will also be assessed. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Hypertension (office systolic blood pressure > 135 mmHg), untreated or poorly controlled but stable antihypertensive regimen for >= 4 weeks ‐ Presence of type 2 diabetes mellitus or target organ damage (echocardiographic or electrocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy or microalbuminuria ) ‐ Presence of a metabolic syndrome, i.e at least two of the following: (a) impaired glucose tolerance (fasting plasma glucose 110 ? 125 mg/dl) (b) raised serum triglycerides (>= 150 mg/dl) (c) low HDL cholesterol (males: < 40 mg/dl, females: < 50 mg/dl) (d) waist circumference >102 cm in men and >88 cm in women ‐ Age: 18‐75 years ‐ Negative pregnancy test in females ‐ Written informed consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Selenium Treatment and Chagasic Cardiopathy (STCC): study protocol for a double-blind randomized controlled trial;  Background: Heart disease progression occurs in 30% of patients with chronic Trypanosoma cruzi infection. Supplementation with selenium (Se) in animal model of T. cruzi infection produced promising results. There is evidence that patients with Chagas heart disease have lower Se levels than healthy individuals and patients with T. cruzi infection without of cardiac disease. The aim of this investigation is to estimate the effect of Se treatment on prevention of heart disease progression in patients with chagasic cardiopathy.Methods: The Selenium Treatment and Chagasic Cardiopathy trial is a superiority, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trial. The eligibility criteria are as follows: (1) a Chagas disease diagnosis confirmed by serology; (2) segmental, mild or moderate global left ventricular systolic dysfunction; and (3) age between 18 and 65 years. The exclusion criteria are as follows: (1) pregnancy, (2) diabetes mellitus, (3) tobacco use, (4) alcohol abuse, (5) evidence of nonchagasic heart disease, (6) depression, (7) dysphagia with evidence of food residues in the esophagus, (8) dysphagia with weight loss higher than 15% of usual weight in the last four months and/or (9) conditions that may result in low protocol adherence. The intervention will be 100 μg of sodium selenite once daily for 365 consecutive days compared to placebo. The following are the primary outcomes to be measured: (1) the trajectories of the left ventricular ejection fraction in the follow‐up period; (2) reduction of heart disease progression rates, with progression defined as a 10% decrease in left ventricular ejection fraction; and (3) rate of hospital admissions attributable to dysrhythmia, heart failure or stroke due to Chagas disease. One hundred thirty patients will be randomly allocated into either the intervention or placebo group at a ratio of 1:1. The sequence allocation concealment and blinding were planned to be conducted with the strategy of numbered boxes. Both patients and health‐care providers will remain blinded to the intervention groups during the 5 years of follow‐up.Discussion: If Se treatment reduces the progression of Chagas cardiopathy, the inclusion of this micronutrient in the daily diet can improve the therapeutic regimen for this neglected tropical disease at low cost.Trial registration: Clinical Trials.gov ID: NCT00875173 (registered 20 October 20 2008).
 Role of Stem Cells in Improving Implantation Rates in ICSI Patients;  Background: Improving implantation rates in ICSI cycles has been the focus of research in recent decades. Because success rates is not satisfactory enough especially when transferring good embryos to the uterine cavity and pregnancy does not occur. Trying to improve endometrial receptivity, the investigators have thought about stem cell therapy as stem cells have played a pivotal role in regenerative medicine in many pathologies as myocardial infarction, Diabetes Mellitus and spinal cord injuries. Garget and Healy reported in 2011 treatment of a case with Asherman's syndrome by administration of bone marrow stem cells in the uterine cavity. Endometrial growth and improved vascularity has been observed by ultrasound follow‐up and Doppler study of endometrial blood flow. Endometrial regeneration has been enough to support pregnancy through successful IVF trial. The investigators have succeeded in previous work to isolate MSC from placental tissue and differentiate it to endometrium‐like cells. The investigators compared the differentiation ability of placental derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) and Wharton Jelly derived MSC to differentiate to endometrium under 3 different culture conditions: endometrium conditioned medium (ECM), follicular fluid (FF) conditioned medium and medium containing both. The investigators found that placental MSC has better differentiating ability to endometrium especially under culture conditions containing both ECM and FF as evidenced by prominent appearance of glandular pattern and expression of progesterone receptors in differentiated cells. Therefore the investigators need to direct this study and test the effect of placental derived MSC in improving implantation rates in patients with recurrent implantation failure, unresponsive endometrium to ovulation induction drugs or with endometrial atrophy or advanced maternal age planning for ICSI trial. Patients and Methods: 60 patients attending Kasr El‐Aini assisted reproduction unit and private IVF center will be randomized to three groups by computer generated programs: The first group, patients randomized to receive differentiated stem cell therapy: After ovum pick‐up, MSC differentiated to endometrium is deposited in the uterine cavity through an IUI catheter. Embryo transfer will be done at day 5 at the blastocyst stage to allow enough time for endometrial regeneration and increased endometrial receptivity. The second group, patients randomized to receive undifferentiated stem cell therapy: Immediately postmenstrual undifferentiated MSC is deposited in the uterine cavity through an IUI catheter to allow enough time for the MSC to differentiate as it needs 7‐10 days for differentiation. Ovum pick‐up will be done as usual while all other steps will be the same including embryo transfer which will be done at day 5. The third group, control group: Patients are randomized to receive no stem cell therapy; All ICSI steps from ovulation induction protocol to embryo transfer conditions will be the same for all groups. Informed consent will be taken from the patients after detailed explanation of all steps of the procedure.
 Effect of prophylactic fibrinogen on post operative bleeding in coronary artery bypass graft surgery;  INTERVENTION: control group: the patients were administered 1 gr of placebo dissolved in 50 millimeters of normal saline over a 15 minute period after induction of anesthesia before the start of surgery. Intervention 1: control group: the patients were administered 1 gr of placebo dissolved in 50 millimeters of normal saline over a 15 minute period after induction of anesthesia before the start of surgery. Intervention 2: Interventional group: In the fibrinogen group the patients were administered 1 gr of fibrinogen dissolved in 50 millimeters of normal saline over a 15 minute period after induction of anesthesia before the start of surgery. Interventional group: In the fibrinogen group the patients were administered 1 gr of fibrinogen dissolved in 50 millimeters of normal saline over a 15 minute period after induction of anesthesia before the start of surgery Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hemorrhage, not elsewhere classified Hemorrhage. ; Hemorrhage, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Volume of postoperative hemorrhage. Timepoint: 0,12,24h after surgery. Method of measurement: overall chest tube drainage during the first 24 hour postoperative hours and was recorded by a pre‐trained intensive care unit nurse. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Transfusion of blood products. Timepoint: first 24 hours post surgery. Method of measurement: The amount of transfused red pack cells, fresh frozen plasma, and platelets during the first 24 hour post‐surgery. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: All candidates for first time elective coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Exclusion criteria: 1‐Previously diagnosed hematologic or liver disease, 2‐uncontrolled or insulin dependent diabetic mellitus, 3‐pregnancy, 4‐unstable angina, 5‐serum creatinine > 130 µmol/L, 6‐left ventricular ejection fraction of less than 35% prior to surgery, 7‐serum fibrinogen levels of more than 3/5 g/L.
 Dietary omega-3 fatty acids prevent the association between impaired fetal growth and arterial wall thickening in children: a randomized controlled trial;  Introduction: Impaired fetal growth is an independent cardiovascular risk factor, and is associated with early arterial wall thickening in young children. No preventive strategy has been identified. Hypothesis: That dietary omega‐3 fatty acid supplementation during early childhood will prevent the association between impaired fetal growth and carotid arterial wall thickening in childhood. Methods: The CAPS study was a trial in 616 newborns randomized to one of two daily 500mg oil supplements, from the start of bottle feeding or 6‐months of age until 5‐years of age. The omega‐3 group received a fish oil supplement and canola‐based margarines / cooking oils; the control group received sunflower oil supplement and omega‐6 fatty acid rich margarines / cooking oils. Children born at term were recruited antenatally from hospitals in Sydney, Australia, between September 1997 and December 1999. 363 non‐diabetic children with birth weight <90th centile participated in the CardioCAPS substudy at age 8 years (control group: n=176; omega‐3 group: n=187). Primary comparison was an analysis of heterogeneity between groups for the association of fetal growth (birth weight adjusted for gender and gestational age) with ultrasound measured carotid artery intima‐media thickness (IMT), at age 8 years. Results: In the control group, fetal growth was inversely associated with carotid IMT (β‐coefficient = ‐0.027 mm [SE 0.013] per kg birth weight, P=0.04), but this association was prevented in the omega‐3 group (β‐coefficient = 0.014 mm [SE 0.012] per kg birth weight, P=0.24). This association differed significantly between the two groups (figure). Conclusion: The inverse association of fetal growth with early arterial wall thickness may be prevented by dietary omega‐3 fatty acid supplementation over the first 5 years of life. Figure. Dietary omega‐3 fatty acids mitigate the inverse association of fetal growth with carotid IMT in childhood.
 FIFTY-YEAR FOLLOW-UP of the AUCKLAND STEROID TRIAL: PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS of the LONG-TERM IMPACTS of ANTENATAL CORTICOSTEROIDS;  Background: Antenatal corticosteroids have proven benefit for preventing neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long‐term health. The Auckland Steroid Trial was the first randomised trial of antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth. At 30‐year follow‐up, there was little difference in offspring health outcomes between the treatment and placebo groups. Methods: The Auckland Steroid Trial randomised 1142 women (1218 babies) between 1969 and 1974 to receive either antenatal betamethasone or placebo. Follow‐up at 50 years included a health questionnaire and consent for access to administrative data. The primary outcome was the presence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus or prediabetes). This preliminary analysis includes only questionnaire data, using log binomial regression, adjusted for gestational age at randomisation and sex. Results: Of 424 participants who consented (46% of those presumed to be alive) 415 completed the health questionnaire at an average age of 49.3 years (Standard Deviation 1.0). The composite, primary outcome of cardiovascular risk factors occurred in 49.3% of the betamethasone group (110/223) and 50.0% of the placebo group (96/192); adjusted relative risk 0.96 (95% Confidence Interval (CI) 0.78‐1.18, P = 0.68). All components of the composite outcome were similar between groups. Asthma prevalence was also similar between groups (70/220, 31.8% vs. 53/191, 27.8%; adjusted relative risk 1.16, 95% CI 0.84‐1.60, P = 0.34). Conclusions: Antenatal corticosteroids, administered to women at risk of preterm birth, did not alter self‐reported cardiovascular risk factors or asthma prevalence in their children at 50 years.
 Coffee consumption and plasma biomarkers of metabolic and inflammatory pathways in US health professionals;  Background Coffee consumption has been linked to lower risk of various health outcomes. However, the biological pathways mediating the associations remain poorly understood. Objectives The aim of this study was to assess the association between coffee consumption and concentrations of plasma biomarkers in key metabolic and inflammatory pathways underlying common chronic diseases. Methods We investigated the associations of total, caffeinated, and decaffeinated coffee consumption with 14 plasma biomarkers, including C‐peptide, insulin‐like growth factor 1 (IGF‐1), IGF binding protein (IGFBP) 1, IGFBP‐3, estrone, total and free estradiol, total and free testosterone, sex hormone‐binding globulin (SHBG), total adiponectin, high‐molecular‐weight (HMW) adiponectin, leptin, C‐reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL‐6), and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (sTNFR‐2). Data were derived from 2 cohorts of 15,551 women (Nurses' Health Study) and 7397 men (Health Professionals Follow‐Up Study), who provided detailed dietary data before blood draw and were free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or cancer at the time of blood draw. Multivariable linear regression was used to calculate the percentage difference of biomarker concentrations comparing coffee drinkers with nondrinkers, after adjusting for a variety of demographic, clinical, and lifestyle factors. Results Compared with nondrinkers, participants who drank ≥4 cups of total coffee/d had lower concentrations of C‐peptide (‐8.7%), IGFBP‐3 (‐2.2%), estrone (‐6.4%), total estradiol (‐5.7%), free estradiol (‐8.1%), leptin (‐6.4%), CRP (‐16.6%), IL‐6 (‐8.1%), and sTNFR‐2 (‐5.8%) and higher concentrations of SHBG (5.0%), total testosterone (7.3% in women and 5.3% in men), total adiponectin (9.3%), and HMW adiponectin (17.2%). The results were largely similar for caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee. Conclusion Our data indicate that coffee consumption is associated with favorable profiles of numerous biomarkers in key metabolic and inflammatory pathways. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03419455.
 Comparision of the effect of dexamethasone and tranexamic acid on postrhinoplasty periorbital edema and ecchymosis;  INTERVENTION: Group 1(Dexamethasone intervention): IV injection a dose of 8mg,one hour before surgery and then 3 doses per 8 hours after surgery Group 2(tranexamic acid):IV injection a dose of 10 mg/kg,one hour before and 3 doses every 8 hours after surgery. Group 3(Dexamethasone and tranexamic acid intervention):IV injection a dose of 8 mg dexamethasone and a dose of 15 mg/kg tranexamic acid,one hour before surgery and then 3 doses of both drugs per 8 hours after surgery Intervention 1: Group 1(Dexamethasone intervention): IV injection a dose of 8mg,one hour before surgery and then 3 doses per 8 hours after surgery. Intervention 2: Group 2(tranexamic acid):IV injection a dose of 10 mg/kg,one hour before and 3 doses every 8 hours after surgery. Intervention 3: Group 3(Dexamethasone and tranexamic acid intervention):IV injection a dose of 8 mg dexamethasone and a dose of 15 mg/kg tranexamic acid,one hour before surgery and then 3 doses of both drugs per 8 hours after surgery. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Other medical procedures as the cause of abnormal reaction of the patient,or of later complication,without mention of misadventure at the time of the procedure Postrhinoplasty periorbital edema and ecchymosis. ; Other medical procedures as the cause of abnormal reaction of the patient,or of later complication,without mention of misadventure at the time of the procedure PRIMARY OUTCOME: Periorbital ecchymosis. Timepoint: 1,3,7 days after rhinoplasty. Method of measurement: GURLEK standard scales. Periorbital edema. Timepoint: 1,3,7 days after rhinoplasty. Method of measurement: GURLEK standard scales. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:candidates aged 18‐39 for rhinoplasty ;similar nasal deformity ;need for hump removal and lateral and medial osteotomy ;ASA=1 Exclusion criteria:history of peptic ulcer;diabetes mellitus;cardiovascular disease;thromboembolism;pregnancy;renal failure;seizure;anticoagulants;herpes simplex;tuberculosis;glaucoma;active infection;psychiatric problems;coagulation disorders;sensitivity to corticostroids and tranexamic acid ;need for septoplasty
 Racial and ethnic differences in the polycystic ovary syndrome metabolic phenotype;  BACKGROUND: Women with polycystic ovarian syndrome have a high prevalence of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Blacks and Hispanics have a high morbidity and mortality due to cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in the general population. Since metabolic syndrome is a risk factor for development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, understanding any racial and ethnic differences in metabolic syndrome among women with polycystic ovarian syndrome is important for prevention strategies. However, data regarding racial/ethnic differences in metabolic phenotype among women with polycystic ovary syndrome are inconsistent. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine if there are racial/ethnic differences in insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, and hyperandrogenemia in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted secondary data analysis of a prospective multicenter, double‐blind controlled clinical trial, the Pregnancy in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome II study, conducted in 11 academic health centers. Data on 702 women with polycystic ovarian syndrome aged 18‐40 years who met modified Rotterdam criteria for the syndrome and wished to conceive were included in the study. Women were grouped into racial/ethnic categories: non‐Hispanic whites, non‐Hispanic blacks, and Hispanic. The main outcomes were the prevalence of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, and hyperandrogenemia in the different racial/ethnic groups. RESULTS: Body mass index (35.1 ± 9.8 vs 35.7 ± 7.9 vs 36.4 ± 7.9 kg/m2) and waist circumference (106.5 ± 21.6 vs 104.9 ± 16.4 vs 108.7 ± 7.3 cm) did not differ significantly between non‐Hispanic white, non‐Hispanic black, and Hispanic women. Hispanic women with polycystic ovarian syndrome had a significantly higher prevalence of hirsutism (93.8% vs 86.8%), abnormal free androgen index (75.8% vs 56.5%), abnormal homeostasis model assessment (52.3% vs 38.4%), and hyperglycemia (14.8% vs 6.5%), as well as lower sex hormone binding globulin compared to non‐Hispanic whites. Non‐Hispanic black women had a significantly lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome (24.5% vs 42.2%) compared with Hispanic women, and lower serum triglyceride levels compared to both Hispanics and non‐Hispanic whites (85.7 ± 37.3 vs 130.2 ± 57.0 vs 120.1 ± 60.5 mg/dL, P < .01), with a markedly lower prevalence of hypertriglyceridemia (5.1% vs 28.3% vs 30.5%, P < .01) compared to the other 2 groups. CONCLUSION: Hispanic women with polycystic ovarian syndrome have the most severe phenotype, both in terms of hyperandrogenism and metabolic criteria. Non‐Hispanic black women have an overall milder polycystic ovarian syndrome phenotype than Hispanics and in some respects, than non‐Hispanic white women.
 Thyroid Function in Preterm/Low Birth Weight Infants: impact on Diagnosis and Management of Thyroid Dysfunction;  Maternal thyroid hormone crosses the placenta to the fetus beginning in the first trimester, likely playing an important role in fetal development. The fetal thyroid gland begins to produce thyroid hormone in the second trimester, with fetal serum T4 levels gradually rising to term. Full maturation of the hypothalamic‐pituitary‐thyroid (HPT) axis does not occur until term gestation or the early neonatal period. Postnatal thyroid function in preterm babies is qualitatively similar to term infants, but the TSH surge is reduced, with a corresponding decrease in the rise in T4 and T3 levels. Serum T4 levels are reduced in proportion to the degree of prematurity, representing both loss of the maternal contribution and immaturity of the HPT axis. Other factors, such as neonatal drugs, e.g., dopamine, and non‐thyroidal illness syndrome (NTIS) related to co‐morbidities contribute to the “hypothyroxinemia of prematurity”. Iodine, both deficiency and excess, may impact thyroid function in infants born preterm. Overall, the incidence of permanent congenital hypothyroidism in preterm infants appears to be similar to term infants. However, in newborn screening (NBS) that employ a total T4‐reflex TSH test approach, a higher proportion of preterm babies will have a T4 below the cutoff, associated with a non‐elevated TSH level. In NBS programs with a primary TSH test combined with serial testing, there is a relatively high incidence of “delayed TSH elevation” in preterm neonates. On follow‐up, the majority of these cases have transient hypothyroidism. Preterm/LBW infants have many clinical manifestations that might be ascribed to hypothyroidism. The question then arises whether the hypothyroxinemia of prematurity, with thyroid function tests compatible with either non‐thyroidal illness syndrome or central hypothyroidism, is a physiologic or pathologic process. In particular, does hypothyroxinemia contribute to the neurodevelopmental impairment common to preterm infants? Results from multiple studies are mixed, with some randomized controlled trials in the most preterm infants born <28 weeks gestation appearing to show benefit. This review will summarize fetal and neonatal thyroid physiology, thyroid disorders specific to preterm/LBW infants and their impact on NBS for congenital hypothyroidism, examine treatment studies, and finish with comments on unresolved questions and areas of controversy.
 Selenium Treatment and Chagasic Cardiopathy (STCC): study protocol for a double-blind randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Heart disease progression occurs in 30% of patients with chronic Trypanosoma cruzi infection. Supplementation with selenium (Se) in animal model of T. cruzi infection produced promising results. There is evidence that patients with Chagas heart disease have lower Se levels than healthy individuals and patients with T. cruzi infection without of cardiac disease. The aim of this investigation is to estimate the effect of Se treatment on prevention of heart disease progression in patients with chagasic cardiopathy. METHODS: The Selenium Treatment and Chagasic Cardiopathy trial is a superiority, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized clinical trial. The eligibility criteria are as follows: (1) a Chagas disease diagnosis confirmed by serology; (2) segmental, mild or moderate global left ventricular systolic dysfunction; and (3) age between 18 and 65 years. The exclusion criteria are as follows: (1) pregnancy, (2) diabetes mellitus, (3) tobacco use, (4) alcohol abuse, (5) evidence of nonchagasic heart disease, (6) depression, (7) dysphagia with evidence of food residues in the esophagus, (8) dysphagia with weight loss higher than 15% of usual weight in the last four months and/or (9) conditions that may result in low protocol adherence. The intervention will be 100 μg of sodium selenite once daily for 365 consecutive days compared to placebo. The following are the primary outcomes to be measured: (1) the trajectories of the left ventricular ejection fraction in the follow‐up period; (2) reduction of heart disease progression rates, with progression defined as a 10% decrease in left ventricular ejection fraction; and (3) rate of hospital admissions attributable to dysrhythmia, heart failure or stroke due to Chagas disease. One hundred thirty patients will be randomly allocated into either the intervention or placebo group at a ratio of 1:1. The sequence allocation concealment and blinding were planned to be conducted with the strategy of numbered boxes. Both patients and health‐care providers will remain blinded to the intervention groups during the 5 years of follow‐up. DISCUSSION: If Se treatment reduces the progression of Chagas cardiopathy, the inclusion of this micronutrient in the daily diet can improve the therapeutic regimen for this neglected tropical disease at low cost. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials.gov ID: NCT00875173 (registered 20 October 20 2008).
 Effects of synbiotic bread containing lactic acid on type2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: betaglucan based bread containing synbiotic +acid lactic betaglucan based bread containing lactic asid lactic acid :4.4gram per kilogram of bread betaglucan bread containing synbiotic (fructo oligosacaride and bacillus coagulance) bciluse coagullance :18cfu/gram fructo oligo saccaride:10gram/day betea glucan bread (control group) 3g/day Intervention 1: betea glucan bread (control group) 3g/day. Intervention 2: betaglucan bread containing synbiotic (fructo oligosacaride and bacillus coagulance) bciluse coagullance :18cfu/gram fructo oligo saccaride:10gram/day. Intervention 3: betaglucan based bread containing synbiotic +acid lactic. Intervention 4: betaglucan based bread containing lactic asid lactic acid :4.4gram per kilogram of bread. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Assessment of health problem status. ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: A1c glycosilated hemoglubin. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: brinnate affinity. ALP. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometri. ALT. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometri. ApoA1. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: immunotorbidometri. ApoB100. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: immunotorbidometri. AST. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometri. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: autoanalyzer. Glutation peroxidase. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: FRAP. High density lipoprotein. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: autoanalyzer. Insulin. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: radioimmunoassay. Low density lipopritein. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: autoanalyzer. Superoxide dismutase. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: FRAP. TAC. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: FRAP. Total cholestrol. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: autoanalyzer. Triglyceride. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: autoanalyzer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: digital barometer. Body mass index. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: weight divides on the square of the height. Dietary intake. Timepoint: before intervention, 2 month after intervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Physical activity. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: international physical activity questionarre. Weight. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: digital balance. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:age20‐60years;lack of insulin consuming;FBS more than or equal to 126 mg/dl;glycosylated hemoglubin more than 6.5 percent;no consumption of any drug except drugs for control of blood glucose;no gestational diabetes;willingness to cooperate. exclusion criteria:history of metabolic diseases,cardiovascular disease,renal disease,tyroid ,cancer ;treatment with blood lipid affecting medications in the process of intervention;infectious diseases;gluten sensitive;smoking.
 Cardiovascular (CV) risk prediction and CV biomarkers in renal transplant recipients treated with belatacept compared to calcineurin inhibitors (CNI).;Open randomized 12 month study;  INTERVENTION: Belatacept arm: Belatacept will be dosed 5 mg/kg IV on day 1, 15, 29, 43, 57 and then every month thereafter. CNI to be tapered as follows: 100% on day 1, to 70‐80% on day 7, to 40‐60% on day 15, 20‐30% on day 23 and none on day 29 and beyond. Infusion doses will be based on the subject*s body weight at the time of baseline visit, day 1. Unless the body weight changes more than +/‐ 10 % the same infusion dose should be used throughout the treatment period. If the subject's body weight at any study visit has changed more than 10% from V1, a new infusion dose will be calculated from that visit onwards, and serve as a new "baseline" value for dose calculation. Study drug should be administered to the subject at a relatively constant rate over 30 minutes. CNI‐based arm: Tacrolimus or cyclosporine capsules/ tablets, oral Cyclosporine doses maintained at through level 75 to 200 ng/ml; tacrolimus concentrations will be kept at 5‐10 ng/ml. Target concentrations may be modified according to local directives, and vary with time since transplantation. Belatacept Cardiovascular risk renal transplant recipients CONDITION: ; cardiovascular risk during prophylaxis of graft rejection in renal transplant recipients ; cardiovascular risk while preventing rejection of kidney transplant 10038430 10057166 cardiovascular risk during prophylaxis of graft rejection in renal transplant recipients cardiovascular risk while preventing rejection of kidney transplant PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary end‐point is the estimated risk of major adverse cardiovascular ; events (MACE). The natural logarithm of the estimated CV risk for MACE will be ; calculated as previously described by Soveri et al. (2012) as a linear function ; of the following variables: age, previous coronary heart disease, smoking, ; serum creatinine, diabetes mellitus, LDL‐cholesterol and number of transplants. ; The primary endpoint will be a comparison of the log of the estimated CV risk ; between treatment groups (CNI vs. belatacept based immunosuppression) at one ; year. For patients discontinuing the study before one year, the last available ; estimate of CV risk will be used in the analysis of the ITT population.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: The secondary end‐points are the comparisons between treatments arms for: ; ‐ individual components of CV risk in RTR: blood pressure, lipid profiles and ; eGFR. ; ‐ vascular function measured by EndoPAT. ; ‐ biomarkers of ageing (bio‐ageing) in RTR: leukocyte telomere length, CDKN2A ; levels, leukocyte RNA expression profile. ; ‐ biomarkers for CV risk factors in RTR measured by Proximity Ligation Assay, ; ELISA, multicoloured FACS analyses (Dutch sites only), SDF Imaging (Dutch sites ; only) and miRNA measurements ; ‐ renal transplant biopsy IFTA scores (Banff criteria) ; ‐ expression of graft fibrosis markers, and other measures of chronic renal ; transplant markers in kidney biopsies ; ‐ acute rejection ; ‐ allograft losses ; ‐ CV events occurring during the study, i.e. ; o cardiovascular death (due to myocardial infarction (MCI), heart failure or ; stroke), ; o non fatal MCI ; o non fatal stroke ; o hospitalization due to congestive heart failure ; o hospitalization due to angina pectoris ; o coronary intervention ; ‐ patient survival ; ‐ safety and tolerability ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Signed Written Informed Consent 2. Target Population: 2.a Renal transplant recipients of living donor or deceased donor kidney transplant. 2.b Stable renal graft (eGFR > 20 ml/min) with no need for exploratory examination) 2.c Tacrolimus or CsA (Cyclosporine A) standard treatment since transplantation 2.d 3 * 60 months post‐transplantation at randomization 3. Age and Sex: 3.a Men and women, aged 18 to 80 years, both inclusive 3.b Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must be using adequate method of contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study and for up to 8 weeks after the last dose of study drug to minimize the risk of pregnancy. WOCBP include any woman who has experienced menarche and who has not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or who is not post‐ menopausal. Post‐menopause is defined as: *Amenorrhea that has lasted for 12 consecut
 A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled trial on the effect of rosiglitazone in reversing newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes to non-diabetic status;  INTERVENTION: Primary intervention: rosiglitazone versus placebo for 52 weeks Secondary intervention: standard lifestyle modification advice CONDITION: Diabetes mellitus (type 2) ; Urological and Genital Diseases ; Diabetes mellitus (type 2) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycaemic status as assessed by 75 g OGTT at 52 weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Change of insulin resistance and insulin reserve as assessed by Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) at 52 weeks; 2. Cardiovascular risk factors assessed at 52 weeks; 3. Treatment effect 13 weeks after treatment stopped INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type 2 diabetic patients above 18 years of age 2. Newly diagnosed diabetes within one year with HbA1c <7% at the time of entry to the study 3. No history of exposure to any anti‐diabetic medications except diet control or insulin during period of gestational diabetes 4. Alcohol consumption less than 50 g/day
 Evaluation of an Information Pamphlet for Postpartum Women That Had a Hypertensive Pregnancy;  It is known that preeclampsia is a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, chronic hypertension, nephropathy and thromboembolism. The study's aim, subsequent to these informations, is to help prevent those consequences. Information tools have been known to enhance retention of information given orally. The objective of this study is to assess the knowledge and satisfaction of women after an episode of preeclampsia after reading an explanatory pamphlet on preeclampsia. The investigators also want to change their perception on cardiovascular risk, their risk of recurrence and preeclampsia's medium to long‐term consequences and the ways to prevent them.
 The impact of an insulin sensitizer, troglitazone, on glucose metabolism in African Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus: a placebo-controlled, 24-month randomized study;  African Americans (AA) have greater prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), and nondiabetic AA have demonstrated increased insulin resistance when compared with Caucasian Americans (CA). The objective of this study was to examine the impact of chronic use of an insulin sensitizer on glucose metabolism in normal glucose tolerant AA at risk for DM (previous gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM] or first‐degree relative with DM). Forty‐nine high‐risk AA received 200 mg/d troglitazone (TRO) versus 81 age‐, weight‐, and body mass index (BMI)‐matched high‐risk AA who received placebo (PLA) for 24 months. Yearly anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT) were performed. Biochemical parameters were monitored quarterly. There was no significant change in anthropometric measurements over 24 months in TRO versus PLA. There were no significant differences in serum glucose, insulin, or C‐peptide incremental area under the curve (AUC) in TRO versus PLA at baseline or 24 months for OGTT and FSIVGTT. The insulin sensitivity (S(I)) for TRO and PLA increased from baseline to 24 months by 17% and 16%, respectively. The TRO demonstrated a 26% increase in insulin/glucose ratio versus 1% increase in the PLA at 24 months. The disposition index (DI) increased 33% from baseline in TRO versus 21% increase in PLA. Modest improvement in glucose metabolism was seen in TRO when compared with PLA. TRO was well tolerated without significant reported adverse events. Based on our current data, the treatment of normal glucose tolerant high‐risk AA with thiazolidinedione (TZD) may be beneficial to "reset" and protect glucose metabolism by improving insulin responses. Because of the potential drug‐related risks associated with use of TZD and the proven positive impact of diet and exercise in prevention of DM, studies of longer duration with examination of other potentially beneficial parameters, such as cardiovascular indices and inflammatory markers will be necessary to justify the cost in the nondiabetic population.
 Pulsed Doppler measurements of flow velocities in the intracranial and abdominal arteries of newborns of diabetic mothers;  OBJECTIVE: To define the character of haemodynamic changes and brain‐sparing phenomena in newborns of diabetic mothers. METHODS: On the basis of blood indices flow in the middle cerebral artery (MCA), anterior cerebral artery (ACA), right renal artery (RRA) and the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) the character of haemodynamic change and the brain‐sparing phenomena in 53 newborns of diabetic mothers was analyzed. As a control group we chose 29 healthy newborns delivered at term. Doppler examinations were performed with ATL 3500 machine (Philips) using 7.5 MHz transducer and pulsed and colour Doppler. Pulsatility (PI) and resistance (RI) indices were calculated and analyzed. RESULTS: In the MCA and ACA both indices (PI and RI) were lower than in abdominal arteries. We have found higher values of PI and RI in MCA than in ACA in both studied groups. In comparison to full‐term newborns born from normal pregnancies, values of PI and RI in ACA were higher in IDM (infants of diabetic mothers) group (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In IDM similarly to neonates from physiological pregnancies we can observe physiological phenomenon of brain‐sparing effect. In the IDM group postnatal haemodynamic disturbances are limited to the brain circulation only. In IDM in spite of absence of signs of hypoxia, some brain‐sacrifice effect was observed. Haemodynamic disturbances were not observed in renal and mesenteric circulation.
 Multicenter, prospective, randomized, open-label study of the safety and efficacy of a Certican® -based regimen versus a calcineurin inhibitor (CNI)-based regimen in maintenance heart transplant recipients with CNI-related renal insufficiency - CeCaRi;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Certican Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet CONDITION: This study is designed to evaluate whether Certican® initiation, together with discontinuation of calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs) will have a beneficial effect on the renal function in maintenance heart transplant recipients with CNI‐related renal impairment, while maintaining efficacy. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: • Change in renal function assessed by mGFR from baseline to month 12 after randomization between the group of patients receiving Certican® and the control group with unchanged CNI‐based immunosuppressive treatment. Primary end point(s): • Change in renal function assessed by mGFR from baseline to month 12 after randomization between the group of patients receiving Certican® and the control group with unchanged CNI‐based immunosuppressive treatment. Secondary Objective: • Incidence of treated acute rejection episodes ; • Proteinuria (protein/creatinine ratio, measured in first morning urine sample); • Incidence of graft loss/retransplantation; • Patient survival; • Ultrasound left ventricular ejection fraction; • Incidence of MACEs. MACEs include: acute myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), automatic implanted cardiac defibrillator (AICD), coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG), cerebral vascular accident, and peripheral vascular disease. ; • Calculated GFR (cGFR n‐MDRD formula) change from baseline.; • Ambulatory 24h blood pressure monitoring; • Safety parameters including: hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, anemia, infections and malignancies; • Incidence of discontinuations, AEs and SAEs; INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Male or female over 18 years old • Patients who have undergone a heart transplantation at least 12 months ago • Patients with a calculated GFR (MDRD formula) = 60 ml/min and = 30 ml/min/1.73m2 (CKD stage 3) • Patients who are willing and capable to participate in the study for 12 months and who have given written informed consent. • Females capable of becoming pregnant must have a negative pregnancy test within 7 days prior to randomization and are required to practice a medically approved method of birth control for the duration of the study. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Plication of the Rectus Abdominis in Two Planes and in One Continuous Suture Plan;  Inclusion criteria were female gender; 25 to 50 years of age; history of at least one pregnancy; body mass index (BMI) between 18 and 30 kg/m2; desire to undergo abdominoplasty as a single procedure without receiving liposuction or other cosmetic surgeries; deformities of the skin and subcutaneous tissues in the abdominal region; and musculoaponeurotic defect. Non‐inclusion criteria were smoking habit; abdominal wall scar (except for a Pfannenstiel scar related to a Cesarean section); abdominal wall hérnias; history of deep‐vein thrombosis; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; câncer; hypertension; diabetes or other chronic systemic diseases; and use of corticosteroids. Patients lost to follow‐up and those who did not undergo ultrasound examination were excluded from the study. Primary outcome: Get a technique that provides a safe correction with lasting results and in every segment of time. Secondary clinical outcome: confirms the plication of a single layer as positive in women patients at two years of surgery compared to two planes.
 A Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled Trial on the Effect of Rosiglitazone in Reversion of Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes to Non-Diabetic Status;  INTERVENTION: Two groups:Primary intervention: Rosiglitasone or Placebo for 52 weeks. Secondary intervention: Standard advice on lifestyle modification for 52 weeks versus placebo ; CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glycaemic status assessed by 75g OGTT at 52 weeks; SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Change of insulin resistance and insulin reserve assessed by HOMA model at 52 weeks. 2. Cardiovascular risk factors assessed at 52 weeks. 3. Treatment effect 13 weeks after treatment stopped.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type 2 diabetic patients above 18 years of age; 2. Newly diagnosed diabetes within one year with HbA1c less than or equals 7.0% at time of study entry; 3. No history of exposure to any anti‐diabetic medications except diet control or insulin during period of gestational diabetes; 4. Alcohol consumption less than 50g/day.
 Feasibility of an mhealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with cardiometabolic risk pre-and mid-covid: the fit after baby pilot randomized controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Postpartum women with overweight/obesity and with a history of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small‐for‐gestational age deliveries, and/or preterm birth are at high risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Postpartum weight loss and lifestyle changes can decrease these risks, yet traditional face‐to‐face interventions often fail. We adapted the Diabetes Prevention Program into a theory‐based mobile health (mHealth) program called Fit After Baby (FAB) and tested FAB in a pilot randomized controlled trial. METHODS: FAB delivers daily evidence‐based content, facilitates tracking of weight, diet, and activity, provides weekly coaching, and includes gamification using points and rewards. We randomized women at 6 wks postpartum 2:1 to FAB or Text4Baby (T4B) app (active control). Participants were asked to read daily content for 84 days, measure weight and check in with a lifestyle coach weekly. We measured weight and administered behavioral questionnaires at 6 wks, and 6 and 12 months postpartum, and collected app user data. An additional survey assessed the impact of the COVID‐19 pandemic. RESULTS: We randomized 82 women (77% White, 2% Asian, 15% Black, with 23% Hispanic), mean baseline BMI 32±5 kg/m2 and age 31±5.1 years. Participants logged into the app a median of 51/84 (IQR 25,71) days, wore activity trackers 66/84 times (IQR 43,84) days, weighed in 17 times (IQR 11,24), and did coach check‐ins 5.5/12 (IQR 4,9) weeks. The COVID‐19 pandemic interrupted data collection for the primary 12 month endpoint, and impacted diet, physical activity, and body weight for many participants. Among 47 participants surveyed about the impact of COVID, 39% reported less physical activity than usual (28% reported more), and 33% reported eating more poorly than usual (11% reported more healthfully), and 35% reported gaining weight (24% losing weight). Weight change at 12 months from baseline was ‐8.9 lbs [95% CI 4.3,13.6] in the FAB group and ‐5.2 lbs [95% CI +0.8,‐11.2] (p=0.66). However, on average FAB participants affected by COVID gained weight from baseline (mean +1.1 lbs, [95% CI ‐8,+10.2] while T4B lost 6.7 lbs [95% CI ‐20.4,+7.1]. At 12 months, 45% of FAB vs. 31% of T4B achieved clinically meaningful weight loss of at least 5% (p=0.4), with 65% vs. 52% back to prepregnancy weight (p=0.4). Accumulating points was significantly associated with weight loss at 6 months (p<0.05). At 6 months the FAB group decreased kilocalorie, saturated fat, and % added sugar intake by more than control, by 15% (p=0.14), 22% (p=0.07), 4% (p=0.14) respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The mHealth FAB program demonstrated feasibility and a high level of engagement among overweight/obese women at elevated cardiometabolic risk. Given the scalability and potential public health impact, the efficacy for decreasing cardiometabolic risk by decreasing postpartum weight retention and improving diet and activity should be tested in a larger trial. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Transform clinical care LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: mHealth for disease prevention.
 A multicentre, double-blind, randomised placebo-controlled trial of sodium bicarbonate to prevent acute kidney injury in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass surgery. - Natriumbikarbonat-Studie;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Sodium bicarbonate Pharmaceutical Form: Intravenous infusion CAS Number: 144‐55‐8 Other descriptive name: SODIUM BICARBONATE Concentration unit: mmol millimole(s) Trade Name: Sodium chloride Pharmaceutical Form: Intravenous infusion CAS Number: 7647‐14‐5 Other descriptive name: SODIUM CHLORIDE SOLUTION 0.9% Concentration unit: mmol/l millimole(s)/litre Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for infusion Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use CONDITION: Cardiac surgical patients in whom the use of cardiopulmonary bypass is planned and having at least one ore more of the following risk factors for post‐operative acute kidney injury • Age = 70 years • Preoperative plasma creatinine >120 µmol/L • Heart failure (NYHA class III / IV) • Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus • Valve surgery (with or without coronary artery bypass graft surgery) • Redo cardiac surgery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate whether sodium bicarbonate administered intravenously from the time of induction of anaesthesia prior to cardiac surgery and for 24 hours postoperatively results in a decreased proportion of patients developing CPB‐associated postoperative AKI defined as an increase in plasma creatinine concentration from preoperative value to peak value greater than 25% or greater than 44µmol/L within the first 5 days postoperatively compared to placebo. Primary end point(s): To investigate whether sodium bicarbonate administered intravenously from the time of induction of anaesthesia prior to cardiac surgery and for 24 hours postoperatively results in a decreased proportion of patients developing CPB‐associated postoperative AKI defined as an increase in plasma creatinine concentration from preoperative value to peak value greater than 25% or greater than 44µmol/L within the first 5 days postoperatively compared to placebo. Secondary Objective: To investigate the effect of sodium bicarbonate compared to placebo on the following variables:; • change in plasma creatinine concentration from baseline to peak value within the first 5 days after cardiac surgery; • change in urine pH from baseline to 24 hours after cardiac surgery; • change in urine concentration of neutrophil gelatinase associated lipocalin (NGAL) from baseline to 24 hours after cardiac surgery; • change in urine concentration of a marker of oxidative stress from baseline to 24 hours after cardiac surgery; • change in plasma concentration of neutrophil gelatinase associated lipocalin (NGAL) from baseline to 24 hours after cardiac surgery; • change in plasma concentration of a marker of oxidative stress from baseline to 24 hours after cardiac surgery; • change in activity of NFkappaB from baseline to 24 hours after cardiac surgery; • need for renal replacement therapy; • duration ICU stay; • duration of hospital stay ; • 90 day mortality INCLUSION CRITERIA: Cardiac surgical patients in whom the use of cardiopulmonary bypass was planned and: • Written informed consent of patient • No present pregnancy • Highly effective contraception in women with childbearing potential (Pearl index < 1) • No participation in another clinical study (AMG) at the time of this study and having at least one ore more of the following risk factors for post‐operative acute kidney injury • Age = 70 years • Preoperative plasma creatinine >120 µmol/L • Heart failure (NYHA class III / IV) • Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus • Valve surgery (with or without coronary artery bypass graft surgery) • Redo cardiac surgery Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 the effect of green coffee on metabolic syndrome;  INTERVENTION: control group: patients will receive a daily two placebo capsules , for two months. Capsules should taken 30 minutes before breakfast and lunch with a glass of water. Intervention 1: Intervention group: patients will receive a daily two capsules containing 400 mg of green coffee extract, for two months. Capsules should taken 30 minutes before breakfast and lunch with glass of water. Intervention 2: control group: patients will receive a daily two placebo capsules , for two months. Capsules should taken 30 minutes before breakfast and lunch with a glass of water. Intervention group: patients will receive a daily two capsules containing 400 mg of green coffee extract, for two months. Capsules should taken 30 minutes before breakfast and lunch with glass of water. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: E66.0,E11. metabolic syndrome. ; Obesity due to excess calories, Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications,Secondary hypertension, unspecified Obesity due to excess calories, Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus with unspecified complications,Secondary hypertension, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: At baseline and after 2 month of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry of Thiobarbituric Acid. Serum Chemerin. Timepoint: At baseline and after 2 month of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: Standard mercury manometer. BMI. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: W/H.t2. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase enzymatic and colorimetric. HbA1c. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Colorimetric ‐ Ion Spectrophotometer. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Enzymatic and colorimetric method. Hip circumference. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: Standard plastic tape. Insulin level. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Enzymatically using autoanalyzer. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: HOMAIR. LDL‐C. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Enzymatic and colorimetric method. Nutritional status. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: The questionnaires and Software nutrition 4. Physical activity. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: The International physical activity questionnaire. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Enzymatic and colorimetric method. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and after two months. Method of measurement: Enzymatic and colorimetric method. Waist circumference. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: Standard plastic tape. Waist/Hip ratio. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: Waist / Hip. Whight. Timepoint: At baseine and 4th and 8th weeks. Method of measurement: scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: people with metabolic syndrome; 25‐50 year old person; willingness to cooperate. Exclusion criteria: use of lipid or glucose or blood pressure lowering agents; use of body weight loss medications; Addiction and Smoking; Menopause; Sensitivity to placebo; cancer; cardiovascular disease; liver disorders; kidney disease and anemia; use of antioxidant supplements, fish oil supplements and alcohol; pregnancy and lactation
 CASPER study;  INTERVENTION: Low dose of aspirin Placebo CONDITION: ; Pregnancy and Childbirth Pregnancy and Childbirth PRIMARY OUTCOME: preeclampsia and or eclampsia SECONDARY OUTCOME: Maternal mortality, placenta abruptio, admission to ICU, stroke, post partum haemorrhage, timing of delivery, gestational age at delivery, HELLP syndrome, near miss event, birth weight, admission in nursery ICU, intra uterine death, fresh still birth, small for gestational age or neonatal respiratory support. ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 All urban health centres providing maternal health services in Blantyre 2 All Pregnant women screened and identified to be at risk of preeclampsia/ eclampsia such as those with: Hypertensive disease during previous pregnancy Chronic kidney disease Type 1&2 diabetes Chronic hypertension Auto immune disease such as systematic lupus erythematosus or antiphospholipid syndrome previous history of preeclampsia/eclampsia, previous an explained abruption advanced maternal/extreme of age, teenagers 3. Those with family history of eclampsia/preeclampsia, twin pregnancy, chronic hypertension, diabetes ) 4. They should be between 11 to 16 weeks gestation
 Efficacy and safety of finerenone in subjects with chronic heart failure at high risk of recurrent heart failure decompensation;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 10 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 10 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: BAY 94‐8862 IR tablet 20 mg Product Code: BAY 94‐8862 coated tablet 20 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Finerenone CAS Number: 1050477‐31‐0 Current Sponsor code: BAY 94‐8862 micronized Other descriptive name: BAY 94‐8862 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Eplerenone 25 mg Film‐coated Tablets Product Name: Eplerenone 25 mg Film‐coated Tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: EPLERENONE CAS Number: 107724‐20‐9 Other descriptive name: EPLERENONE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Eplerenone 50 mg Film‐coated Tablets Product Name: Eplerenone 50 mg Film‐coated Tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: EPLERENONE CAS Number: 107724‐20‐9 Other descriptive name: EPLERENONE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Subjects with chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction after recent heart failure decompensation and additional risk factors, either type 2 diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease or both ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10076410 Term: Chronic kidney disease stage 3 System Organ Class: 100000004857 ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 100000004861 ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10066498 Term: Cardiac failure chronic aggravated System Organ Class: 100000004849 ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10076408 Term: Chronic kidney disease stage 1 System Organ Class: 100000004857 ; MedDRA version: 18.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10076409 Term: Chronic kidney disease stage 2 System Organ Class: 100000004857 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary efficacy variables will be as follows: ; • Total number of hospitalizations (or equivalent) for HF ; •Time to first hospitalization (or equivalent) for HF ; •Time to all‐cause mortality ; •Time to first occurrence of composite renal endpoint: ; o Onset of kidney failure ; o Sustained decrease in eGFR =40% relative to baseline over at least 4 weeks ; o Renal death Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: From randomization (Visit 1) until the end of study following the study termination decision, approximately from 18 to 36 months • Diagnosis of CHF, NYHA class II‐IV, and documented ejection fraction of PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Demonstrate the superiority of finerenone to eplerenone in delaying time to first occurrence of the composite endpoint, defined as cardiovascular (CV) death or hospitalization for heart failure (HF), in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) (NYHA class II–IV) and reduced ejection fraction after recent heart failure decompensation who have additional risk factors, i.e. type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and/or or chronic kidney disease (CKD). Primary end point(s): Time to the first occurrence of the primary composite endpoint, consisting of the following components: ; ‐ CV death ; ‐ Hospitalization for HF Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives of this study are to determine the superiority of finerenone to eplerenone with regard to the following:; • Total number of hospitalizations (or equivalent) for HF; • Time to first hospitalization (or equivalent) for HF ; • All‐cause mortality; • Time to first occurrence of composite renal endpoint: onset of kidney failure, or sustained decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) =40% relative to baseline over at least 4 weeks, or renal death.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: From randomization (Visit 1) until the end of study following the study termination decision, approximately from 18 to 36 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Women of childbearing potential can only be included in the study if a pregnancy test is negative at Screening and if they agree to use adequate contraception. Adequate contraception is defined as any combination of at least 2 effective methods of birth control, of which at least one is a physical barrier (e.g. condoms with hormonal contraception or implants or combined oral contraceptives, certain intrauterine devices). Women are considered post‐menopausal and not of childbearing potential if they have had 12 months of natural (spontaneous) amenorrhea with an appropriate clinical profile (e.g. age appropriate, history of vasomotor symptoms) or 6 months of spontaneous amenorrhea with serum follicle‐stimulating hormone (FSH) levels >40 mIU/mL [for US only: and estradiol <20 pg/mL] or have had surgical treatment such as bilateral tubal ligation, bilateral ovariectomy, or hysterectomy.
 Argon Plasma Coagulation for Bleeding Peptic Ulcers;  Patients and methods Study cohort Patients with acute upper gastrointestinal bleeding (AUGIB) who were admitted to Kaohsiung Veterans General Hospital between January 2011 and January 2012 were screened. Inclusion criteria were (i) over 20 years of age and (ii) patients with high‐risk peptic ulcer bleeding. Acute hemorrhage from upper gastrointestine was defined as classical presentation with hematemesis, coffee‐ground emesis, and/or melena. High‐risk bleeding ulcers were defined as participants with stigmata of a bleeding visible vessels (eg, spurting, oozing), a non‐bleeding visible vessels (NBVV) or adherent clot.4 A NBVV at endoscopy was defined as a raised red, red‐blue or pale hemispheric vessel protruding from the ulcer bed, without active bleeding. An adherent clot was defined as an overlying blood clot that was resistant to vigorous irrigation. Exclusion criteria were as follows: (i) the presence of another possible bleeding site (eg, gastroesophageal varix, gastric cancer, reflux esophagitis); (ii) coexistence of actively severe ill diseases (eg, septic shock, stroke, myocardial infarction, surgical abdomen); (iii) treatment with an anticoagulant (eg, warfarin); (iv) pregnancy; (v) the presence of operated stomach or; (vi) refusal to participate in the study. In current study, baseline characteristics of both study groups were collected at the first 24 hours after admission. Some definitions of events were expressed herein: smoking was defined as inhalation of smoke from burning tobacco daily in recent 3 months; habitual consumption of alcohol was defined as participants imbibing alcohol twice or more per week in recent 3 months; shock was considered systolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg or diastolic less than 60 mmHg, and heart rate over 100 beats per minute; comorbid diseases included unresolved malignancy, diabetes mellitus, liver cirrhosis, uremia, congestive heart failure, chronic pulmonary obstructive disease and pneumonia; and coagulopathy was defined as prothrombin time > 14 seconds and/or activated partial thromboplastin time > 45 seconds. Randomization In this prospective, parallel‐group, randomized controlled trial, eligible patients were randomized into two groups using opaque‐sealed envelopes numbered according to a table of random numbers before the fist therapeutic endoscopy (index endoscopy): the Combined group and the Injection group. Informed consent was obtained from each enrolled participant. Combined group patients received APC therapy following distilled water injection at index endoscopy. Injection group patients underwent distilled water alone at index endoscopy. Thereafter both treatment groups were treated with intravenous pantoprazole (Pantoloc i.v., Nycomed GmbH, Singen, Germany) 40 mg every 12 hours during the first 3 days, followed by oral pantoprazole (Pantoloc, Takeda GmbH, Oranienburg, Germany) 40 mg daily until the end of 56‐day study period. Primary end point was rebleeding. Secondary end points included initial hemostasis, the need for surgery, transfusion requirements, the period of hospitalization, severe adverse event (stricture, obstruction or perforation) and death at 30 days postrandomization.
 Delivering the Diabetes Prevention Programme in a UK community setting: UEA-IFG Study;  INTERVENTION: Diabetes Prevention Programme: Lifestyle programme based on the U.S. Diabetes Prevention Programme. Participant targets will be to: 1. Lose 7% of body weight 2. Build up to 2.5 hours of brisk physical activity each week 3. Build up to walking at least 10,000 steps a day 4. Eat more healthily by eating less fat Study entry: single randomisation only CONDITION: Topic: Diabetes Research Network, Primary Care Research Network for England; Subtopic: Type 2, Not Assigned; Disease: All Diseases, Prevention/screening ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Transition to type 2 diabetes mellitus (fasting plasma glucose of 7.0 mmol/l or greater) after 17 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not provided at time of registration INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female 2. Aged 45 ‐ 70 years 3. One of the following: 3.1. First degree relative with type 2 diabetes 3.2. Body mass index (BMI) greater than 25 kg/m2 3.3. Waist circumference greater than 94 cm (male) or greater than 80 cm (female) 3.4. History of gestational diabetes 3.5. History of coronary heart disease
 The effect of memantine on the pain relief after orthopedic surgery;  INTERVENTION: group (D) receives 45 mg Dextromethorphan, about two and a half hours before the start of operation Group (M) receives 30 mg oral Memantine,about two and a half hours before the start of operation group (P) receives placebo, about two and a half hours before the start of operation Intervention 1: Group (M) receives 30 mg oral Memantine,about two and a half hours before the start of operation. Intervention 2: group (D) receives 45 mg Dextromethorphan, about two and a half hours before the start of operation. Intervention 3: group (P) receives placebo, about two and a half hours before the start of operation. Prevention CONDITION: Acute pain Acute pain. ; Acute pain PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: 6, 12, 24, 36 and 48 hours after the surgery. Method of measurement: visual analog score. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: 6, 12, 24, 36 and 48 hours after the surgery. Method of measurement: 1 for mild nausea without the need for medication, 2 for nausea needing medication, 3 for nausea and lack of response to anti‐nausea drugs. Patient satisfaction. Timepoint: At the end of 48 hours post operation. Method of measurement: 0 for absolutely no pain, 1 for sometimes moderate pain, 2 for always moderate pain, 3 for sometimes severe pain, 4 for always moderate pain and sometimes severe pain, and 5 for always severe pain. Sedation scores. Timepoint: 6, 12, 24, 36 and 48 hours after the surgery. Method of measurement: 0 for restless, 1 for quiet, 2 for sleepy, 3 for confused but with respond to verbal commands, 4 for no response to verbal commands, and 5 for no response to painful stimulus. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:patients undergoing elective orthopedic surgery of the lower limbs (calf fracture); aged 18‐65 years;physical health status of ASA 1 or 2 Exclusion criteria:ASA physical health status of 3 or 4; diseases of the respiratory system, heart, brain and endocrine glands;any opioid consumption in one week prior to surgery;sensitivity to opioid used in the study;a history of mental illness;MAOIs or SSRIs consumption during 4 weeks before the surgery; pregnancy;history of stroke;type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus.
 Prolonged clopidogrel use after cardiac stenting is not beneficial;  Background: American and European cardiology societies recommend six to 12 months of dual‐antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel (Plavix) after drug‐eluting stent placement to prevent late stent thrombosis. The data used to support these guidelines, however, are derived from older observational studies that included only patients who received clopidogrel before stenting. Because the optimal duration and risk‐benefit ratio of dual‐antiplatelet therapy are not known, Valgimigli and colleagues compared outcomes with six and 24 months of dual‐antiplatelet therapy in patients receiving drug‐eluting or bare‐metal stents. The Study: The Prolonging Dual Antiplatelet Treatment After Grading Stent‐Induced Intimal Hyperplasia Study was a multi‐center, prospective, open‐label trial in which patients were randomly assigned to a bare‐metal stent or one of three U.S. Food and Drug Administration‐approved drug‐eluting stents. Patients were screened for inclusion between 2006 and 2008. Those 18 years and older with chronic stable coronary artery disease or acute coronary syndromes were eligible for inclusion if they had at least one vessel appropriate for stenting. Inclusion criteria were broad to reflect clinical practice, and exclusions were limited to allergy to aspirin or clopidogrel, planned surgery within 24 months of stenting, need for oral anticoagulation, history of bleeding diathesis, active bleeding in the preceding six months, pregnancy, or life expectancy of less than 24 months. All patients received loading doses of aspirin and clopidogrel, then 80 to 160 mg of aspirin and 75 mg of clopidogrel daily. After 30 days, patients were randomized to receive six or 24 months of aspirin and clopidogrel. Participants followed up for study visits after 30 days, then every six months for up to two years for clinical examination, electrocardiography, and adherence monitoring. Additionally, nurses contacted participants monthly. The primary end point was death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or cerebrovascular accident. The key safety end point was bleeding rates using Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction criteria and the BleedScore. Results: Of the 2,013 patients recruited, 1,970 patients were randomized to six or 24 months of treatment. The two groups had similar baseline characteristics and included similar numbers of each stent type. The median age was 69 years; approximately 25 percent of patients had diabetes mellitus or previous myocardial infarction, and two‐thirds of patients presented with acute coronary syndrome. There was no difference between the groups in all‐cause mortality, cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction or stroke, or stent thrombosis. At two years, the event rate for the primary end point was 10.1 percent for the 24‐month treatment group and 10.0 percent in the six‐month treatment group. However, there was an approximately twofold increase in bleeding complications requiring medical or surgical treatment or transfusion in the 24‐month treatment group. Conclusion: Extending clopidogrel therapy beyond six months after stent placement does not reduce death or ischemic events, and increases the risk of bleeding complications. © 2012 American Academy of Family Physicians.
 Uterine Fundus Pressure in Reduction of Cesarean Bleeding;  A total of 482 patients who gave birth by CS in the Obstetrics Clinic of Fırat University Faculty of Medicine between 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021 were included in the study. Approval was obtained from the Ethics Committee of Fırat University for this prospective randomized single‐center study (Ethics committee date = 15.10.2020; decision no = 2020/14‐02). The 482 patients who had CS were divided into two groups, control group (n = 246), weighted group (n = 236) was randomized. Each patient was followed up in our obstetrics clinic until discharge from the hospital after surgery and the data were analyzed. The same techniques were used in all surgical procedures in order not to create differences in terms of surgical techniques and operation times that may affect intraoperative bleeding. However, to minimize inter‐operator variations, surgical procedures were performed by operators with sufficient surgical experience. The standard sandbag used in our clinic was 20 × 20 × 3 cm3 in dimensions and 3 kg in weight. Sandbags of the same standard were used for all patients. After the patient was taken to the patient's bed, the uterine fundus was palpated, and then the sandbag was placed on the abdomen, just above the fundus, in such a way as to apply pressure to the fundus. The sandbag was kept on the abdomen for approximately 6 hours. During this period, the patient was followed up frequently and care was taken not to change the position of the sandbag. Sandbags were removed just before our patients were mobilized (approximately 6 hours). The sandbag was placed on the same spot in each patient by the obstetric assistants in our author team. In addition, preoperative and postoperative follow‐ups and data acquisition and storage were performed by the same team 2.1 Study Design It is a prospective, randomized, controlled single‐center study. 2.2 Inclusion Criteria All cases with CS who had a live pregnancy after 24 weeks of gestation were included in the study. 2.3 Exclusion Criteria ‐ Invasion anomaly, ‐ Diagnosed with preeclampsia, ‐ Placenta previa cases, ‐ Hypertensive pregnant women receiving antihypertensive therapy, ‐ Diabetic pregnant women, ‐ Multiple pregnancies, ‐ Major hepatic, cardiac, renal, respiratory disorders ‐ Deep vein thrombosis during pregnancy, ‐ Receiving anticoagulant therapy ‐ Patients who developed atony and uterine rupture in the operating room, ‐ Suspected placental invasion ‐ Uterine balloon tamponade ‐ Arterial embolization ‐ Uterine and hypogastric artery ligation, ‐ Uterine compression sutures ‐ Intraoperative blood loss was estimated to be over 1000 mL during CS and who received intraoperative blood transfusion 2.4 Patient Selection For randomization, patients were fully informed about the study while preparing for CS. Sandbags were placed in all cases included in the study after meeting the study criteria for between 1 January 2021 and 30 June 2021. Sandbags were not placed in the cases who met the study criteria and were included in the study between 1 July 2021 and 31 December 2021.2.5 Sampling Technique Qualified participants who gave informed consent to participate in the study were randomly assigned to groups. Visual analog scale (VAS) was used for postoperative pain scoring at the 8th and 24th postoperative hours. The patient included in the study was randomized into control group or weighted group by another assistant doctor who did not participate in the CS and did not know about the patient. 2.6 Postoperative Monitoring All cases were given 10 IU of oxytocin IV during CS, after prophylactic antibiotic therapy and placenta separation. After CS, 40 IU of oxytocin (Synpitan® forte ampule 5 IU, Deva, Istanbul, Turkey) was administered intravenously in 500 mL saline and at an infusion rate of 125 mL/hour. At the same time, 0.2‐0.4 µg methylergonovine maleate (Methergine® ampule 0.2 µmg, Sandoz, Istanbul, Turkey) was given intravenously/intramuscularly in cases without hypertension. All patients were treated according to the postoperative protocol for CS performed in our obstetrics clinic. At the 8th and 24th hours postoperatively, the researchers determined the patient's hemoglobin (Hb) and hematocrit (Hct) concentrations and the amount of vaginal bleeding. In addition, the time of milk coming from the breast and VAS were performed. Patients with a postoperative Hb value of <7 g/dL received blood transfusion. Considering the risks of blood transfusion, blood transfusion is primarily planned in symptomatic patients with an Hct value of <20%, as stated in the bulletin of The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), but if the Hb is below 7 g/dL, it is hemodynamically stable and in asymptomatic patients, the treatment is individualized and alternative to transfusion, oral anti anemic or intravenous iron therapy is applied. 2.7 Determination of the Amount of Postoperative Blood Loss Postoperative blood loss was determined by monitoring the pad and measuring the hemoglobin values at the 8th and 24th hours in all cases. Standard pads measuring 10 × 10 cm2 was used. The main advantage of this method of visually assessing blood loss is that it is a real‐time assessment and allows the person accompanying the delivery to correlate it with the patient's clinical findings. However, significant differences between clinical evaluation and actual measurements have been clearly demonstrated in many studies has been reported that gravimetric blood loss estimation methods or serum lactate measurements can provide a more objective assessment of bleeding. It has been reported that visual and gravimetric blood loss estimation measurements show a high degree of bias and therefore their routine use cannot be recommended. On the other hand, it has been stated that colorimetric technology offers real‐time measurement and has a high degree of correlation. For this reason, we used the preoperatively and postoperatively at the 8th and 24th hours hemoglobin values. Postpartum anemia was defined as hemoglobin concentration (Hb) <10 g/dL in the postpartum period.
 Dopamine receptor in hypertension with Polycystic Kidney Disease;  INTERVENTION: control, placebo capsule three times daily for 7 days; domperidone 20 mg also used in this group to simulate drug group Intervention 1: Levodopa 50 mg capsule three times daily for 7 days; Domperidone 20 mg to reduce nausea used 30 minutes before Levodopa dose for 7 days. Intervention 2: Levodopa 100 mg capsule, three times daily for 7 days; Domperidone 20 mg to reduce nausea used 30 minutes before levodopa dose for 7 days. Intervention 3: control, placebo capsule three times daily for 7 days; domperidone 20 mg also used in this group to simulate drug group. Levodopa 100 mg capsule, three times daily for 7 days; Domperidone 20 mg to reduce nausea used 30 minutes before levodopa dose for 7 days Levodopa 50 mg capsule three times daily for 7 days; Domperidone 20 mg to reduce nausea used 30 minutes before Levodopa dose for 7 days Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Adult Polycystic Kidney Disease. ; Polycystic kidney, autosomal dominant Polycystic kidney, adult type Polycystic kidney, autosomal dominant Polycystic kidney, adult type PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: 0 hour, 2 hours, 7 days. Method of measurement: mercury sphygmomanometer. Serum Nitric Oxide. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum detection by Greiss reaction (colorimetric). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Alanine Aminotransferase. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Albumin. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Alkaline Phosphatase. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Aspartate Aminotransferase. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Assymetric dimethylarginine. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum samples by ELISA. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: baseline. Method of measurement: Weight (kg)/Height (sequare meter). Calcium. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Heart rate. Timepoint: 0 hour, 2 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: radial pulse method. Potassium. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Serum Creatinin. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Sodium. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Total Bilirubin. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. Urea. Timepoint: 0 hour, 7 days. Method of measurement: serum sample by ready made kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: adult type polycystic kidney disease with borderline hypertension; Control group inclusion criteria are essential borderline hypertension without any secondary cause. Exclusion criteria are: Pregnancy, lactation, diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction, angina, arrhythmias, renal transplantation, renal failure, serum creatinin more than 3mg/dL, dialysis, sever hypertension, recieving antihypertensive drugs.
 Comparison the treatment effect of Pioglithazone with Metformin in patients with Non Alcoholic SteatoHepatitis (NASH);  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Metformin: Tablet 500 mg, oral, BID, for 4 months. Intervention 2: Pioglitazone: Tablet 30 mg, oral, daily, for 4 months. Metformin: Tablet 500 mg, oral, BID, for 4 months. Pioglitazone: Tablet 30 mg, oral, daily, for 4 months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Fatty liver. ; fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Alkp. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. ALT. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. AST. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. Body weight. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Balance. Chlo. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. FBS. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. HDL. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. HOMA Index. Timepoint: Before intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: fasting Glucose(mmol/L)*Insulin(microunit/ml)/22.5. LDL. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. Serum Adiponectin. Timepoint: Before intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). TG. Timepoint: Before intervention, two months after intervention and end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: Device photometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Side effects of drug. Timepoint: before intervention, two months after intervention, end of intervention (four months after intervention). Method of measurement: history, physical examination, plasma sampling. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: All patients with fatty liver disease based on sonography that have Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) more than normal (more than 40). Exclusion criteria: Alcohol consumption; drug induced hepatitis; use of some drugs (corticosteroids, statins); Diabetes mellitus; Chronic viral hepatitis (B,C); Autoimmune hepatitis; Wilson disease; Hemochromatosis; Ischemic heart disease; Heart failure; Liver failure; liver mass; Pregnancy.
 Study of Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) in Respiratory Pulmonary Hypertension in Adults;  • Principal Objective : Efficacy of DHEA on exercise capacity (six‐minute walk test) ‐ Secondary Objective : ‐ Efficacy of DHEA on pulmonary arterial pressures (mean, systolic and diastolic), on systemic arterial pressures, pulmonary vascular resistances ‐ Safety of DHEA treatment ‐ Observance of treatment by DHEA ‐ Study design : Double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled Phase III study. Patients will be randomized into two parallel groups to receive either 200 mg oral DHEA or placebo over a one‐year treatment. This is a multicentric study in the departments of respiratory medicine of Bordeaux, Strasbourg, Limoges and Toulouse (France). • Inclusion criteria : ‐ Age ≥ 18 years old and ≤ 75 years old (*) ‐ Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with VEMS/CV < 70% ( **) ‐ Respiratory pulmonary hypertension with mean pulmonary arterial pressure ≥ 25 mmHg (**) related to normal pulmonary capillary pressure assessed by catheterization of the right side of the heart (pulmonary capillary wedge pressure ≤12mmHg) ‐ PO2 ≤ 60 mmHg assessed by arterial gazometry at ease (**) or PO2 > 60 mmHg, but related with high hypoxemia after exercise (six‐minute walk test ) ‐ Oxygenotherapy more than 6 months before pre‐screening ‐ Written informed consent (*) Inclusion of young adults concerns COPD related to asthma or cystic fibrosis (**) Criteria assessed from last health check or the last exams for COPD diagnosis ‐ Exclusion criteria : ‐ Clinical instability and/or respiratory exacerbation within the previous three months ‐ Clinical instability and/or respiratory exacerbation dangerous for catheterization ‐ Pregnancy (ßHCG > 20 UI /l) or breastfeeding on going ‐ General corticotherapy > 0,5 mg/kg/j prédnisolone equivalent ‐ Hepatic insufficiency (TP < 50%) or renal insufficiency (creatininemia > 130 µmol/l) or diabetes mellitus type I or II (treated by oral antidiabetic oral or insulin) ‐ Left‐heart failure (coronary heart disease and/or left valvulopathy) ‐ High level of prostatic specific antigen (PSA) (> 2,5ng/ml) ‐ Previous cancer or treatment on going ‐ Study plan: After the screening evaluation and written consent document, patients will be randomized into two groups placebo or DHEA, over a one year treatment. • Number of subjects : 60 patients based on the increase of 30 % of the primary end‐point, (six‐minute walk test), i.e., 30 patients will be included in each group.
 Blood loss and visibility with esmolol vs labetalol in endoscopic sinus surgery: a randomized clinical trial;  Objectives: Improved intraoperative visibility during functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) decreases the risk of serious orbital or skull base injuries. Esmolol and labetalol have been used to reduce bleeding and achieve better visibility, but it remains unclear which drug is more effective. This study aims to measure visibility scores and mucosal bleeding rates for esmolol and labetalol in FESS. Methods: This is a 1‐year randomized double‐blind trial of adults undergoing FESS at a tertiary academic center. The inclusion criteria were as follows: age 18 or older; history of chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) with or without nasal polyps; undergoing FESS for CRS; and American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status 1 (healthy) or 2 (patient with mild systemic disease). The exclusion criteria were as follows: pregnancy; asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bradycardia, heart failure, end‐stage renal disease, cerebrovascular accident, diabetes mellitus; preoperative use of nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), aspirin, or beta‐blockers; and body mass index (BMI) greater than 40 kg/m(2). Patients received either dose‐infused esmolol or intravenous push labetalol. The primary outcome was intraoperative visibility determined by surgeon using validated scoring systems (Boezaart, Wormald). The secondary outcome was hemodynamic control (rate of blood loss, average mean arterial pressure [MAP], average heart rate [HR]). Hypothesis of no difference between drugs formed before data collection. Results: Of the 32 adults given drug (mean age = 50), 28 patients (13 esmolol and 15 labetalol) with complete data were included in the final analysis. There were no statistically significant differences between esmolol and labetalol in rate of blood loss (0.59 [0.28] vs 0.66 [0.37] mL/min, P = 0.62), average MAP (79.7 [7.5] vs 79.4 [7.7] mm Hg, P = .93), HR (72 [8.7] vs 68 [11.7] bpm, P = .26), or mean visibility scores for the Boezaart (3.1 [0.69] vs 3.1 [0.89], P = .85) and Wormald (6.1 [1.7] vs 5.9 [1.9], P = .72) grading scales. Conclusions: There were no significant differences between esmolol and labetalol in rate of blood loss, MAP control, HR, or surgical visibility in FESS. Either drug may be used, and other considerations (availability, cost) can dictate choice.
 Therapeutic effects of low-dose Bismuth subcitrate on symptoms and health-related quality of life in adult patients with irritable bowel syndrome: a clinica ltrial;  INTERVENTION: For the placebo group,mebeverine hydrochloride 200mg capsule once daily(before breakfast) and placebo of bismuth subcitrate(that did not have any effective material) 120 mg tablet twice daily(30 min breakfast and dinner meal)was were given Intervention 1: The pharmacotherapy regimen for the intervention group was mebeverine hydrochloride 200 mg capsule once daily ( before breakfast ) and bismuth subcitrate 120 mg tablet twice daily (30 min before breakfast and dinner). Intervention 2: For the placebo group,mebeverine hydrochloride 200mg capsule once daily(before breakfast) and placebo of bismuth subcitrate(that did not have any effective material) 120 mg tablet twice daily(30 min breakfast and dinner meal)was were given. The pharmacotherapy regimen for the intervention group was mebeverine hydrochloride 200 mg capsule once daily ( before breakfast ) and bismuth subcitrate 120 mg tablet twice daily (30 min before breakfast and dinner). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Irritable bowel syndrome. Condition 2: Irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea. Condition 3: Irritable bowel syndrome without diarrhea. ; irritable colon ; Irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea ; Irritable bowel syndrome without diarrhea Irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea Irritable bowel syndrome without diarrhea irritable colon PRIMARY OUTCOME: Abdominal pain. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: Questionare. Age. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: Questionare. Bloating. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: questionare. Ibs duration. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: questionare. Quality of life. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: IBS‐qol questionare. Satisfaction of defication. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: Questionare. Sex. Timepoint: 4 month wth monthly follow up. Method of measurement: Questionare. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis irritable bowel syndrome based on Rome 3 criteria; age>18 ; both sex. Exclusion criteria:age<18 and age>70 ; pregnancy; having a documented chronic heart or liver failure; surgery on the gastrointestinal tract except appendectomy; malabsorption diseases; hyperthyroidism; inflammatory bowel diseases; connective tissue diseases; severely progressive diseases, diabetes mellitus; use of antibiotic drugs within a month before the study; significant weight loss; fever; and bloody stools.
 SMARThealth Pregnancy: feasibility and Acceptability of a Complex Intervention for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India: protocol for a Pilot Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial;  Introduction: India is in the process of a major epidemiological transition towards non‐communicable diseases. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Predisposing independent risk factors include pregnancy‐related conditions, e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) ‐ also associated with significant perinatal mortality and morbidity. Early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of future CVD may offer opportunities for prevention. In rural India, Community Health Workers (CHWs) provide most antenatal and postnatal care. Innovative solutions are required to address integrated care for rural women during transitions between antenatal, postnatal and general health services. The George Institute's SMARThealth Programme has shown that CHWs in rural India screening non‐pregnant adults for cardiovascular risk, using a decision support system, is feasible. Building on this, we developed a targeted training programme for CHWs and a complex system‐level intervention that uses mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and primary care doctors to screen high‐risk pregnant women. In addition to addressing HDP and GDM, the intervention also screens for anaemia in pregnancy. Methods/Design: A pilot study will be undertaken in two diverse rural districts of India: Jhajjar (Haryana) and Guntur (Andhra Pradesh). Two Primary Health Centre clusters will be randomised to intervention or control groups at each study site. The primary objective of this pilot study is to explore the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention. Secondary objectives are to estimate: (a) prevalence rates of moderate to severe anaemia, HDPs and GDM at the study sites; (b) referral and follow‐up rates, and (c) mean haemoglobin and blood pressure values at the routine 6 week postnatal visit. A process evaluation will be conducted to explore the acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention for pregnant women and healthcare workers using qualitative methods. Discussion: It is anticipated that the findings of this pilot study will help determine the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention, and highlight how the intervention might be further developed for evaluation in a larger, cluster randomised controlled trial. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT03968952.
 Effect of anticoagulation therapy on clinical outcomes in COVID-19 (COVID-PREVENT);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Xarelto Product Name: Xarelto Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: RIVAROXABAN CAS Number: 366789‐02‐8 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Trade Name: Xarelto Product Name: Xarelto Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: RIVAROXABAN CAS Number: 366789‐02‐8 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 15‐ Trade Name: Xarelto Product Name: Xarelto Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: RIVAROXABAN CAS Number: 366789‐02‐8 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection Other descriptive name: HEPARIN‐NATRIUM EX SCHWEINE‐MUCOSA Concentration unit: IU international unit(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25000‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled syringe Other descriptive name: TINZAPARIN SODIUM Concentration unit: IU/ml international unit(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10000‐ CONDITION: Patients with moderate to severe COVID‐19 disease which may cause acute cardiac injury Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Virus Diseases [C02] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to assess the efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban compared with standard of care (SOC) with the use of prophylactic low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) or unfractionated heparin (UFH) in the prevention of thromboembolic events, cardiovascular events, all‐cause death or progression to intubation and invasive ventilation up to day 35 in patients with moderate to severe COVID‐19. Primary end point(s): Primary Composite Endpoint; ‐ Venous thromboembolism (VTE) (deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and/or fatal or non‐fatal pulmonary embolism (PE)); ‐ Arterial thromboembolism; ‐ New myocardial infarction (MI); ‐ Non‐hemorrhagic stroke; ‐ All‐cause death; ‐ Progression to intubation and invasive ventilation Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives:; The secondary objectives are to compare rivaroxaban with SOC with prophylactic LMWH or UFH in the prevention of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and in the clinical improvement on a seven‐category ordinal scale for patients with respiratory infections up to day 35 in patients with moderate to severe COVID‐19. Moreover, the number of days requiring invasive and non‐invasive ventilation will be compared between the two treatment groups.; ; Safety objectives:; The safety objectives are to compare rivaroxaban with SOC with prophylactic LMWH or UFH in bleeding outcomes up to day 35 in patients with moderate to severe COVID‐19.; ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: up to day 35 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary endpoints: ; ‐ Development of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) ; ‐ Seven‐category ordinal scale recommended by the WHO as clinical improvement scale for patients with respiratory infections (23‐25) ; ‐ Number of days requiring invasive ventilation ; ‐ Number of days requiring non‐invasive ventilation ; ; In addition, all single components of the primary composite as well as the secondary endpoints will be additionally evaluated separately. ; ; Primary Safety Endpoints: ; ‐ Fatal and non‐fatal major bleeding using the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis (ISTH) bleeding criteria ; ; Secondary Safety Endpoints: ; ‐ Clinically relevant non‐major bleeding ; ‐ Non‐major bleeding that lead to study‐drug interruption for more than 7 days ; ; Other endpoints of interest: ; ‐ Length of hospital stay ; ‐ Time to intubation ; ‐ Re‐hospitalization due to heart failure ; ‐ Re‐hospitalization due to any other reason ; ‐ Proportion of patients requiring catecholamines, time to catecholamines and time on catecholamines ; ‐ Effects on coagulation parameters for thrombin formation (D‐dimer) ; ‐ Change of N‐terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide (NT‐pro‐BNP) ; ‐ Unscheduled out‐patient visits Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: up to day 60 ; ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Subject must be willing, understanding and able to provide written informed consent 2. Subject must be a man or a woman with age > 18 years at screening 3. Subject must have an active moderate to severe COVID‐19 confirmed by a. A positive SARS‐CoV‐2 PCR test in the last 14 days 4. At least one of the following features should be present a. D‐Dimer elevation > 1.5 ULN (age adjusted cut‐offs) AND/OR b. Cardiac injury reflected by an elevation in hs‐cTnT > 2.0 ULN AND at least one of the following conditions: i. Known CAD ii. Known diabetes mellitus iii. Active smoking 5. A woman of childbearing potential must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test before randomization occurs. Before randomization, a woman must be either: a. Postmenopausal, defined as >45 years of age with amenorrhea for at least 18 months, b. If menstruating: i. If heterosexu
 Effect of opioids on heart under general anaesthesia;  INTERVENTION: In one group , as anesthetic premedication , bolus dose of intravenous remifentanil (2 µg / kg over 60 seconds) will be given followed by its infusion ( 0.15 µg / kg / min ) throught maintenance of anesthesia . In all patients , anesthesia will be induced by propofol ( 2 mg / kg ) and muscle relaxation by cisatracurium ( 0.1 mg / kg ) In the other group , as anesthetic premedication , bolus dose of alfentanil ( 20 µg / kg over 60 seconds ) will be followed by its infusion ( 0.25 µg / kg / min )throught maintenance of anesthesia . Anesthesia will be induced with propofol ( 2.5 mg / kg ) and muscle relaxation facilitated by cisatracurium ( 0.1 mg/kg ) Intervention 1: In one group , as anesthetic premedication , bolus dose of intravenous remifentanil (2 µg / kg over 60 seconds) will be given followed by its infusion ( 0.15 µg / kg / min ) throught maintenance of anesthesia . In all patients , anesthesia will be induced by propofol ( 2 mg / kg ) and muscle relaxation by cisatracurium ( 0.1 mg / kg ). Intervention 2: In the other group , as anesthetic premedication , bolus dose of alfentanil ( 20 µg / kg over 60 seconds ) will be followed by its infusion ( 0.25 µg / kg / min )throught maintenance of anesthesia . Anesthesia will be induced with propofol ( 2.5 mg / kg ) and muscle relaxation facilitated by cisatracurium ( 0.1 mg/kg ). Prevention CONDITION: Cardiac arrest, unspecified Condition 1: conduction disorder. Condition 2: General anesthesia. ; Other specified conduction disorders ; Cardiac arrest, unspecified Other specified conduction disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: QT interval. Timepoint: Before and 90 seconds after induction of anesthesia, 1 and 5 minutes after endotracheal intubation. Method of measurement: Electrocardiograph. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and 90 seconds after induction of anesthesia, 1 and 5 minutes after endotracheal intubation. Method of measurement: Operating room monitor. Heart rate. Timepoint: Before and 90 seconds after induction of anesthesia, 1 and 5 minutes after endotracheal intubation. Method of measurement: Operating room monitor. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 18‐35 years; ASA ‐ PS ( American Society of Anesthesiologist‐ Physical Status) : I ; Elective ENT ( Ear‐Nose‐Throat ) operation under general anesthesia. Exclusion criteria : Abnormal serum electrolytes, cardiovascular or psychiatric problems; idiopathic or acquired prolonged QT interval;anticipated difficulty in tracheal intubation ; patients taking any medication affecting QTc interval ( e.g. :tricylic antidepressant ,antidysrhythmics, ß‐adrenergic antagonists, calcium channel blockers); existence of cardiac valvular disease; any cardiac rhythm abnormality; diabetes mellitus ; pregnancy ; obesity ( body mass index > 30 ) and hypersensitivity reaction to egg, fish or soya bean .
 Effect of oral herbal oil supplement (Cannabis Sativa L, Oenothera Biennis L) and advising diet with Hot nature on multiple sclerosis patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Receiving 18‐21g of oral supplement oil, (Cannabis Sativa L,Oenothera Biennis L), daily and advising diet with hot nature for 180 days. Intervention 2: Receiving 18‐21g of oral supplement oil (Cannabis Sativa L,Oenothera Biennis L), daily for 180 days. Intervention 3: Receiving daily 18‐21g of "Olive Oil" as placebo for 180 days. Placebo Receiving 18‐21g of oral supplement oil (Cannabis Sativa L,Oenothera Biennis L), daily for 180 days. Receiving 18‐21g of oral supplement oil, (Cannabis Sativa L,Oenothera Biennis L), daily and advising diet with hot nature for 180 days. Receiving daily 18‐21g of "Olive Oil" as placebo for 180 days. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system Multiple Sclerosis. ; Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood cells delta‐6‐desaturase. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ 6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. Blood cells Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ 6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: GC test. EDSS (Extended disability status score ). Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ 3month after intervention‐6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Clinical examination. Serum IL‐4 concentration. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. Serum IFN‐Y concentration. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. Serum IL‐17 concentration. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ 6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. Serum PLA2 concentration. Timepoint: before intervention ‐6month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. Urinary PLA2 concentration. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes of MRI. Timepoint: before intervention ‐ 6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: imaging. Drug changes of symptomatic therapy. Timepoint: before intervention‐3month after intervention‐6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Interview. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: All MS patients with clinical form of relapsing‐remitting type, EDSS =<6 Exclusion criteria: Secondary or primary progressive MS, patients suffering concomitantly from another chronic diseases such as active coronary heart disease, liver disease, pulmonary disease, diabetes mellitus, other neurological, inflammatory, or autoimmune diseases, Pregnancy, Corticostoid use, Acute phase of MS relapse
 Local dexmedetomidine in awake fiberoptic intubation;  INTERVENTION: Control group:airway nerve blocks by lidocaine (5 milligram per kilogram of body weight) and infusion of 20 cc normal saline over 10 minutes before the blocks DEX IV group: intravenous infusion of 1 microgram per kilogram of body weight dexmedetomidine (Hospira, USA) in a 20 cc syringe over 10 minutes before blocks, airway nerve blocks by lidocaine (5 milligram per kilogram of body weight) DEX LOCAL group: infusion of 20 cc normal saline over 10 minutes before the above procedures, and 1 microgram per kilgram of body weight dexmedetomidine (Hospira, USA) added to the total volume of lidocaine (5 miligram per kilogram of body weight) used in blocks as an adjuvant . Intervention 1: Control group:airway nerve blocks by lidocaine (5 milligram per kilogram of body weight) and infusion of 20 cc normal saline over 10 minutes before the blocks. Intervention 2: DEX LOCAL group: infusion of 20 cc normal saline over 10 minutes before the above procedures, and 1 microgram per kilgram of body weight dexmedetomidine (Hospira, USA) added to the total volume of lidocaine (5 miligram per kilogram of body weight) used in blocks as an adjuvant . Intervention 3: DEX IV group: intravenous infusion of 1 microgram per kilogram of body weight dexmedetomidine (Hospira, USA) in a 20 cc syringe over 10 minutes before blocks, airway nerve blocks by lidocaine (5 milligram per kilogram of body weight). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: the quality of awake fiberoptic intubation. ; ‐ PRIMARY OUTCOME: Propofol consumption (milligrams per kilogram of body weight). Timepoint: at the time of reaching CSI score=75. Method of measurement: observation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Intubation scores. Timepoint: at the time of bronchoscopy and intubation. Method of measurement: observation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 18‐66 year old; ASA class 1 or 2; elective surgery; probable difficult airway; probable injury to cervical spine Exclusion criteria: ASA >3; history of any cardiac disease; history of hypertension; history of renal function impairment; history of liver function impairment; history of opiod/recreational drug abuse; using anti hypertension drugs; usig alpha adrenergic agonists or antagonists; history of any psychological disorders; pregnancy; NPO time less than 8 hours for solid food and less than 3 hours for clear fluids; baseline heart rate less than 60 beats per minute; emergent/urgent surgeries; overt coagulopathy or impaired coagulation tests; history of diabetes mellitus
 Niosomal Propolis as Oromucoadhesive Film: in-vitro, Ex-vivo & In-vivo Investigations;  The present study have been performed on a total of 24 patients suffering from RAU, they were divided into two groups each included 12 patients. The first group was treated by the propolis mucoadhesive film and the second group received the film without the active component (placebo group). Patients were recruited from the out‐patient clinic of the Faculty of Dentistry, British University in Egypt during a period of 6 months. Patients were subjected to thorough clinical examination and history obtaining in order to diagnose the oral ulcer by an oral medicine specialist, they were thoroughly informed about the study and only those with the oral ulcer within the first day to the third day of appearance were included in the present study. The exclusion criteria in the present study were the presence of systemic or local disease such as hepatitis, cardiac conditions, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, renal problems, mental disorders, AIDS and also the use of any immunosuppressive drugs or systemic corticosteroids during last three months or using steroid treatment locally in last month, also any nutritional supplements, folic acid or antioxidants, pregnancy and nursing. All patients were asked to avoid using antiseptics, antibiotics or analgesics, during the study as they might aid in curing the oral ulcers. Patients were blinded of receiving either propolis or placebo. They were warned about the potentiality of allergic responses that could happen to some people and that in case of occurrence of such side effect immediate termination of using the film should be implemented. The patients were first instructed how to apply the mucoadhesive film of 2 cm2 on the oral ulcer and pasted by applying a light force with the finger tip for 20 s, and then were asked to apply it two times per day and to refrain from eating for at least one hour after the film application on the oral ulcer. Patients were handed a checklist for monitoring the actual improvement of the clinical parameters which included; duration of disappearance of pain after film application (hours), duration of complete healing of the aphthous ulcer (weeks), onset of ulcer size reduction after film application (days), duration of propolis film adherence onto the oral mucosa (hours) and finally the level of patient satisfaction scaled from 1‐10. After total healing of the oral RAU, checklists were recollected from patients, the results were tabulated and statistical analysis were conducted.
 Multicentre, prospective, randomized, open-label, controlled study in de novo kidney transplant recipients to evaluate the impact of cyclosporine or steroid withdrawal at 3 months on graft function, patient and graft survival, and cardiovascular surrogate markers during the first five years after transplantation. - Cistcert;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Certican 0.25 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: EVEROLIMUS CAS Number: 159351696 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.25‐ Trade Name: Certican 0.50 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: EVEROLIMUS CAS Number: 159351696 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.50‐ Trade Name: Certican 0.75 mg Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: EVEROLIMUS CAS Number: 159351696 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.75‐ CONDITION: Preservation of renal function after kidney transplantation in a 5‐year, multicentre, prospective, randomized, open‐label, controlled study Patients will be randomized within 24 hours prior to transplantation. ? Group 1: Simulect + Neoral + Myfortic + steroid stop at 3 months ? Group 2: Simulect + Neoral (decrease dose in one week at mo 3 and replace by Certican) + Myfortic + steroid maintenance. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess if superior graft function (GFR difference of 10 ml/min) will be achieved at 1 year after transplantation in cohorts of de novo kidney transplant patients treated with Myfortic‐Certican plus steroids compared to Myfortic‐Neoral. Primary end point(s): graft function (GFR measured by 51 CrEDTA clearance) at 1 year Secondary Objective: 1. Efficacy variables:; To compare the evolution of graft function during the first 5 years post transplantation.; To compare the evolution of intragraft lesions (subclinical rejections, fibrosis, vasculopathy, and glomerular lesions) in protocol biopsies at baseline, and at one year.; To compare the number and severity of BPAR.; To compare patient and graft survival. ; ; 2. Safety variables:; To compare the incidence of malignancy.; To compare the incidence of MACES.; To compare the progression of atherosclerosis by means of exploration of carotid artery with doppler echography (thickness of intima/media, IMT).; To compare the evolution of left ventricular mass by echocardiography.; To compare the development of proteinuria.; To compare the safety profile by assessing the incidence of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, infections and bone marrow toxicity. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: ? Male or female recipients of a de novo kidney transplant, aged above 18 yrs. ? Women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with sensitivity equal to at least 50 mIU/ml. ? Patients must be capable of understanding the purpose and risks of the study, and must sign an informed consent form Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Symptom management for irritable bowel syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Procedure/Surgery : Intervention group : Subjects were blind‐folded, then moxibustion intervention will be applied to Guan Yuan(CV4) using 5 moxibustion plates for 20 minutes. At the same time, infra‐red was irradiated at abdomen. InterventionIntervention was conducted during 4 weeks total 8 times.(2times per week x 4 weeks) We will use moxibustion plate Dan Jeon Gu Hab(DongBang Acupuncture Inc, 463‐400 Korea, moxa cautery Charcoal Moxa Cone(DongBang Acupuncture Inc, 463‐400 Korea). The 1‐moxibustion group was treated with 3 moxa cautery in moxibustio plate. Control group : The subjects were blind‐folded then moxibustion intervention was applied to Guan Yuan(CV4) using sham moxibustion plates(polystyrene and insulator under the plate to block heat conduction) for 20 minutes. At the same time, infra‐red was irradiated at abdomen. Intervention was conducted during 4 weeks total 8 times.(2times per week x 4 weeks) We will use moxibustion plate Dan Jeon Gu Hab(DongBang Acupuncture Inc, 463‐400 Korea, moxa cautery Charcoal Moxa Cone(DongBang Acupuncture Inc, 463‐400 Korea). The 1‐moxibustion group was treated with 1 moxa cautery in moxibustio plate. CONDITION: Diseases of the digestive system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bowel Symptom Severity Scale(BSSS) score SECONDARY OUTCOME: Qi‐stagnation questionnaire score, temperature difference between Dan Zhong(CV17) and Chung‐wan(CV12) visceral sensitivity Questionnaire score Cold‐Heat Pattern Questionnaire Score Heart Rate Variability Irritable Bowel Syndrome Severity Scale–Korean Version INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) between 18 years and 30 years man and woman (2) repeated abdominal pain or discomfort(an uncomfortable sensation not described as pain) at least 3 times per month (3) associated with two or more of the following recent 3 months (a) Improvement with defecation (b) Onset associated with a change in frequency of stool (c) Onset associated with a change in form (appearance) of stool (4) 1 )Bristol Stool Chart Scale 6‐7)?25% 2) Bristol Stool Chart Scale 1‐2.)?25% (5) if women, negative in urine pregnancy test and agree with not being pregnant during clinical trial (6) not diagnosed with cardiovascular disease like hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia (7) recently body temperature not being over 38.5 celsius lasting at least 4 hours (8) those who sign in IRB approved consent and agree with clinical trial plan and follow‐up observation
 Vitamin D for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Clomiphene Resistant Women;  Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is considered one of the most common endocrine disorders affecting women in their reproductive age. Genetically it is thought to be involving defects in primary cellular control mechanisms resulting in expression of chronic anovulation and androgen excess. Being familial condition , some researches showed it is autosomal dominant while others thought it is complex trait with oligogenic basis. Diagnosing poly cystic ovary syndrome is based on finding two of three criteria according to Rotterdam consensus 2003 : oligo/anovulation, clinical/ biochemical signs of hyperandrogenism, ultrasound finding of polycystic ovaries. While insulin resistance which affects 50 ‐ 70 % of PCOS patients is considered to be the main reason for hyperandrogenic features, PCOS also leads to various health problems including metabolic disorders (obesity ‐ Diabetes Mellitus ‐ Cardiovascular diseases) in addition to menstrual irregularities and infertility . In PCOS women there is polymorphism in Vitamin‐D receptor (VDR) gene associated with vitamin D level in blood . This gene is isolated from the female reproductive organs . In VDR null mice; uterine hypoplasia, impaired folliculogenesis and infertility is noted . That's why it is thought to be contributing in the genomic regulation of reproduction. Several studies have investigated the effectiveness of Vitamin D supplementation to PCOS women they found that PCOS women have hypovitaminosis D3 , with increasing evidence that vitamin D affects insulin and glucose metabolism . vitamin D intake in PCOS women may improve hormonal profiles in addition to having anti‐inflammatory and anti‐oxidant effects . Another study concluded that Vitamin D and calcium supplementation to PCOS women have a positive effect on BMI, follicular maturation, regularity of menses, androgen related symptoms, infertility and insulin resistance . Moreover, Vitamin D has a crucial role in ovulation induction in women with PCOS. Vitamin D and calcium in combination with metformin have significant effect on menstrual regulation and follicular development. Insulin sensitizers such as metformin have been extensively investigated in the management of PCOS. Metformin decreases blood glucose levels by enhancing peripheral glucose uptake, decreasing intestinal glucose absorption and suppressing hepatic glucose levels. In anovulatory women with PCOS, metformin decreases insulin levels, luteinizing hormone (LH) production and circulating androgen levels. Clomiphene citrate is an estrogen agonist and antagonist. It works by competitively binding estrogen receptors in the thalamus and as it remains in place for an extended period of time, it depletes the body's estrogen concentration at the hypothalamic level. As the body perceives low levels of estrogen, gonadotropin‐releasing hormone (GnRH) is released which in turn stimulates pituitary release of follicle stimulating hormone ( FSH) which promotes follicular growth and maturation. If pregnancy is not achieved by 3‐6 cycles, other treatments should be considered.
 Comparison of therapeutic effects of metformin and simvastatin in PCOS;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Metformin, 1500 mg daily, orally for 3 months. Intervention 2: Simvastatin, 20 mg daily, orally for 3 months. Metformin, 1500 mg daily, orally for 3 months Simvastatin, 20 mg daily, orally for 3 months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: PCOS. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome Polycystic ovarian syndrome INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 20 to 40 years, having PCOS means: A ‐ clinical symptoms and / or biochemical parameters of hyperandrogenism + irregular mens, having normal levels of bilirubin, creatinine , BUN, SGOT , SGPT , TSH Exclusion criteria: Presence of congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hyperprolactinemia, Cushing's syndrome, androgen secreted by tumors, thyroid disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, history of cardiovascular disease, Using OCP and other steroid hormones or any drugs affecting ovarian function, insulin sensitivity or lipid profiles, Pregnancy, incidence of any adverse effects (liver and renal function tests elevation) during treatment PRIMARY OUTCOME: Acne. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Clinical Finding. BMI. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Weight to kilograms / the square of height in meters. BP. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: MmHg by using a mercury manometer. CRP. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. DHEAS. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and 3 months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Free testosterone. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. FSH. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. GTT. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. HDL, LDL. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Hirsutism. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Hirsutism score. Insulin sensitivity Index. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Irregular Mens. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Clinical Finding. LH. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Prolactin. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and 3 months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Serum Insulin. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. SHBG. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Total testosterone. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Triglycerides. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: Laboratory results. Weight. Timepoint: Before clinical trial and three months after. Method of measurement: By Digital Scale.
 To evaluate the effect & safety of two immunosuppresant drugs (Tacrolimus with Enteric coated Mycophenolate Sodium or Mycophenolate Mofetil) in new renal transplant recipients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: ERL080 (EC‐MPS‐ Enteric Coated Mycophenolate Soduim): 320 milligram twice daily or 720 milligram twice daily. Oral. Total duration of study will be 2 years and 3 months till June 2013. Drug usage will be until then. Control Intervention1: Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF): 500 milligram twice daily or 1000 milligram twice daily.Oral. Total duration of study will be 2 years and 3 months till June 2013. Drug usage will be until then. CONDITION: Renal Failure(ESRD)/De novo Renal Transplant PRIMARY OUTCOME: To evaluate the efficacy of equimolar Enteric coated Mycophenolate Sodium (EC‐MPS) versus Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) with reduced levels of tacrolimus, in de novo renal transplant recipients in terms of : ; # Calculated Glomerular Filtration rate ; # Serum creatinine change (%) ; # Composite efficacy failure rate (BPAR, graft loss, death)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. To evaluate graft and patient survival for equimolar Enteric coated Mycophenolate Sodium (EC‐MPS) versus Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) with reduced levels of tacrolimus, in de novo renal transplant recipients at 12 months post‐transplant.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 months 2. To evaluate the cumulative number (incidence) and severity of biopsy proven acute rejections (BPAR) for equimolar Enteric coated Mycophenolate Sodium (EC‐MPS) versus Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) with reduced levels of tacrolimus, in de novo renal transplant recipients at month 12 post‐transplant (Biopsy optional)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 months 3. To evaluate changes in cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure, blood sugar, lipid profile) for equimolar Enteric coated Mycophenolate Sodium (EC‐MPS) versus Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF) with reduced levels of tacrolimus, in de novo renal transplant recipients at 12 months post‐transplant.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 months 4. To evaluate the safety and tolerability with the immunosuppressive regimen in terms of: # Adverse events (e.g. Gastrointestinal side effects, Incidence of hypertension, anti‐hypertensive medication, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, anemia, leukopenia, thrombocytopenia, malignant disease, infections, etc) # Laboratory variables [Complete blood counts, Glucose control (FBG), Lipid profile ? cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol and triglyceride.]‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 12 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male or female de novo renal transplant recipients between 18 and 70 years of age. 2. Patients who are receiving a primary cadaveric donor or non‐HLA identical living donor kidney transplant (liver related haplograft). 3. Patients who have given written informed consent to participate in the study. 4. Females capable of becoming pregnant must have a negative pregnancy test prior to randomization and willing to use an effective means of contraception for the total study duration.
 Prostaglandin E2 compared with oxytocin for the induction of labour;  A comparison has been made between the effectiveness of infusing prostaglandin E(2) with Syntocinon for the induction of labour in the presence of intact membranes. Rapid titration schedules were used to induce an early uterine response. All 15 subjects receiving prostaglandin E(2) achieved cervical dilatation, whereas this occurred in only 9 out of 15 patients receiving Syntocinon.
 Minocycline Efficacy in Improving Neurological Outcome of Patients Who Undergo Endovascular Revascularization for Acute Ischemic Stroke;  Overall Design and Rationale for the Study Design The study will be a prospective, randomized, double‐ blinded placebo, single center pilot clinical trial. Patients with acute ischemic stroke due to large vessel occlusion undergoing endovascular thrombectomy will be included (please see section II ‐ Protocols, for detailed criteria of inclusion and exclusion). The treatment group will receive 200 mg intravenous/oral minocycline hydrochloride in addition to endovascular thrombectomy for a total of 21 days. The control group will receive standard medical and endovascular care along with a similar looking placebo. Patients will be randomized to the treatment or control group by the Pharmacy eliminating the selection bias. The patient and evaluator will be blind to the allocation of patients further minimizing the bias. Through randomization we expect to achieve two groups that are comparable in their baseline clinical characteristics. Justification of Dose The trial performed by Fagan et al showed minocycline to be safe in patients with acute ischemic stroke at doses as high as 10 mg/kg daily over 72 hours. However, they reported one dose‐limiting toxicity being observed at that dose 2. A study by Gordon et al on patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) showed that minocycline was tolerated well when the dose was at least 300mg daily. However, elevations of nitrogen and liver enzymes were noted over 6‐month treatment period 6. On the other hand, when 200‐400mg of IV minocycline was used for treatment of infectious disease, 18% of the patients reported at least some adverse effects, half of which were gastrointestinal in nature7. Considering the above studies, we will administer minocycline at a dose of 200 mg per day for 21 days. This dose is lower than the minimal safe dose reported by Fagan et al2 and does not go over the dose used for ALS or infectious diseases that resulted in some adverse effects. The dose has been used in previous clinical trials on stroke and has proven to be safe and effective. Pharmacokinetic studies have shown that minocycline has a half line approaching 24 hours permitting once daily dosing 2. Unlike previous trials which administered minocycline for 5 days our duration is prolonged i.e., 21 days. This is because of the fact that microglia is one of the main targets for minocycline8, 9. Microglia remain active for several days to weeks after an acute ischemic episode9. Therefore, it may be prudent to continue the drug for that duration. End of Study Definition A participant will be considered to have completed the study if he or she has completed all phases of the study's last clinical follow up up‐to three months. The trial will be concluded after the last participant has completed a 90 day follow up. II ‐ Protocols Strategies for Recruitment and Retention Patients will be screened upon presentation to the emergency room with symptoms of acute stroke. All patients considered to have acute ischemic strokes undergo a routine non‐contrasted head CT with a subsequent CT perfusion and CT angiogram. A neuroradiologist, a stroke neurologist and a neuroendovascular fellow (with a background training in neurosurgery, neurology or radiology) evaluate these three scans immediately. Based on this immediate screen, patients are triaged to appropriate treatment i.e., intravenous thrombolysis and or intra‐arterial in endovascular intervention based on CT angiography and CT perfusion imaging demonstrating salvageable brain tissue. We will exclude all patients with intracranial hemorrhage. Patients who meet the eligibility criteria for undergoing endovascular revascularization therapy will be presented the option to enroll in the study. An IRB approved informed consent will be obtained from either the patient if he/she can give consent or from an immediate family member or heath care proxy. Patient will then be randomized to intervention or placebo in 1:1 fashion. The randomization will be performed by pharmacy using interactive web response system. The pharmacy will maintain the coding for the patient and intervention given. Study Population To be eligible for inclusion in the trial patients must meet the following criteria; 1. provision of consent, either by self or authorized representative, willingness and ability to participate in study procedures 2. Acute onset focal neurologic deficit consistent with acute ischemic stroke, or computed tomographic scan consistent with acute cerebral ischemia 3. Age more than 18 years 4. Premorbid Rankin score ≤ 3 5. Treatment with intra‐arterial endovascular revascularization methods. 6. Patients should be given first dose of minocycline as soon as possible, latest by 24 hours after the endovascular stroke intervention All individuals meeting any of the exclusion criteria at baseline will be excluded from study participation: 1. Allergy/ Intolerance to tetracycline antibiotics 2. Pregnant women ‐ positive pregnancy test on admission or known to be pregnant 3. ALT or AST > 3 times the upper limit of normal 4. Serum creatinine > 2 mg/dL 5. Patient is participating in another clinical trial at any time during the duration of the study that could confound the treatment or outcomes of this investigation; and/or 6. Has a severe health condition that may potentially result in death within 6 months. Study Intervention Administration Minocycline or placebo will be administered to the patients within two hour before or after the endovascular procedure and continued for 21 days. Endovascular revascularization procedure will be performed as planned. Dosing and Administration Patients randomized to minocycline will receive 200mg administered once a day for 21 days. The first dose will be administered in the emergency room or the angiography suite prior to endovascular intervention or within the first two hours of endovascular stroke intervention. If the patient is considered able to swallow as per the routine swallow test, the study drug will be administered orally as intact capsules. If the patient is considered to be at any risk for aspiration or is unable to swallow based on swallowing evaluation, study drug may be started using intravenous route and later switched to oral or via feeding tube as it becomes available. Acquisition and Accountability Minocycline will be acquired from Kaleida Health Pharmacy. Minocycline and placebo will be prepared and distributed by the pharmacy responsible for providing medicine to the patients in the emergency department and/or angiography suite. Pharmacy shall be responsible for assessing the expiry date of the drug. Formulation, appearance, packaging, and labeling Minocycline 200 mg will be mixed with normal saline and given by IV administration, or provided as capsules for the patient to swallow. The placebo will be packaged in a look‐alike wrapping. The placebo will have same color and odor. It will not be possible to differentiate it from the placebo which will have same appearance as the drug. The packaging will be performed by the pharmacy. Product Storage and Stability The drug will be stored at the room temperature in the pharmacy. Discontinuation of Study Intervention If adverse effect is noticed while the patient is admitted, a neurologist will assess the patient and decide on the continuation or discontinuation of the intervention. A form will be filled out by that physician and reported to Dr. Siddiqui who is the PI for this trial. After discharge the patients will be provided a 24 hour emergency line and email of a designated nurse coordinator. The nurse will schedule a visit to the clinic or emergency room. For details on the assessment of adverse events and safety monitoring plan, please see section "Adverse event categorization and safety monitoring". Participant Discontinuation/Withdrawal from the Study Participants are free to withdraw from participation in the study at any time upon request. An investigator may discontinue or withdraw a participant from the study for the following reason; 1. Pregnancy 2. If the neurologist finds any clinical adverse event, laboratory abnormality, or other medical condition or situation occurs such that continued participation in the study would not be in the best interest of the participant. 3. If the participant meets an exclusion criterion (either newly developed or not previously recognized) that precludes further study participation. 4. Participant unable to receive the intervention for more than 72 hours. The reason for participant discontinuation or withdrawal from the study will be recorded on the Case Report Form (CRF). Subjects who sign the informed consent form and are randomized but do not receive the study intervention may be replaced. Subjects who sign the informed consent form, and are randomized and receive the study intervention, and subsequently withdraw, or are withdrawn or discontinued from the study, will not be replaced. Lost to Follow Up A participant will be considered lost to follow‐up if he or she fails to return for scheduled three months visit starting from the date of initiation of therapy and is unable to be contacted by the study site staff. The following actions will be taken if a participant fails to return to the clinic for a required study visit: ‐ The site will attempt to contact the participant and reschedule the missed visit within a week of missed appointment and counsel the participant on the importance of maintaining the assigned visit schedule and ascertain if the participant wishes to and/or should continue in the study. ‐ Before a participant is deemed lost to follow‐up, the investigator or designee will make every effort to regain contact with the participant (3 telephone calls and a certified letter to the participant's last known mailing address will be dispatched). These contact attempts will be documented in the participant's medical record or study file. ‐ Should the participant continue to be unreachable, he or she will be considered to have withdrawn from the study with a primary reason of lost to follow‐up. Follow‐up and assessment of clinical outcomes A 24h National Institute of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) examination will be recorded. MR imaging will be performed as part of routine care. Subsequent follow‐up visits will be scheduled at 7‐10 days after discharge, 30 days, and 90 days, and include the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) assessing global disability, the Barthel Index assessing instrumental activities of daily living, the NIHSS exam assessing neurologic deficit. The attending neurologist who will be blind to the treatment group will assess the patients on follow up. Primary outcome The primary study end‐point is the degree of disability or dependence at 90 days as assessed by the mRS shift. A global measure of disability, the mRS comprises of seven grades ranging from 0 (no symptoms) to 6 (death). The mRS will be assessed in a formally operationalized manner by use of the Rankin Focused Assessment ‐ Ambulation (RFA‐A). The 90‐day mRS will be assessed by study personnel certified in the scoring of the mRS using the RFA‐A and will be blinded to treatment assignment. Secondary outcomes The study secondary end‐points are: 1) NIHSS score at 24h; 2) mRS at discharge and 90 days; 3) Barthel Index at 7,30, and 90 days; 4) volume of cerebral infarction as measured by a CT or MRI scan within 72 hours post‐procedure. A routine MRI obtained within 72 hours after intervention and at 90 days will be used to calculate the infarct volume. The change in the size of infarct will be also be compared with the infarct size predicted by the pre procedure CT perfusion imaging. Study safety end‐points are: 1) all serious adverse events; 2) symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage; 3) any intracranial hemorrhage; 4) myocardial infarction; 5) liver function; 6) mortality and 7) rate of decompressive craniectomies in each group. NIHSS is a 15‐item impairment scale, intended to evaluate neurologic outcome and degree of recovery for patients with stroke. The scale assesses level of consciousness, extraocular movements, visual fields, facial muscle function, extremity strength, sensory function, coordination (ataxia), language (aphasia), speech (dysarthria), and hemi‐inattention (neglect)10, 11. The NIHSS was designed to assess differences in interventions in clinical trials, although its use is increasing in patient care as an initial assessment tool and in planning post‐acute care disposition10. The BI was developed in 196512 and later modified by Granger and coworkers13 as a scoring technique that measures the patient's performance in 10 activities of daily life. The BI is considered a reliable disability scale for stroke patients. The items can be divided into a group that is related to self‐care (feeding, grooming, bathing, dressing, bowel and bladder care, and toilet use) and a group related to mobility (ambulation, transfers, and stair climbing). The maximal score is 100 if 5‐point increments are used, indicating that the patient is fully independent in physical functioning. The lowest score is 0, representing a totally dependent bedridden state. Adverse events and safety monitoring Adverse event categorization A clinical events committee will validate and categorize the adverse events. This committee will comprise of three expert physicians. Relatedness categories will include: (1) study disease‐related: event clearly attributable to underlying disease state with no temporal relationship to the device, treatment, or medication; (2) concomitant disease‐related: event attributable to disease other than the study disease with no temporal relationship to the device, treatment, or medication; (3) IV tPA‐related: event clearly attributable to IV tPA medication with no temporal relationship to the device or treatment; (4) procedure‐related: event has strong temporal relationship to the procedure or treatment of the device implantation or any user handling; (5) Minocycline related: event has a strong temporal relationship to the minocycline and alternate etiology is less likely; (6) other; and (7) unknown. Patient safety is of paramount importance in this trial, and extensive sets of procedures are in place for monitoring adverse events in the trial. These procedures are as follows: 1. Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB). A Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) will meet every 3 months to review the progress of this study (e.g., enrollment, performance) and data on the safety. Before the study begins, the DSMB (in consultation with the study statisticians and principal investigator) will decide on the necessity of an interim analysis, and, if so, the timing of this analysis. Using guidelines established by the committee and the investigators before the study begins, the DSMB may recommend termination of the study if any of the endpoints exceeds pre‐established safety thresholds. Additionally, the DSMB may recommend modifications to the protocol if a reversible safety issue is identified. After each meeting, the DSMB Chair will prepare a letter to the study principal investigator, Dr. Adnan Siddiqui, which will describe the safety review that took place at the meeting and that indicates whether any safety concerns exist. 2. Medical Safety Monitor: We have also appointed a safety monitor for the study who will review all adverse events in the study as they occur and consult with the DSMB, if necessary. Before the study begins, the DSMB, after consulting with the study principal investigator and principal statistician will establish a plan for how the monitor will report safety concerns that arise during the trial. 3. Principal Investigator: Dr. Siddiqui will be informed of the DSMB's quarterly assessment of study performance and safety and any other safety issues detected by the Medical Safety Monitor. Additionally, Dr. Siddiqui will monitor any complications, any protocol violations, medication compliance, and risk factor management at the participating sites. If any problems are identified in these areas, Dr. Siddiqui will contact the concerned physicians to rectify the problem. 4. Project Coordinator: Every month, the project coordinator will compile a copy of the adverse event forms to review for events other than primary and secondary endpoints. The purpose of this review is to ensure that these events are recorded and reported and to look for any indications that more serious events may have not been reported. Drug Related Risks Minocycline is associated with a number of adverse reactions for which patients should be carefully monitored. Our plan to monitor patients according to each adverse reaction described in the drug label is listed below. Drug Rash with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS): during recruitment patients will be screened for any allergic reactions under the use of tetracycline class drugs in the past, either by direct interview with the patient in case of adequate mental status or interview with the family. If allergic reaction occurs during hospitalization, the drug will be discontinued immediately. Patients will also be monitored with complete blood count every 48h to assess for eosinophilia. If patients are discharged home prior to 21 days and continue receiving the drug, instructions will be given to immediately contact medical help in case of rashes, difficulty breathing, pruritus, edema or any other symptoms suggestive of an allergic reaction. Renal dysfunction: patients will be screened prior to recruitment to exclude those with significant renal function impairment. In those who are enrolled, laboratory assessment of BUN and creatinine levels will be performed every 48h during hospitalization to ensure renal function is under the normal range during treatment period. Photosensitivity: patients will be oriented to avoid exposure to sun while taking minocycline. Central nervous system side‐effects (lightheadedness, dizziness, vertigo or symptoms): as part of standard of care, patients who undergo endovascular thrombectomy at our institution are constantly monitored by a team including nurses, advanced care practitioners and physicians. Neurological assessment is performed twice a day during rounds to detect any clinical deterioration in these patients. Hepatotoxicity: patients will be screened prior to recruitment to exclude those with significant liver function impairment and structural compromise. Laboratory assessment of liver enzymes (AST and ALT) and bilirubin will be monitored every 72h during hospitalization. Laboratory tests mentioned above will also be performed at 7‐10 days visit. Protection of Patient Data Research material will include the patient's baseline clinical data (i.e., the patient's history and physical findings, medications), and the results of laboratory tests such as brain CT or MR imaging, CT angiography, electrocardiogram, and blood tests performed to determine the cause of the patient's stroke. Tests done during follow‐up as part of routine care such as lipid profile, hemoglobin A1C (if the patient is diabetic), brain CT or MR imaging (if a stroke is suspected), and electrocardiogram (if an MI is suspected) and events that occur as part of the follow‐up in the study will be recorded. The results of the 24‐48‐hours MRI and CTP‐CTA acquired as part of the study protocol will be collected. Patient data will be recorded on data forms and it will be stored in a secured database. Information collected during the trial that can be identified with an individual patient will remain confidential and will be disclosed only with the patient's permission. Specific care will be taken so that patient identification will not be disclosed inadvertently in publications that result from this trial (e.g., names on published CT or MRI scans will be covered). Sample Size Calculation We based our calculation on the clinical trial conducted by Kohler et al4. In order to achieve 80% power at 5% significance level in the Chi‐square test, 62 subjects are required for each group to detect a 20% proportion difference of % mRS ≤ 2 between two groups. Anticipating a loss of follow up of 10% we reached a final sample size of 67 per each group. Statistical analyses A descriptive analysis will performed. Continuous variables with normal distribution will be presented as means and standard deviation while medians and range will be used for skewed data. We will use percentage and proportions to present categorical data. The two groups will be compared for baseline clinical characteristics including age, gender, comorbidities, onset of stroke to intervention delay, NIH score at presentation and pre morbid mRS. We will also compare TICI scores for revascularization in each group. Independent T test will be used to compare continuous variable while chi square will be used to compare categorical data. All the secondary and safety outcomes will also be compared between the groups. Cochran‐Mantel‐Haenszel test will be conducted for the shift in Rankin scores. mRS will dichotomized into ≤ 2 and > 2 to estimate the proportion of disability free patients in each group. The odds ratio with 95% confidence interval will be calculated for an mRS ≤ 2 for patients on minocycline. A alpha error of more than 0.05 will be considered significant.
 Effects of feeding during the first months of life in post-natal health in babies born small for gestational age (SGA);  INTERVENTION: Newborns born SGA who will not be breastfed will be randomised to receive a regular or an enriched formula for 4 months. Assessments at birth, 15 days, 4, 12 and 24 months (sampling, dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry [DXA] and ultrasound). Regular formula: Fat: 28.9 g%; carhohydrates: 55.0 g%; proteins: 11.7 g% Enriched formula: Fat: 24.7 g%; carbohydrates: 54.9 g%; proteins: 14.5 g% Feeding is ad libitum and following the recommendations of the primary care paediatricians. This is usually every 3 hours the first month, and every 4 hours thereafter. No additional food is allowed until after month 4. CONDITION: Small for gestational age (SGA), adipokines, cardiovascular risk factors ; Pregnancy and Childbirth ; Slow foetal growth and foetal malnutrition PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body composition at age 15 days and at age 4, 12 and 24 months (DXA). SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Insulin; 2. IGF‐1; 3. Adipokines; 4. Visceral fat; ; Measured in cord blood, and in fasting samples at age 4, 12 and 24 months. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Maternally uncomplicated pregnancy (no gestational diabetes, no pre‐eclampsia, no use of alcohol, drugs or illicit substances), with delivery at Hospital Sant Joan de Déu in Barcelona 2. Birthweight AGA (between ‐1 and +1 SD) or SGA (between 1.8 kg and ‐2 SD) after a term gestation (37 ‐ 42 weeks) 3. Availability of cord serum 4. Ethnically Catalan background
 Effects of Vagus Nerve Electric Stimulation upon the autonomic nervous system, cardiac function and inflammation in patients with the Metabolic Syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Biological/vaccine Device Noninvasive Transcutaneous Vagus Nerve Electrical Stimulation Protocol (VNTES) We used a NEMOSR device (http://www.cerbomed.de/) to perform the NTVNS. Stimulation of the upper part of the concha of the ear (cymba conchae) was performed as stimulation of this location results in stronger activation of the vagal afferent pathway in the brainstem. The electrical stimulus has a pulse width of 500ms, 25 Hz pacing frequency and amplitude ranging from 0.1 to 5.0 miliAmpÃ¨re (mA). Stimulation was in the left ear of all patients with a continuous 30‐minute stimulation. In the Treatment Group (20 patients), the electrode was switched on and the amplitude was increased (mA 0.1 ‐ 5.0) until the subject identified the stimulus in a comfortable way. In the Control Group (10 patients), patients did not receive any treatment. Transcutaneous Electric Nerve Stimulation Vagus Nerve Stimulation CONDITION: Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 E00‐E90 Essential Hypertension Metabolic desorders; Systemic Arterial Hypertension; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus ; Metabolic disorders ; Essential Hypertension ; Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 Metabolic disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Autonomic Evaluation; The autonomic parameters of heart rate variability in time and frequency domains, sympathovagal balance and blood pressure variability were obtained and evaluated by detecting systolic events (peak) of the beat‐to‐beat SBP signal. Pulse interval (PI) was estimated by the interval between consecutive systoles. After visual inspection of all series obtained, regularization of the periodicity was performed by cubic spline interpolation (fi = 250 Hz) and, after this, the reduction of the number of points per decimation (18 times). Each heartbeat was identified through the use of an algorithm through the Matlab MT program (Welch method), which automatically detected the systolic events of the pressure wave, generating the spectral analysis results with the respective ranges of interest. The spectral power was integrated into three frequency ranges of interest (HF, LF, VLF) and the ratio between two of them (LF / HF) was performed to assess the autonomic balance.; Hemodynamic evaluation; Hemodynamic variables: systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), cardiac output (CD) and total peripheral resistance (TPR) were performed continuously and non‐invasive, beat by beat, with FinomiterÂ® pressure monitor.; ; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Endothelial cell quantification by flow cytometry. ; Metabolic assessment and proinflammatory cytokines. ; A venipuncture (approximately 20 ml) was performed to remove a blood sample for the measurement of the relevant exams. Sample processing was performed according to standard and routine method in the clinical analysis laboratory and specific for each substance: C‐Reactive Protein (PCR), Lipid Profile (Total Cholesterol), High Density Lipoproteins (HDL), Lipoproteins low density (LDL), Triglycerides, Thyroid function tests (free THS and T4), Liver function (TGO and TGP), fasting glucose and insulin. Women of childbearing potential have had a pregnancy test. ; Cytokine dosing (TNF alpha, IL‐6) was performed by enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assays (Quantikine HS ELISA ‐ High Sensitivity) using commercial kits (R&D Systems a biotechne brand). ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Elected individuals met all the criteria listed below: Diagnosis of Metabolic Syndrome based on newly established criteria ‐ three abnormal findings out of five qualify a person for the diagnosis of Metabolic Syndrome: Waist circumferential increase ( equal to or greater than 102cm in men; equal to or greater than 88cm in women); Increased triglycerides (equal to or higher 150 mg/dL); ; Flow cytometry was quantified by the percentage of endothelial progenitor cells (CPE); Circulating Endothelial Cells (ECC), Microparticles (MP) and Monocytes (Classic and Non‐Classic): Patients' blood was collected in an EDTA tube, then transferred 100ÂµL to cytometry tubes according to the antibody groups: anti‐CD14 (clasic monocyte); anti‐CD16 (non‐classical monocyte); anti‐CD31 (circulating endothelial cell); anti‐CD144 (microparticles) and anti‐CD309 (endothelial progenitor cell). 2ÂµL of the antibodies were pipetted into their respective groups and incubated in the dark at 4ÂºC for 30 minutes. After incubation, red blood cells were lysed according to the BD FACS Brand Lysing Solution reagent protocol (Catalog No. 349202), followed by centrifugation at 2,500 rpm for 10 minutes. The supernatant was discarded and the pellet resuspended in 2mL BSA, centrifuged again at 2,500 rpm for 10 minutes for the washing process. The supernatant was discarded and the final pellet resuspended in 200 Âµl BSA. Reduced HDL‐C (equal to or less than 40mg/dL in men; equal to or less than 50mg/dL in women); Increased blood pressure (systolic equal to or higher 130mmHg); and/or diastolic equal to or higher 85mm Hg); High fasting blood glucose (equal to or higher 100mg / dL); Patient declaration of stable weight and diet for at least six months until study entry; Normal renal function; Normal thyroid function; Able to declare written consent and compliance with study taxation along the study.
 A randomized,open-label,multicenter, parallel-group study of belatacept-based corticosteroid-free regimens in renal transplant - ND;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Belatacept Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for infusion* INN or Proposed INN: Belatacept Current Sponsor code: BMS‐224818 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Trade Name: THYMOGLOBULINE*1F 25MG+1F 5ML Pharmaceutical Form: Powder and solvent for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: rabbit anti‐human thymocyte immunoglobulin Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Trade Name: CELLCEPT*100CPS 250MG Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Mycophenolate mofetil Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2000‐ Trade Name: RAPAMUNE*100CPR RIV 1MG Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Sirolimus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Tacrolimus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: .2‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Tacrolimus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: .2‐ CONDITION: Subjects receiving a kidney transplant from a living donor or a deceased donor ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10038533 Term: Renal transplant PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Primary Objective: To assess the rate of AR in different corticosteroid‐free belatacept‐based immunosuppressive regimens in de novo renal transplant subjects by 6 months post‐transplant Primary end point(s): Primary Efficacy Outcome Measures:; ; ? Incidence of AR by 6 months post‐transplant. Secondary Objective: ? Severity, treatment, and outcome of AR by 6 months; ; ? Incidence of death and graft loss by 12 months; ; ? Incidence, severity, treatment, and outcome of AR by 12 months; ; ? Incidence of AR, death, and graft loss by 6 and 12 months; ; ? Incidence of metabolic and cardiovascular comorbidity (post‐transplant diabetes; ; mellitus [PTDM], dyslipidemias, hypertension) by 12 months; ; ? Renal function (calculated GFR) at 12 months; ; ? Proportion of subjects that remain corticosteroid‐free at 12 months; ; ? Incidence of discontinuation of study treatment by 12 months; ; ? Overall safety of a belatacept‐based corticosteroid‐free immunosuppressive; ; regimen. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Signed Written Informed Consent a) The subject is willing to provide signed written informed consent 2) Target Population a) The subject must be a recipient of a renal allograft from a living donor or a deceased donor b) The subject will have reliable i.v. access 3) Age and Sex a) Men and women, ages 18 to 70 years, inclusive b) Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must be using an adequate method of contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study [and for up to 8 weeks after the last dose of investigational product] in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is minimized. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 A randomized trial of early discharge and nurse specialist transitional follow-up care of high-risk childbearing women;  In a randomized clinical trial, quality of health care as reflected in patient outcomes and cost of health care was compared between two groups of high‐risk childbearing women: women diagnosed with diabetes or hypertension in pregnancy. The control group (N = 52) was discharged routinely from the hospital. The intervention group (N = 44) was discharged early using a model of clinical nurse specialist transitional follow‐up care. During pregnancy, the intervention group had significantly fewer rehospitalizations than the control group. For infants of diabetic women enrolled in the study during their pregnancy, low birth weight (< or = 2,500 g) was three times more prevalent in the control group (29%) than in the intervention group (8.3%). The postpartum hospital charges for the intervention group were also significantly less than for the control group. The mean total hospital charges for the intervention group were 44% less than for the control group. The mean cost of the clinical specialist follow‐up care was 2% of the total hospital charges for the control group. A net savings of $13,327 was realized for each mother‐infant dyad discharged early from the hospital.
 Closure Versus Non Closure of Subcutaneous Tissue After Cesarean Section in Diabetic Patients;  This is a randomized prospective comparative clinical study will be conducted in Ain Shams University, Maternity Hospital. This study will include a sample of (136) pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus who underwent elective Cesarean section. Patients will b divided into two groups: Group A (closure group): will include 68 pregnant women who underwent elective Cesarean section with closure of subcutaneous tissue. Group B (non closure group): will include 68 pregnant women who underwent elective Cesarean section without closure of subcutaneous tissue. • All participants in the study will have consent. All included women will be subjected to the following: 1. History Full history taking, (personal, present, past and obstetrics history). 2. Clinical examination including: General examination: 1. Assessment of vital data 2. Assessment of general condition. 3. Cardiac and chest examination, to exclude any contraindication for anesthesia. Abdominal examination: Assessment of fundal level for fetal dating, fetal lie and fetal heart sound. 3. Investigations: Laboratory Complete blood picture.‐ Random blood sugar. Ultrasonography: Fetal biometry for fetal dating and fetal viability. 4. All participants operated under general or spinal anesthesia. Prophylactic antibiotic is given according to the approved protocol of Ain Shams Maternity Hospital (as two intravenous doses of broad spectrum penicillin (after clamping of the umbilical cord and 12 hours postoperatively. Oral antibiotic of the same group was then started for 3‐5 days. 5.In group A (closure group)the subcutaneous fat will be closed with three to five interrupted sutures. The sutures were tied until the tissue was adequately re‐approximated, but not as hard as possible to avoid necrosis. In group B (non closure group) the subcutaneous fat will not sutured. 6.In all participants Skin to be closed by subcuticular stitches using absorbable polyglactin 910 suture 7. Dressing is removed after 48hours postoperatively, to be disinfected with alcohol 70% antiseptic solution daily in both groups. 8. The wound is to be inspected 48 hours, 7 days and one month after the cesarean section.
 Evaluation of Belatacept as First-line Immunosuppression in De Novo Liver Transplant Recipients Revised Protocol Number 04, incorporating Amendments 02, 03, 04 and 05 (version 10.0 dated 20-Nov-09) + Pharmacogenetics Blood Sample Amendment Number 01 - Site Specific, version 2.0 dated 20-Jul-07;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: BELATACEPT Product Code: BMS‐224818 Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Belatacept Current Sponsor code: BMS‐224818 Other descriptive name: LEA29Y Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Injection* Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use Product Name: BELATACEPT Product Code: BMS‐224818 Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Belatacept Current Sponsor code: BMS‐224818 Other descriptive name: LEA29Y Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Injection* Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use Trade Name: Simulect Pharmaceutical Form: Powder and solvent for solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Basiliximab Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Injection* Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use Trade Name: CellCept Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: mycophenolate mofetil Other descriptive name: MMF Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 250‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Tacrolimus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.5‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Tacrolimus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Tacrolimus Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: CellCept Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: mycoph CONDITION: First time recipient of a deceased donor liver transplant ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10024714 Term: Liver transplant ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10062016 Term: Immunosuppression PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the effects of belatacept‐based immunosuppression, relative to tacrolimus, on the incidence of AR (clinically suspected and biopsy‐proven), graft loss and death by 6 months ; ; Long‐Term Extension (Protocol Amendment 3):; To assess the long‐term safety and tolerability of a belatacept‐based immunosuppressive regimen in subjects who have received a liver transplant and completed study treatment through week 52. Primary end point(s): Primary Efficacy Outcome Measure: ; • Triple composite of AR (clinically suspected and biopsy proven), graft loss and death by 6 months ; Secondary Efficacy Outcome Measures: ; • The composite of subject and graft survival by 6 and 12 months ; • The triple composite of AR, graft loss and death by 12 months ; • Incidence, severity, treatment and outcome of AR by 3, 6 and 12 months ; • Change in renal function over time ; • Pharmacokinetic (PK) characteristics of belatacept ; • Incidence of HCV recurrence by 6 and 12 months ; • Incidence of metabolic and cardiovascular comorbidity (post‐transplant diabetes mellitus [PTDM], dyslipidemia, hypertension) by 12 months ; • Overall safety of belatacept based regimens ; ; Long‐Term Extension (Protocol Amendment 3):; ‐ Primary Outcome Measure:; Overall safety of a belatacept‐based immunosuppressive regimen; ‐ Secondary Outcome Measures:; • The composite of subject and graft survival; • The triple composite of AR, death and graft loss; • Incidence, severity, treatment and outcome of AR; • Change in renal function; • Pharmacokinetic (PK) characteristics of belatacept; • Incidence of HCV recurrence; • Incidence of metabolic and cardiovascular comorbidity ; • Incidence of discontinuation of study treatment Secondary Objective: To evaluate the effects of belatacept, relative to tacrolimus, on: ; • The composite of subject and graft survival by 6 and 12 months ; • The triple composite of AR, graft loss and death by 12 months ; • Incidence, severity, treatment and outcome of AR by 3, 6 and 12 months ; • Change in renal function over time ; • Pharmacokinetic (PK) characteristics of belatacept ; • Incidence of HCV recurrence by 6 and 12 months ; • Incidence of metabolic and cardiovascular comorbidity (post‐transplant diabetes mellitus [PTDM], dyslipidemia, hypertension) by 12 months ; • Overall safety ; ; Long‐Term Extension (Protocol Amendment 3):; To assess the above listed effects of belatacept, relative to tacrolimus, in the long‐term treatment and to evaluate the incidence of discontinuation of study treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Signed Written Informed Consent a) The subject is willing to provide signed written informed consent 2) Target Population a) The subject is a first‐time recipient of a deceased donor liver transplant 3) Age and Sex a) Men and women, ages 18 to 70 years, inclusive Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must be using an adequate method of contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study and for up to 56 days after the last dose of investigational product in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is minimized. WOCBP include any female who has experienced menarche and who has not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or is not postmenopausal. Post menopause is defined as: • Amenorrhea = 12 consecutive months without another cause or • For women with irregular menstrual periods and on hormone replacement therapy (HRT), a documented serum follicle s
 What improves the symptoms of nausea and vomiting in pregnancy better alongside IV rehydration: ondansetron vs placebo or metoclopramide vs placebo?;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Metoclopramide MCP‐ratiopharmÂ® SF 10 mg / 2 ml injection solution Product Name: Metoclopramide MCP‐ratiopharmÂ® SF 10 mg / 2 ml injection solution Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Metoclopramide CAS Number: 364‐62‐5 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection Route of administration of the placebo: In vitro use (Noncurrent) Trade Name: Metoclopramide 10mg Tablets Product Name: Metoclopramide 10mg Tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Metoclopramide CAS Number: 364‐62‐5 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Ondansetron 2mg/ml Solution for injection Product Name: Ondansetron 2mg/ml Solution for injection Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Ondansetron CAS Number: 99614‐02‐5 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use Trade Name: Ondansetron 4mg Film‐Coated Tablets Product Name: Ondansetron 4mg Film‐Coated Tablets Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Ondansetron CAS Number: 99614‐0 CONDITION: Nausea and Vomiting in pregnancy Hyperemesis gravidarum Therapeutic area: Body processes [G] ‐ Reproductive physiologi cal processes [G08] SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): The secondary endpoints for the EMPOWER study are as follows:; ; Participant reported symptom severity: The PUQE score will be used to assess severity of symptoms. The scale quantifies the amount of nausea, vomiting and retching experienced over the previous 24 hours. The PUQE score will be collected at baseline, 48 hours, 5 days and 10 days post treatment commencing.; ; Participant reported severity of nausea: We will use a visual analogue score (VAS) for nausea alongside the PUQE symptoms severity score to examine more subtle changes in nausea. The VAS asks participants to rate, on a scale of 0‐10 where 10 is the worst possible nausea you could feel, how bad their nausea is now. The VAS score will be collected at baseline, 48 hours, 5 days and 10 days post treatment commencing.; ; NVPQOL: The Health‐Related Quality of Life for Nausea and Vomiting during Pregnancy (NVPQOL) provides a total score and those in 4 domains (physical symptoms and aggravating factors; fatigue; emotions; limitations). The NVPQOL will be collected at baseline and 10 days post treatment commencing. Of primary interest will be the total NVPQOL score.; ; Anxiety, depression and social support: These parameters will be measured using the following scales which are validated for use in pregnancy:; Edinburgh Post‐natal Depression Scale (EPDS).; State Trait Anxiety Inventory [STAI]:; Maternity Social Support scale:; Data will be collected as the total EPDS score (depression) and total STAI score (anxiety) at baseline and 10 days. The total maternal social support scale score will be reported at baseline.; ; Clinical indicators of anti‐emetic effectiveness; (a) The number of participants experiencing a treatment failure (as per primary endpoint) at 48 hours; (b) Relapse rate at 5 and 10 days (defined as a PUQE score of = 6 at 48 hours followed by an increase to > 12 at 5 / 10 days); (c) Remission rate at 10 days (defined as a PUQE score of = 6 at 48 hours with return to persistent symptoms [PUQE score 7‐12] at 10 days); (d) Readmission rates (the number of participants readmitted with NVP within 10 days of recruitment and between 10 days of recruitment and 20 weeks of pregnancy); (e) Total in‐patient days related to NVP between recruitment and 20 weeks of pregnancy and between 20 weeks of pregnancy and delivery; (f) Additional antiemetic use; ; Side effects and adverse events: Participants will be asked about the occurrence of the most common side effects of each drug identified from previous research. Those indicating the presence of a specific side effect will be asked to grade severity using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE). Participants will also be asked about any other suspected adverse events. Adverse events will be reported by grade (including no occurrence for pre‐specified side effects) at 48 hours, 5 days and 10 days and as the worst grade reported over the 10 day period.; ; Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: The number of women reporting miscarriage, termination of pregnancy and stillbirth will be reported. For each infant born, the mode of delivery, gestational age at delivery, birth weight and number of infants born small for gestational age (SGA) will also be reported. SGA refers to an infant born with a birth weight less than the 10th centile, customised for maternal characteristics (maternal height, weight, parity and ethnic group) as well as gestational age at delivery and infant sex. Information on congenital anomalies detected prior to discharge will be collected by the research teams at site via review of participant medical records and provided to the UK Teratology Information Service (UKTIS). In the case of multiple births, this information will be collected for each infant. Participants will also be asked if they would be willing to provide information directly to UKTIS via their Bumps website online reporting tool however this is not mandatory. The participant will use their unique participant trial identifier to provide information and no identifiable data will be collected via the online tool.; ; Key economic outcomes (detailed in Economic Analysis section) include: (a) Costs to the NHS, women and their families; (b) Willingness to pay for the benefits of antiemetic treatment; (c) Incremental cost per additional successful treatment and incremental net‐benefit.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The timepoints of this evaluation are between baseline and post birth. PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary Objective: The inclusion criteria for the EMPOWER study are as follows:; ; â€¢ Pregnant women suffering from severe NVP; â€¢ Gestation =16 6/7 weeks (16 weeks 6 days); â€¢ Taken first line antiemetic treatment (cyclize, chlorpromazine, promethazine or prochlorperazine as recommended by the RCOG [10]), as prescribed i.e. full course taken by participant in the current pregnancy with no sustained improvement in symptoms (over a minimum of 24 hours use); â€¢ Age =18 years; â€¢ Able to give informed consent; â€¢ Able to read/understand written English; Main Objective: To determine whether, in addition to IV rehydration, ondansetron vs placebo ondansetron and metoclopramide vs placebo metoclopramide reduces the rate of treatment failure up to 10 days after initiation. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint is the number of participants experiencing a treatment failure. Treatment failure is defined as the need for further treatment as a participantâ€™s symptoms have worsened between 12 hours and 10 days post treatment initiation. If further treatment is required a participant should be placed on a third line antiemetic treatment i.e. high dose ondansetron or corticosteroids. Participants cannot be given metoclopramide or low dose ondansetron as third line antiemetic treatment initiation. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The timepoints of this evaluation are between 12 hours and 10 days post treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The exclusion criteria for the EMPOWER study are as follows: â€¢ Allergy/hypersensitivity to any of the study drugs â€¢ Prior treatment with the study drugs in this pregnancy â€¢ Pre‐existing diagnosis of medical condition: type 1 and 2 diabetes, chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 3‐5, Gravesâ€™ disease, significant cardiac disease (including long QT syndrome), phaeochromocytoma, epilepsy (or other seizure disorder). â€¢ Moderate renal impairment (known CKD 3b/4/5 or Cr > 100 in pregnancy) â€¢ Severe liver impairment (ALT / AST > 150) â€¢ Severe diarrhoea (definition >10 loose, watery stools in a day (24 hours))* â€¢ Hypokalaemia** â€¢ Vomiting caused by another underlying condition/infection â€¢ Concomitant use of apomorphine, serotonergic drugs (e.g. selective serotonin r
 Pleiotropic Effects of Dapagliflozin in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndromes;  Study design: Single‐center, prospective, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐group clinical study. Primary Outcome: To compare platelet aggregation in the dapagliflozin and placebo groups by the Multiplate Analyzer® test (using ADP as an agonist) in hospitalized patients with a diagnosis of AMI within seven days of evolution, using dual antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and an anti‐platelet ADP, 48 ± 12 hours after starting dapagliflozin/placebo treatment. Due to the rapid oral absorption of the medication, reaching maximum plasma concentration after 2 hours and as its pharmacokinetics does not change with food or other concomitant medications, our hypothesis is that there may be an antiplatelet effect that can be detected early Other exploratory analyses: 1. compare B‐type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and troponin biomarkers between dapagliflozin and placebo groups at 30 (± 5) days after randomization; 2. Correlation between levels of ultrasensitive C‐reactive protein (us‐CRP) and platelet aggregability; 3. Compare hsCRP levels in dapagliflozin and placebo groups at 30 (± 5) days; 4. Compare the size of the AMI assessed by peak CK‐MB mass and troponin in the dapagliflozin and placebo groups; 5. Compare the behavior of glycemia in the dapagliflozin and placebo groups, taking into account the following parameters: calculation of the glycemic mean (±SD) of capillary blood glucose tests (remote laboratory tests) during 48 hours after randomization; incidence of hypoglycemia (blood glucose below 70 mg/dl) and severe hypoglycemia (glycemia below 40 mg/dl) during hospitalization; calculation of the average insulin used during 48 hours after randomization; 6. Compare, in the dapagliflozin and placebo groups, the levels of creatinine, urea and hematocrit analyzed immediately after randomization and before starting treatment, and 30 (± 5) days after randomization; 7. Test of lipid transfer from artificial nanoemulsion to HDL in dapagliflozin and placebo groups at inclusion and at 30 (± 5) days after randomization: EDTA plasma samples in a volume of 200 μL will be incubated with 50 μL nanoemulsion artificial in 3H‐cholesteryl‐esters and 14C‐phospholipids or with free 14C‐cholesterol and 3H‐triglycerides. After 1h in agitation of the bath at 37 ºC, the precipitation reagent consisting of 250 μL of the solution with 0.02% dextran sulfate (50,000 MW) and 0.3 mol / L of MgCl2 will be added to the incubation, which will then be mixed for 30 seconds and centrifuged for 10 min (3000g). Finally, 250 μL of the supernatant is transferred to counting vials containing 5 μL of scintillation solution (Packard BioScience, Groeningen, The Netherlands) and the radioactivity measured with a Packard model TR 1600 liquid scintillation analyzer (Palo Alto, CA). Blank plasma samples will be replaced by 200 μL of TRIS solution. The radioactive transfer results from the nanoemulsion to HDL will be expressed as % of the total incubated radioactivity found in the supernatant containing HDL. 8. Compare the diuresis obtained during 48 hours after randomization in the Coronary Intensive Care Unit, in the dapagliflozin and placebo groups. 9. Compare, in the dapagliflozin and placebo groups, autonomic modulation, vascular autonomic control and assessment of baroreflex control by means of a 10‐minute electrocardiogram, after inclusion and before the start of treatment, and 30 (± 5) days after randomization . Analyze the primary objective of the study in the following pre‐specified subgroups: 1. obese (BMI ≥ 30 Kg/m2) and non‐obese; 2. male and female sex; 3. elderly (≥ 65 years) and non‐elderly; 4. smokers and non‐smokers; 5. time since diagnosis of diabetes (≥ or < 10 years); 6. basal blood glucose ≥ 125 mg/dL and < 125 mg/dL; 7. glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) ≤ 9.0% and > 9.0%; 8. use of clopidogrel or ticagrelor; 9. treatment performed for the acute coronary event: percutaneous coronary intervention or clinical treatment; 10. ejection fraction ≤ 40% and > 40%. 11. Diabetics and non‐diabetics 12. Onset of symptoms ≤ 72 hours and > 72 hours Study plan: Eligible patients will be enrolled within the first seven days of symptom onset. After signing the Informed Consent Form, laboratory tests will be collected, as previously specified in the methodology. Subsequently, patients will be randomized to use dapagliflozin or placebo in a double‐blind manner. Randomization will be performed using the Graphipad® program, with distribution of numbered vials containing the study medication (dapagliflozin 10 mg tablets or placebo‐equivalent), randomly between the two groups. All patients must be using dual antiplatelet therapy and the results will be stratified by the type of treatment performed for AMI. Study medication, once initiated, will be maintained until the final platelet assessment, scheduled for 30 days, is performed. The other medications, including other oral antidiabetics and insulin, will be used according to the institution's routines, except for prohibited medications, as stated in the exclusion criteria. After the end of the study, the sealed envelopes will be opened to identify the blinding codes. Glycemic control: According to institutional routines, the cut‐off value of 140 mg/dL will be used in two sequential capillary blood glucose levels as the threshold for starting treatment with subcutaneous insulin. Patients whose diabetes control is not adequate, as evidenced by a capillary blood glucose value maintained greater than 250 mg/dL, will receive the intravenous insulin protocol, also in accordance with the institutional routines (summary below).The HbA1c target will be of < 7.5%. Inclusion criteria: 1. Men and women aged ≥ 18 years (women of childbearing age must have a negative pregnancy test) 2. In routine use of dual antiplatelet therapy with ASA plus an ADP receptor antagonist, according to institutional routines; 3. Acute myocardial infarction, with or without ST‐segment elevation (STEMI/NSTEMI) defined according to the 4th Universal Definition of Acute Myocardial Infarction, with up to 7 days of evolution from the onset of symptoms; 4. Signature of the Free and Informed Consent Term. Exclusion criteria: 1. Current or recent (within 24 months) treatment with pioglitazone and/or use of pioglitazone for a total of 2 years or more during a lifetime at any time; 2. Current or recent (within 12 months) treatment with rosiglitazone; 3. Chronic use (>15 consecutive days) of any SGLT2 inhibitor at the time of hospitalization; 4. Chronic use (>30 consecutive days) with an oral steroid at a dose equivalent to prednisolone ≥10 mg (eg, betamethasone ≥1.2 mg, dexamethasone ≥1.5 mg, hydrocortisone ≥40 mg) per day; 5. systolic BP > 180 or diastolic BP > 100 mmHg at randomization; 6. Diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes mellitus, MODY (maturity onset diabetes of the Young) or diabetes mellitus secondary to diverse endocrinopathy, pancreatic resection, medication, pancreas neoplasia or chronic pancreatitis; 7. History of bladder cancer or history of radiation therapy to the lower abdomen or pelvis at any time; 8. History of any other malignancy within 5 years (with the exception of skin cancers successfully treated non‐melanoma); 9. Chronic cystitis and/or recurrent urinary tract infections (3 or more in the last year); 10. Any condition that, in the opinion of the Investigator, may render the research participant unfit to complete the study, including, but not limited to, cardiovascular disease (KILLIP > 2, modified Forester > IIa,recurrent ventricular arrhythmias) or non cardiovascular (eg, active malignancy other than basal cell carcinoma, cirrhosis, chronic lung disease, severe autoimmune disease); 11. Pregnancy or lactation; 12. Active participation in another clinical trial 13. Patients with septic shock or severe glycemic decompensation requiring the use of IV insulin at the time of randomization; 14. TGP/ALT(Alanine Amino Transferase) >3x the upper limit of normality (ULN) or total bilirubin >2.5 x ULN; 15. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (GFR) < 45 ml/min/1.73m² , calculated by MDRD, or kidney transplant; 16. Known thrombophilias or thrombocytosis; 17. Blood dyscrasias or any disorder that causes hemolysis, previously known; 18. Hematological abnormality (Hb ≤ 11g/dL or > 17g/dL, leukocytes ≤ 4500/mm³ or >11000/mm³, platelet count <150,000/mm³ or > 450,000/mm³) Casuistry: To calculate the sample size, the following assumptions were taken into account consideration : 1. Aggregability of 482.61 ± 231.82 (area under the curve AUC) in a previous study of patients with ACS using dual antiaggregation therapy with AAS and clopidogrel; 2. estimated difference of 33% less in the dapagliflozin group (323.35 ± 231.82 AUC); 3. alpha of 0.05 and statistical power of 80%. Based on this information, the sample size was calculated at 70 patients, and in order to compensate for any follow‐up losses, 80 patients (40 in each group) will be included in this project.
 EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF ZOFENOPRIL + HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE COMBINATION VS. IRBESARTAN + HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE COMBINATION IN ESSENTIAL HYPERTENSIVE PATIENTS NOT CONTROLLED BY PREVIOUS MONOTHERAPY + AMENDMENT 1 (VERSION FINAL, DATED 07.11.2008);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: BIFRIZIDE Product Name: ZOFENOPRIL 30 MG + HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE 12.5 MG Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: ZOFENOPRIL CAS Number: 81872108 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 30‐ INN or Proposed INN: HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE CAS Number: 58935 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule* Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: BIFRIL Product Name: ZOFENOPRIL 30 MG Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: ZOFENOPRIL CAS Number: 81872108 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 30‐ Trade Name: COAPROVEL Product Name: IRBESARTAN 150 MG + HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE 12.5 MG Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: IRBESARTAN CAS Number: 138402116 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ INN or Proposed INN: HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE CAS Number: 58935 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule* Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: APROVEL Product Name: IRBESARTAN 150 MG Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: IRBESARTAN CAS Number: 138402116 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ CONDITION: ESSENTIAL HYPERTENSION ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10015488 Term: Essential hypertension PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine whether the combination zofenopril + hydrochlorothiazide is at least effective as the irbesartan + hydrochlorothiazide combination in reducing office sitting diastolic blood pressure after 18 weeks of double‐blind treatment in essential hypertensive patients not controlled by previous monotherapy with ACE‐inhibitor or AT1‐antagonist or diuretic or calcium antagonist or beta‐blocker and with one or more additional cardiovascular risk factors (smoking, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus, abdominal obesity, family history of premature cardiovascular disease) Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy variable will be the office sitting diastolic blood pressure change at double‐blind period study end (18 weeks – baseline). Secondary Objective: Secondary objectives will be the assessment of the efficacy of the two drug combinations after 18 weeks of double‐blind treatment on office systolic blood pressure, on ambulatory blood pressure, on hs‐CRP and on office sitting blood pressure after 32 weeks of treatment in patients who perform the extension phase INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Outpatients aged 18‐75 years • Male and female gender (females of childbearing potential must be using adequate contraceptive precautions such as implants, injectables, combined oral contraceptives, intrauterine devices, sexual abstinence or vasectomised partner) • Females of childbearing potential or within two years from the menopause must have a negative urine pregnancy test • Patients with essential hypertension currently taking one antihypertensive medication (ACE‐inhibitor, AT1‐antagonist, diuretic, calcium antagonist, beta‐blocker) and not adequately controlled (office mean DBP = 90 mm Hg) • One or more additional cardiovascular risk factors among: ‐ Smoking ‐ Total cholesterol >5.0 mmol/l (190 mg/dL) or on specific drug treatment ‐ LDL cholesterol >3.0 mmol/l (115 mg/dL) or on specific drug treatment ‐ HDL cholesterol <1.0 mmol/l (40 mg/dL) in males; <1.2 mmol/ (46 mg/dL) in females, or on specific drug treatment ‐ Diabete
 Does conversion to Nulojix reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in kidney transplant recipients?;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Nulojix Product Name: Nulojix Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for concentrate for solution for infusion Pharmaceutical Form: CONDITION: Prophylaxis of graft rejection in adults who have received a renal transplant ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10050436 Term: Prophylaxis against renal transplant rejection System Organ Class: 100000004865 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary end‐points are the comparisons between treatments arms for:; • individual components of CV risk in RTR: blood pressure, fasting lipid profiles, fasting glucose and eGFR. ; • vascular function measured by EndoPAT. ; • biomarkers of ageing (bio‐ageing) in RTR: leukocyte telomere length, CDKN2A levels, leukocyte RNA expression profile. ; • biomarkers for CV risk factors in RTR measured by Proximity Ligation Assay, ELISA, multicoloured FACS analyses (Dutch sites only), SDF Imaging (Dutch sites only) and miRNA measurements; • renal transplant biopsy IFTA scores (Banff criteria) ; • expression of graft fibrosis markers, and other measures of chronic renal transplant markers in kidney biopsies ; • acute rejection ; • allograft losses ; • CV events occurring during the study, i.e.; o cardiovascular death (due to myocardial infarction (MCI), heart failure or stroke),; o non fatal MCI ; o non fatal stroke ; o hospitalization due to congestive heart failure ; o hospitalization due to angina pectoris ; o coronary intervention ; • patient survival ; • safety and tolerability Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At one year after randomization or for patients discontinuing the study before one year, the last available data will be used in the analysis of the ITT population. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Signed Written Informed Consent 2. Target Population: 2.a Renal transplant recipients of living donor or deceased donor kidney transplant. 2.b Stable renal graft (eGFR > 20 ml/min) with no need for exploratory examination) 2.c Tacrolimus or CsA (Cyclosporine A) standard treatment since transplantation 2.d 3 – 60 months post‐transplantation at randomization 3. Age and Sex: 3.a Men and women, aged 18 to 80 years, both inclusive 3.b Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must be using adequate method of contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study and for up to 8 weeks after the last dose of study drug to minimize the risk of pregnancy. WOCBP include any woman who has experienced menarche and who has not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or who is not post‐ menopausal. Post‐menopause is defined as: •Amenorrhea that has lasted for 12 consecut PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective is to compare cardiovascular(CV) risk estimated by a renal transplant specific CV calculator in renal transplant recipients (RTR) randomized to belatacept or CNI‐based immunosuppression. Primary end point(s): The primary end‐point is the estimated risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE). The natural logarithm of the estimated CV risk for MACE will be calculated as previously described by Soveri et al. (2012) as a linear function of the following variables: age, previous coronary heart disease, smoking, serum creatinine, diabetes mellitus, LDL‐cholesterol and number of transplants. ; Secondary Objective: •Comparison of individual components of CV risk in RTR randomized to belatacept (BEL) vs. CNI‐based immunosuppression – blood pressure, fasting lipids & glucose and eGFR. •Differences in vascular function measured by EndoPAT in CNI treated patients vs. patients switched to BEL. •Changes in biomarkers of ageing in CNI treated patients vs. patients switched to BEL. Incl. peripheral markers (leukocyte telomere length, CDKN2A) and RNA expression profiling in peripheral blood leukocytes. •Changes in biomarkers associated with CV risk factors in CNI treated patients vs. patients switched to BEL measured by Proximity Ligation Assay, ELISA, multicolored FACS analyses (Dutch sites only), SDF Imaging (Dutch sites only) and miRNA measurements. •Analyses of transplant biopsies in a subset of patients (histology, RNA expression) targeting chronic allograft nephropathy in CNI treated patients vs. patients switched to BEL. •Safety analyses – AEs, mortality, rejection episodes and graft losses.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary endpoint will be a comparison of the log of the estimated CV risk between treatment groups (CNI vs. belatacept based immunosuppression) at one year. ; ; For patients discontinuing the study before one year, the last available estimate of CV risk will be used in the analysis of the ITT population.
 The influence of in utero exposure to metformin on body composition and cardiovascular phenotype in offspring; Metformin in obese non diabetic pregnant women (MOP) follow up;  Background/Basics: Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain have been associated with childhood obesity and long term adverse cardiometabolic outcome. In utero exposure to metformin in the MOP trial was associated with reduced gestational weight gain but had no influence on offspring birthweight. However, it remains unknown whether in utero metformin exposure can have long term influences on body composition and cardiovascular profile in the offspring. Methods: Our study population consisted of 151 children from the MOP trial. Body composition was assessed by weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, skinfold thickness and bioim‐pendance device (BIA‐Biotekna) to estimate fat mass (FM), and free fat mass (FFM). Peripheral systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were measured. Central aortic systolic (aSBP) and diastolic blood pressures (aDBP) were measured by Vicorder device using transfer function. Pulse pressure was calculated. Aortic pulse wave velocity between carotid to femoral segments was also assessed by Vicorder. Results: The mean age of children was 3.9+/‐1.0 years (76males, 75 females). From this cohort, 77 children were exposed to met‐formin. All body composition measurements were comparable between groups apart from gluteal circumference which was lower in metformin exposed group (56.7+/‐6.6 vs 58.9+/‐5.6cm in metformin vs placebo group, p<0.05). SBP and DBP were comparable between groups. Peripheral pulse pressure was marginally reduced in metformin exposed group compared to placebo (35.9+/‐5.01 vs 37.5+/‐5.5mmHg, p: 0.07). Central aSBP and pulse pressure were lower in children who were exposed to met‐formin compared to placebo (94.1+/‐6.9 vs 96.3+/‐6.9mmHg, p<0.05) respectively. Aortic pulse pressure was also lower in met‐formin exposed children compared to placebo (33.6+/‐4.9 vs 35.5+/‐5.2 mmHg, p<0.05) respectively. Aortic pulse wave velocity was comparable between groups. Conclusion: This data suggests that in utero exposure to metformin does not have a beneficial effect on body composition in childhood. Central haemodynamics (aortic SBP and pulse pressure) were lower in metformin exposed group. As increases in central blood pressure have been associated with adverse cardiovascular outcome, longitudinal follow up is needed to assess whether met‐formin associated changes in central haemodynamics can translate in long term cardiovascular benefit.
 Large, Simple Trial Comparing Two Strategies for Management of Anti-Retroviral Therapy (The SMART Study) - SMART;  INTERVENTION: Pharmaceutical Form: CONDITION: HIV infection INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Signed informed consent 2. Evidence of HIV infection (positive ELISA and Western Blot and/or documented history of measurable HIV RNA) 3. Age > 13 years (in effect 18 years at most sites) 4. Current CD4+ cell count > 350 cells/mm3 (within 45 days prior to randomization) 5. Willing to initiate, modify, or stop antiretroviral therapy, in accordance with the randomized assignment 6. If participating in sexual activity that could lead to pregnancy, willingness to use acceptable contraception methods Are the trial subjects under 18? yes Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare the drug conservation (DC group) strategy with the viral suppression (VS group) strategy in delaying clinical disease progression or death. Primary end point(s): Time to disease progression or death. (The events constituting “disease progression” are opportunistic events that are consistent with the 1993 CDC expanded surveillance definition for clinical AIDS. These events are defined in the CPCRA Clinical Events Handbook and in a paper describing event documentation and review procedures.; Other Major Endpoints include:; ‐Survival; ‐Time to major cardiovascular events: myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease requiring treatment or an invasive procedure, or stroke. (These events are defined in the CPCRA Supplemental Events Handbook.) ; ‐ Time to “serious” disease progression event, including death. A serious event for this protocol is defined as one of the following: progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, lymphoma, visceral Kaposi's sarcoma, AIDS dementia complex, toxoplasmosis, histoplasmosis, cryptococcosis, MAC, wasting syndrome, and cytomegalovirus disease. ; ‐ Time to major cardiovascular or metabolic events: myocardial infarction (based on review of hospital records or serial ECG changes indicating major Q wave changes), coronary artery disease requiring treatment or an invasive procedure, myocarditis or pericarditis, stroke, diabetes mellitus, pancreatitis, lactic acidosis, or osteonecrosis (These events are defined in the CPCRA Supplemental Events Handbook.) Initiation of drug treatment for hypertension and hyperlipidemia will also be recorded. ; ‐ Time to disease progression event, major cardiovascular event, major metabolic event, or death; ‐ Time to the development of any grade 4 adverse event; ‐ Change in self‐reported body appearance; ‐ Time to developing new ST‐T wave abnormalities, left ventricular hypertrophy, major arrhythmias, heart rate, heart rate corrected QT interval, complete heart block, LBBB, and RBBB based on the resting ECG ; ‐ Health care utilization and costs; ‐ Change in total, LDL, VLDL, and HDL cholesterol; triglycerides, glucose, insulin, C‐peptide, hemoglobin A1c, venous lactate, and in body cell mass as measured by BIA. ; ‐ Change in quality of life; ‐ Symptom severity ; ‐ Change in HIV transmission risk behaviors; ‐ Change in fat distribution as assessed by DEXA and CT scans; ‐ Self‐reported adherence to antiretroviral drugs; ‐ Development of MDR HIV drug resistance (evidence of resistance to 2 or more classes of antiretroviral drugs); ‐ Retroviral rebound syndrome Secondary Objective: 1. To compare the DC group with the VS group for the following:; ‐ Survival, Incidence of major cardiovascular and metabolic complications, Incidence of serious disease progression events, Combined endpoint of clinical disease progression, major cardiovascular and metabolic complications, or death, Grade 4 adverse events, Self‐reported changes in body appearance, Adherence to antiretroviral treatment, averaged over follow‐up, Disease progression, death, and other outcomes above within subgroups.; 2.In subsamples of patients, to compare the DC and VS groups for other major disease outcome, Quality of life, HIV transmission risk behaviors, Health care utilization and costs; 3. To conduct nested case‐control studies in subsamples of patients on predictors of survival and clinical disease progression.; 4. To study predictors of survival, disease progression, and major cardiovascular and metabolic complications.; 5. Inaddition other protocol defined analyses will be conducted.
 A randomized placebo-controlled trial to determine the effect of iron supplementation on hematological indices in pregnant women with hemoglobin =13.2 g/dl;  INTERVENTION: Ferrous sulfate, 150 mg tablet with 50 mg ferrous elemental, daily, from 20th gestational week to the end of pregnancy Intervention 1: Ferrous sulfate, 150 mg tablet with 50 mg ferrous elemental, daily, from 20th gestational week to the end of pregnancy. Intervention 2: Placebo tablets, one tablet daily, from 20th gestational week to the end of pregnancy. Placebo tablets, one tablet daily, from 20th gestational week to the end of pregnancy Prevention CONDITION: Abnormal haematological finding on antenatal screening of mother Pregnant women of high hemoglobin. ; Abnormal haematological finding on antenatal screening of mother PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hematologic indices. Timepoint: Baseline, at gestational weeks 24 ‐28 and 32‐36. Method of measurement: Cell Blood Count with sismex k1000. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women with Hb = 13.2 g/dl in the early stage of the second trimester, body mass index (BMI) between 19.8 and 26 kg/m2, single pregnancy, age between 17 and 35 years Exclusion criteria: Falling Hb to less than 10.5 g/dl in the second trimester or 11 g/dl in the third trimester, history of any renal, hepatic, thyroid, or cardiac diseases, presence of diabetes, asthma, hypertension, or inflammatory diseases, presence of severe nausea and vomiting of pregnancy, smoking, substance abuse, history of threatened abortion
 The impact of Myo-inositol supplementation with sleep hygiene education on sleep quality in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: myoinositol supplementation powder the ino folic commercial name containing 2000 mg of myoinositol and 200 µg of folic acid (manufactured by the company Lo.Li Pharma ) once a day (one sachet per night in a glass of water is dissolved) from gestational age 14 to 24 weeks). Intervention 2: Control group: placebo (folic acid powder 400 mcg + wheat flour total 2 grams) Once a day (one hour a sachet is dissolved in a glass of water) from the gestational age 14 weeks to 24 weeks for a total of 10 weeks . CONDITION: Sleep quality in pregnancy. ; Sleep disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sleep Quality Score in Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Questionnaire. Timepoint: In the second trimester of pregnancy at weeks 24 to 28 and in the third trimester of pregnancy at weeks 37 to 38 of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Neonatal and pregnancy outcomes. Timepoint: The end of pregnancy for the outcome of pregnancy and infancy Method of measurement. Method of measurement: Questionnaire and complete the checklist using file. Side effect of drug. Timepoint: In the second trimester of pregnancy (week 24‐28) and the third trimester of pregnancy (week 37_38). Method of measurement: Drug side effect checklist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Conscious written consent Pregnant women with singletone pregnancy Age 18 and over Gestational age of 14 weeks Absence of chronic physical diseases such as diabetes, high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease No history of taking prenatal drugs before pregnancy No history of sleep disorders before pregnancy Working women without night shift work Non‐smoking and alcohol Lack of history of psychiatric use No history of abortion in previous pregnancies
 Trial of Supplementation With Aged Garlic Extract to Improve Endothelial Function in Patients With Metabolic Syndrome;  Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) have become the main cause of death worldwide. It is estimated that 3.8 million men and 3.4 million women die every year from this cause (WHO 2006). In addition, an increase of 47 to 83 million disability‐adjusted life years (DALY) between 1990 and 2020 has been projected for this disease (WHO 2006b). It is calculated that 5.3 million deaths by CVD occur in developed countries, while 8 to 9 million deaths occur in developing countries (Yusuf et al 2001; Lopez 1993). In Colombia, the death rate for CHD in 20‐84 year old subjects increased from 58.5 per 100.000 in 1980 to 103.2 in 1996. Only 30% of this increase could be attributed to population aging (Lopez‐Jaramillo et al 2001). From 1997 to 2001 acute myocardial infarction (AMI), stroke and diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM 2) were responsible for 213.150 deaths (19.6%). Together, these deaths exceeded those due to violent causes, which for several years were the first cause of death in this country. The INTERHEART study (Yusuf 2004) identified the risk factors associated with AMI in 52 developed and developing countries. Smoking, hypertension, abnormal lipids, abdominal obesity (AO), diabetes and psychosocial stress were associated with ischemic disease in all regions of the world with no differences in age and gender. However, Lanas et al. (2007) reported the results of 1237 Latin American subjects from Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Colombia, included in the INTERHEART study, demonstrated that central obesity was the most important risk factor associated with AMI in this population, much more than in the entire population of the study. We have proposed that the biological response to obesity in developed countries is different than in developing countries, and that this response is modulated through epigenetic regulation (Lopez‐Jaramillo et al 2008). The consumer society has given rise to an increase in the prevalence of overweight, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2) and finally metabolic syndrome (MS). Changes in the nutritional and physical habits are the main characteristics involved in the fast economic transition, where the over nutrition and the increased consumption of saturated fat and cholesterol, low intakes of polyunsaturated fat and lower physical activity are common determinants (Pi‐Sunyer 2002). Recent studies have shown that obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes type 2 are proinflammatory states (Grundy et al 2004). It has been demonstrated that enlargement of adipocytes is frequently observed in obesity and in pre‐diabetic individuals and in type 2 diabetics (Lundgren et al 2007). The increased adipocyte size may represent a failure in the recruitment of new adipocytes due to impaired differentiation; it has recently been shown that fat cell enlargement is an independent marker of insulin resistance (Rotter et al 2003). Cell size expansion leads to a reduction in the production of anti‐inflammatory adipokines (like adiponectin) while proinflammatory cytokines (like IL‐6, and PCR) are markedly increased (Rotter et al 2003). An alternative source of garlic that is odorless and rich in antioxidants is aged garlic extract (AGE) (Amagase et al 2001; Borek 2001). The well‐standardized and highly bioavailable supplement is produced by prolonged extraction and aging of organic fresh garlic at a stable room temperature. The process converts unstable compounds, such as allicin, to stable substances and produces high levels of water‐soluble organosulfur compounds. These include S‐allylcysteine (SAC), AGE's major component, and S‐allylmercaptocysteine, unique to AGE. Among other compounds present are low amounts of oil‐soluble organosulfur compounds, flavonoids, a phenol, allixin, selenium, and saponins. The metabolic syndrome is a set of risk factors for diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular disease, characterized by the presence of resistance to insulin and compensating hyperinsulinemia, associate to alterations of carbohydrates and lipids metabolism, elevated arterial blood pressure and obesity (Pineda 2008). In 1988, Reaven observed that several risk factors (dislipidemia, hypertension, hyperglycemia) tended to be together. This set was named syndrome X (Reaven 1988). The name metabolic syndrome like a diagnostic entity with defined criteria was introduced by the WHO in 1998 (Alberti, Zimmet 1998). The metabolic syndrome prevalence varies according to some factors such as gender, age, ethnic group, but it is located between 15% to a 40%, being greater in the population of hispanic origin (Ford et al 2002). Metabolic syndrome is important in Colombia, where the population have a major sensibility to the development of an atherogenic lipid profile (Perez et al 2003), and low grade inflammation correlated to lower levels of abdominal obesity have been described (Garcia et al 2007). These factors are associated with an increase of the vascular reactivity to the angiotensin II stimulus (Rueda‐Clausen et al 2007), hormone that is also produced in the visceral adiposity (17). The latter, at the endothelial level, increases the TNF production (Arenas et al 2004), a proinflammatory citokine that stimulates the hepatic production of C reactive protein (CRP), which in our population in situations such as abdominal obesity in adults (Garcia et al 2007) and children (Lopez‐Jaramillo 2008b), arterial hypertension (Rueda‐Clausen et al 2007), endothelial dysfunction (Garcia et al 2007b) and pregnancy induced hypertension (Teran et al 2001) is presented in higher levels than in other populations. Recent therapies have been introduced to achieve a control of metabolic disorders and reduce the endothelium damage of the metabolic syndrome. The garlic (Allium sativum) has been shown to improve blood lipids (Zlatkis et al 1953; Chi 1982; Shoetan et al 1984; Gebhart 1991;Welch et al 1992; Gebhart 1993; Yeh, Yeh 1994;), to have antithrombotic effects (Srivastava, Tyagi 1993), to decrease antiplatelet aggregation (Kiesewetter et al 1993) and to have antioxidative properties, (Sendl et al 1992; Yamasaki et al 1993). Besides, it has been reported that garlic stimulates the phagocytotic function of macrophage and lymphocyte proliferation (Tadi et al 1990). These effects are produced largely due to its high content of organosulfur compounds and antioxidant activity. However fresh garlic may cause indigestion and its pungent odor that lingers on the breath and skin can be a social deterrent. These disagreeable effects of fresh garlic are due to allicin, an oxidant released upon cutting or chewing the clove. Most of the effects of age garlic extract (AGE) can be explain because its levels of antioxidant compounds, whom increases nitric oxide production and decreases the output of inflammatory cytokines, the latter has been demonstrated in cultured cells. However, at the moment there is not data about the effect of supplementation with AGE in the endothelial function in patients with metabolic syndrome. Thus, the purpose of this study is to investigate if the supplementation of Kyolic® can alter the levels of inflammatory markers and the endothelial function (measured by VMF) in patient with metabolic syndrome. AGE has demonstrated to be useful in the reduction of the arterial tension; Steiner et al (Steiner et al 1996) realized a double‐blind crossover study comparing the effect of aged garlic extract with placebo on blood lipids in a group of 41 moderately hypercholesterolemic men. Their results show that there was a 5.5% decrease in systolic blood pressure and a modest reduction of diastolic blood pressure in response to aged garlic extract. Slowing et al (2001) found that intake of garlic can prevent diet‐induced hypercholesterolemia and vascular alteration in the endothelium‐dependent relaxation associated with atherosclerosis, Macan et al (2006) administered AGE or placebo at a dose of 5 mL twice a day for 12 wk. to patients whom also received warfarin for 12 weeks, after this period the levels of HDL in the garlic group was higher compared with the placebo group. Nitric oxide (NO) is an important intercellular and intracellular messenger with a major role in controlling the physiological function of the cardiovascular system (Palmer et al 1987; Moncada et al 1991). It is synthesized from L‐arginine by NO synthases (NOSs) in many of the cells of the cardiovascular system, including endothelial cells, macrophages, smooth muscle cells, platelets and fibroblasts (42). Three kinds of NOSs, neuronal constitutive NOS (ncNOS), inducible NOS (iNOS) and endothelial constitutive NOS (ecNOS), were reported to be responsible for NO biosynthesis in these cells (Kerwin et al 1995). NO derived from ecNOS was reported to modulate vasomotor tone, inhibition of platelet aggregation and adhesion, inhibition of leucocyte migration, suggesting that NO could explain the anti‐atherogenicity actions of the vascular endothelium (Moncada et al 1991). Flow‐mediated dilation (FMD), a noninvasive method that uses high‐resolution ultrasonography, is an established test to assess endothelial function. The FMD technique measures the changes in the brachial artery diameter as a response to shear stress, and it is partially dependent on the capacity of endothelial cells to release nitric oxide (Celermajer et al 1992). This method has been validated in Colombian population (Accini et al 2001; Lopez‐Jaramillo et al 2004) and has been used to evaluated the effect of AGE in endothelial function. Williams et al (2005) conducted a trial in 15 men with angiographically proven coronary artery disease in a randomized, placebo‐controlled, cross‐over design with 2‐week treatment and washout periods. During AGE supplementation, FMD increased significantly (p = 0.04) from the baseline (44%) and mainly in men with lower baseline FMD. Levels of FMD at the end of AGE treatment were significantly (p = 0.03) higher compared with the corresponding levels at the end of placebo treatment.
 Hesperidin and Diosmin for Treatment of COVID-19;  Research Background and Rationale At the end of December 2019, pneumonia of unknown origin was detected in the hospitals of Wuhan city, China, and reported to the WHO country office for the first time [1‐3]. After a few days, the Chinese government has confirmed the human‐to‐human transmission of the new infectious respiratory disease [4]. At the end of January 2020, the WHO declared the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), caused by a novel coronavirus (SARS‐CoV‐2), as an international public health emergency. The disease termed coronavirus 19 (COVID‐19) rapidly transmitted from China to all over the world and subsequently the WHO declared it a global pandemic disease. The virulent virus structure is closely related to (SARS‐CoV) strain with a single‐stranded positive‐sense RNA composition[5]. This pandemic disease is particularly of major importance to the whole world and especially to countries with a heavy population like Egypt. There is a critical need for emergent, continuous, and cost‐effective health care delivery to infected people. Early detection and strategies for prevention of progression of COVID‐19 would make a major difference for infected patients and would also be economically beneficial for a resource‐constrained country. People infected with COVID‐19 may have no symptoms but still, act as a source of infection to other surrounding persons. The most common clinical manifestations following infection range from mild symptoms of (generalized fatigue, dry cough, low‐grade fever, and sore throat) to severe symptoms of (typical severe acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and pneumonia)[6]. Although the tremendous scientific research effort is focusing mainly on the use of antiviral drugs, certain drug repurposing, and vaccine production for the treatment of COVID‐19 patients, there is no specific cure or vaccine for treatment up till now. New drug development is a time‐consuming process so that drug repositioning may be the optimum solution to control this pandemic infection. Selected Drugs Hesperidin is a common flavone glycoside found in citrus fruit such as lemons and sweet oranges[7, 8]. Hesperidin has several pharmacological activities such as anti‐atherogenic, antihyperlipidemic, antidiabetic, venotonic, cardioprotective, anti‐inflammatory, and antihypertensive actions. The anti‐inflammatory activity of hesperidin was mainly attributed to its antioxidant defense mechanism and suppression of pro‐inflammatory cytokine production[7]. Hesperidin exhibited anti‐viral activity against the influenza virus through a significant reduction of virus replication. Treatment of infected cells with hesperidin enhanced cell‐autonomous immunity via activation and upregulation of p38 and JNK expression which is essential for cell defense mechanisms against influenza virus[9]. Hesperidin has been used as an herbal medicine for a long time. The safety of hesperidin was confirmed by FASEB (Federation of American Societies of Experimental Biology) upon request of the FDA. Toxicity studies have confirmed the high safety profile of hesperidin after oral intake. Results from oral toxicity studies showed the absence of adverse side effects after oral hesperidin ingestion of more than 2g /kg [10]. Hesperidin role in prevention and treatment of COVID 19 was recently published by our research team in Medical Hypotheses journal [12]. Contraindications of (Hesperidin and Diosmin mixture, Daflon®) No reported contraindications. Interactions of (Hesperidin and Diosmin mixture, Daflon®) No sever drug‐drug interactions, only moderate and minor interactions ‐ Celiprolol: (Moderate drug‐drug interaction) Hesperidin may reduce the absorption of celiprolol. ‐ Diltiazem: (Moderate drug‐drug interaction) Hesperidin may reduce the absorption of diltiazem. Daflon 500 mg is a marketed tablet dosage form containing a micronized flavonoid mixture of 50 mg of hesperidin and 450 mg of diosmin which used as vasoprotective venotonic agent[10]. This hesperidin mixture is characterized by its high safety profile. Continues oral administration for hesperidin mixture to rats for 13 and 26 weeks, using a very high dose of 35‐fold of the daily dosage showed no toxicity with a high LD50 value of more than 3 g/kg body weight. Clinical trials used more than 2850 patients treated with the hesperidin mixture for a period of 6 weeks to 1 year showed normal hematological parameters, hepatic and renal functions with no signs of toxicity[11]. Unraveling host cellular receptors used for cellular entry of COVID‐19 will provide possible lines for attack. Cell entry of COVID‐19 depends on two consecutive steps, firstly binding of the viral spike (S‐protein) to host cellular receptors followed by priming of S‐protein by cell proteases. Recently, researchers showed that COVID‐19 uses the ACE‐2 receptor for entry [13] and the serine protease TMPRSS2 for priming of S‐protein. Camostat mesylate, a serine protease inhibitor drug blocked virus entry and was used as a COVID‐19 treatment in Japan[14]. COVID‐19 binds to the ACE‐2 receptor through its specific Spike‐receptor binding domain (RBD) sequence to form the SARS‐CoV‐2‐RBD‐ACE‐2 complex. The proposed computational activity of 78 anti‐viral drugs against the human ACE2 receptor was screened using homology modeling. This study showed that hesperidin is the only compound that could target the binding interface between SARS‐CoV‐2 Spike and ACE2 human receptors. based on virtual screening, hesperidin may disrupt the interaction of ACE2 with RBD of SARS‐CoV‐2 thus block its entry into the lung cells [15]. Therefore, hesperidin can be used as a promising prophylactic agent against COVID‐19 infection. Host antiviral responses against COVID‐19 infection depend on the activation of both the immune systems and cellular self‐defense mechanisms. Immunity plays a major role in the protection of the host against viral infection. The occurrence of immune over‐response or immune deficiency is responsible for the condition of infected patients becoming critical or severe[16]. The anti‐viral activity of hesperidin against the influenza virus involves its role in the activation of the mitogen‐activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway. The MAPK host defense cascade contributes to efficiently restraining viral replication, spread, and minimizing tissue damage[9]. A recent study showed that the interferon‐MAPK pathway played an important role in the COVID‐19 immune response[16]. Therefore, hesperidin by its activation to host immunity my help against COVID‐19 viral replication and hence its progression which will improve the patient outcome. Patients infected with COVID‐19 exhibited what is called "cytokine storm" which initiated primarily as an inflammatory response and resulted in uncontrolled over‐production of soluble markers of inflammation. Available evidence showing that cytokine storm, is a major cause for the development of ARDS. Cytokine storm involves the release of various immune‐active molecules such as Interferons (e.g. IFNγ), interleukins (e.g. IL‐1β, IL‐2, IL‐6), chemokines, and tumor necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α ) [17]. ‐ Verapamil: (Moderate drug‐drug interaction) Hesperidin may increase the absorption of verapamil. ‐ Antihypertensive drugs: (Moderate drug‐drug interaction) Hesperidin may lower high blood pressure might cause your blood pressure to go too low. ‐ Anticoagulant / Antiplatelet drugs: (Moderate drug‐drug interaction) Hesperidin may slow blood clotting which might increase the chances of bruising and bleeding. ‐ Sedative medications (Benzodiazepines) (Moderate drug‐drug interaction) Hesperidin may cause too much sleepiness. Hesperidin with its high anti‐inflammatory activity inhibited the secretion of pro‐inflammatory cytokines such as IFN‐γ and IL‐2[18]. Besides, hesperidin inhibited IL 1β stimulated inflammatory responses by inhibiting the activation of the NF κB signaling cascade[19]. It also played a major rule in suppressing the release of inflammatory markers such as (TNFα and IL‐6) in type 2 diabetic patients[20]. Therefore, it can be used as adjuvant therapy to control the severe inflammatory reaction against COVID‐19. Activation of coagulation pathways following the immune response to COVID‐19 infection promotes clot formation. The proposed mechanism of formation of micro thrombosis involves the occurrence of procoagulant‐anticoagulant imbalance, platelet activation, and converting fibrinogen to fibrin. Disseminated intravascular coagulation predisposes to the development of multiorgan failure especially in severe infected cases[21]. A prophylactic dose of heparin (with low molecular weight, LMWH) is recommended for protection against venous thromboembolism in COVID‐19 hospitalized patients[21]. In this context, it is essential to highlight the role of concomitant administration of hesperidin and diosmin mixture with heparin for protection against thromboembolism. Results from previous clinical trials that used Daflon 500 mg with LMWH confirmed the significant effect of this combination compared to LMWH alone in preventing the incidence of pulmonary embolism and deep vein thrombosis. Therefore, co‐administration of LMWH and Daflon 500 mg can significantly inhibit clot formation and prevent disease progression [22]. Diagnostic criteria The viral research institution in China has conducted preliminary identification of the SARS‐CoV‐2 through the classical Koch's postulates and observing its morphology through electron microscopy[1]. So far, the golden clinical diagnosis method of COVID‐19 is nucleic acid detection in the nasal and throat swab sampling or other respiratory tract samplings by real‐time PCR and further confirmed by next‐generation sequencing Clinical classification of patients Patients can be grouped into three categories: asymptomatic, upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) when presenting with rhinitis, pharyngitis, or isolated low‐grade fever and myalgia, and lower respiratory tract infections (LRTI) when presenting with symptoms of pneumonia or bronchitis[3]. Side effects of (Hesperidin and Diosmin mixture, Daflon®) Like all medicines, Daflon 500 mg can cause side effects, although not everybody gets them. Some cases of commonplace gastrointestinal disorders and neurovegetative disorders (feeling of discomfort) have been described, which do not require stopping the treatment. Safety concerns of (Hesperidin and Diosmin mixture, Daflon®) Daflon 500 mg tablets is POSSIBLY SAFE for most people when taken by mouth for up to 6 months. The safety of using it for a longer period of time is unknown. Side effects include stomach pain and upset, diarrhea, and headache. Special Precautions & Warnings: ‐ Pregnancy and breast‐feeding: Hesperidin is POSSIBLY SAFE for pregnant or breast‐feeding women when taken by mouth with diosmin. ‐ Bleeding disorder: Hesperidin might slow blood clotting and increase the risk of bleeding. In theory, hesperidin might make bleeding disorders worse. ‐ Low blood pressure: Hesperidin might lower blood pressure. In theory, taking hesperidin might make blood pressure become too low in people who already have low blood pressure. ‐ Surgery: Hesperidin might prolong bleeding. There is concern that hesperidin might increase the risk of bleeding during and after surgical procedures. Stop taking hesperidin at least 2 weeks before a scheduled surgery. Research Objectives This research proposal was employed as a practical strategy for providing a suitable drug or drug combination for possible treatment of COVID‐19 infected patients. This drug may help to prevent the progression of respiratory complications. This can be achieved through different goals as following: 1. Screening of different drugs related to different pharmacological classes depending on its possible activity against COVID‐19 virus. 2. Providing cost‐effective and easy‐to‐implement treatment strategy for infected patients and/or patients with high risk of developing respiratory failure. 3. Finally, this clinical strategy remains an important goal in improving Egyptian health state which can save their life meanwhile save a lot of money. Scope of Work The scope of work will be conducted through 1. Use of newly repurposed drug (Daflon 500 mg) for treatment of COVID‐19 infected people. 2. Evaluation of the effect of the drug on the symptomatic treatment of mild COVID‐19 patients through a clinical trial designed according to WHO (Clinical management of severe acute respiratory infection (SARI) when COVID‐19 disease is suspected) interim guidance published at 13 March 2020. 3. Investigating the impact of the drug on the prevention of sever compilations such as Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS). Randomized double‐blind controlled Parallel study of (Hesperidin and Diosmin mixture, Daflon®) for treatment of Covid‐19 newly diagnosed Patients in Egypt. Study design This study will be a double blind randomized controlled parallel study Study population and Methods Setting This study will be on Patients currently being granted at designated hospitals affiliated to Ministry of Higher Education. Patients will be randomized to either receive Daflon versus control group who will receive standard care Patients Hospitalized patients with confirmed COVID‐19 will included in this study according to the following criteria; Adult (18‐65 Years old), both sexes, PCR positive in nasopharyngeal sample at admission. In addition, inclusion criteria will involve newly diagnosed asymptomatic or with upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) patients who will present with rhinitis, pharyngitis, or isolated low‐grade fever and myalgia. Informed consent Before being included in the study, patients meeting inclusion criteria will give their written informed consent to participate to the study. An information document that clearly indicates the nature of the study and the risks or side effects and the benefits associated with the participation to the study will be given to each participant. The study will be conducted in accordance with the Ethical standards of Helsinki Declaration. The protocol will be submitted to the National Ethic Committee for reviewing and approval. This trial will be registered as Clinical Trial. Procedure Patients will be seen at baseline for enrolment, initial data collection and treatment at day‐0. The follow up duration will be 28 days or till PCR negative. Starting from day 1, each day, patients will receive standardized care or Daflon 1000 mg, three times daily for 10 days. Symptomatic treatment and antibiotics as a measure to prevent bacterial superinfection will be provided based on clinical judgment for all participants. All participants will be submitted to blood samples collection at base line and after the follow up period for RT‐ PCR assay and to evaluate the change in serum IL1β, TNF‐α, hsCRP. CBC will be done for Lymphocyte count. Changes in respiratory rate and PaO2 will be assessed. Furthermore, mortality rate will be calculated. Outcomes Primary Outcome Measures: is RT‐PCR negative Secondary Outcome Measures include: changes in respiratory rate and PaO2, change in serum IL1β, TNF‐α, hsCRP, Lymphocyte count, mortality rate and occurrence of side‐effects. Randomized double‐blind controlled Parallel study of (Hesperidin and Diosmin mixture, Daflon®) for treatment of Covid‐19 newly diagnosed Patients in Egypt. Study design: Randomized double‐blind controlled Parallel study Study Type: Interventional Clinical Trial Enrolment: 50 participants in each arm Allocation: Randomized Assignment: Parallel Intervention Model Description: Two parallel groups randomly asserted Masking: Double (Participant, Investigator) Primary Purpose: Treatment or efficacy plus safety Estimated Study Start Date: 01/07/2020 Estimated Primary Completion Date: 15/07/2020 Estimated Study Completion Date: 01/10/2020 Arms Experimental: 1000mg of Daflon three times daily for 10 days Active Comparator: Standard care delivered in the isolation hospitals. Outcomes Primary Outcome Measures: PCR negative Secondary Outcome Measures: Changes in respiratory rate Change in patients PaO2 Change in serum IL1β Change in serum TNF‐α Change in serum hsCRP CBC for Lymphocyte count Reported side effects Mortality rate Inclusion Criteria: Confirmed cases of Covid‐19 (all by RT‐PCR) Newly diagnosed asymptomatic or with upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) patients who will present with rhinitis, pharyngitis, or isolated low‐grade fever and myalgia, Adult (18‐65 Years old) Both sexes Exclusion Criteria: Patients with bleeding disorders Patients with low to very low blood pressure Patients after surgery Immunocompromised patients taking medication upon screening
 Effects of Valsartan vs Amlodipine and Low BP on Kidney Outcomes in Essential Hypertension;  VALUE was a multicenter, prospective, double‐blinded randomized clinical trial initiated and led by the investigators. The study took place from 1997 to 2004. The sponsor was Novartis, who had an interactive role with the investigators for the study design, and Novartis monitored study sites and provided source data verifications. In 2011, Ullevaal University Hospital, Oslo, Norway, took over the database with conditions detailed in a written agreement with the funder. One author (S.E.K.) had from then full access to all the data and took responsibility for its integrity and the data analysis. Thus, the data file resides in the hands of the authors, and Novartis had no role in the present study. The trial was approved by ethics committees and written informed consent collected from all the participants in 31 countries. The study compared, in a prospective, randomized double‐blinded design, the effects of two different antihypertensive treatment regimens on cardiac morbidity and mortality in hypertensive patients aged 50 years or older. One regimen was based on the ARB valsartan, and the other on the CCB amlodipine. VALUE participants were selected based on predefined combinations of risk factors, including age, male gender, and the presence of certain conditions such as electrocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy (ECG‐LVH), determined by Cornell voltage‐duration product or Sokolow‐Lyon voltage criteria with or without a strain pattern, serum creatinine ≥150 μmol/l, proteinuria (positive dipstick in morning urine at two different visits), diabetes mellitus (DM), or verified coronary, cerebrovascular, or peripheral artery disease. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy, renal artery stenosis, either myocardial infarction, percutaneous coronary intervention, or coronary artery bypass surgery during last three months, medically relevant valvular disease, cerebrovascular events last 3 months, severe hepatic disease, severe chronic kidney failure (serum creatinine >3.0 mg/dl, >265 µmol/L), congestive heart failure requiring angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor and patients using beta‐blocker for both coronary artery disease and hypertension. Participants were followed for 4‐6 years, until a minimum of 1450 primary cardiac events ("endpoint driven") with monthly visits during the initial six months after randomization and later at six‐month intervals. BP was measured at each visit using a calibrated sphygmomanometer or a validated digital device with an appropriate size cuff. Patients were seated quietly for 5 minutes before the measurement of BP. Blood samples were collected and analyzed at central labs in each continent. Serum creatinine was measured yearly. The primary goal of the study was to determine the time to the occurrence of the first cardiac event, which included a combination of fatal or non‐fatal myocardial infarction, sudden cardiac death, death from revascularization procedures or heart failure, hospitalization for heart failure, and emergency procedures to prevent myocardial infarction. The secondary endpoints were all cardiovascular events, fatal and non‐fatal stroke, myocardial infarction, hospitalized heart failure, cardiovascular‐, non‐cardiovascular‐, and all‐cause mortality. Pre‐specified secondary kidney endpoints were end‐stage kidney disease (ESKD) in patients with need for dialysis or kidney transplantation and worsened kidney function (WKF) with at least 50% increase in serum creatinine from baseline. To ensure impartiality, the endpoint committee was not informed of the treatment assignments when assessing events. Patients who were previously treated for hypertension (92%) were eligible if SBP was <210 mmHg and diastolic(D) BP was <115 mmHg. Untreated hypertensive patients were eligible if SBP was between 160 and 210 mmHg, and DBP was <115 mmHg. Patients who already were on treatment, discontinued their previous antihypertensive medications when randomized to one of the trial's masked study arms (valsartan or amlodipine) without a run‐in phase ("rolled over"). Valsartan treatment started at a dosage of 80 mg daily, and amlodipine treatment started at 5 mg daily. If BP did not reach <140/90 mmHg, the dose of either drug was doubled to 160 mg or 10 mg, respectively, and hydrochlorothiazide (12.5 mg and 25 mg daily) and other antihypertensive drugs were added in sequential steps. Age, the presence of coronary heart disease, and the presence of ECG‐LVH at baseline were used in the randomized study as à priori covariates to account for the effects of key risk predictors at baseline. To minimize the influence of potential confounding factors, hazard ratios (HRs) in the observational analysis of different achieved BP levels were adjusted for treatment allocation and baseline covariates including age, sex, SBP, diastolic blood pressure, body mass index, smoking status, high serum total cholesterol (>6.2 mmol/L or >240 mg/dL), presence of diabetes mellitus, proteinuria, ECG‐LVH, previous stroke, previous myocardial infarction, and previous peripheral artery disease. Statistical power was calculated for the original comparison of valsartan vs amlodipine on the primary endpoint.15 The trial was endpoint driven, needed 1450 primary events to close, and showed no difference between valsartan and amlodipine on the primary endpoint, which allowed consolidation of data from both treatment arms for other studies of this hypertensive population like investigation BP variability and the influence of achieved BPs on certain endpoints. Of the 15,245 hypertensive patients enrolled by 969 investigators, 13,803 patients did not experience any cardiovascular event during the initial six months of treatment after randomization and had attended a minimum of three study visits after that period. A minimum of three visits was decided à priori to ensure meaningful follow up of representative achieved BPs. Patients with cardiovascular events during the first six months after randomization were excluded because of the uncontrolled BP following discontinuation of previous antihypertensive drugs and concomitant up‐titration of the randomized medications; these early BPs were neither included as they were not representative for the later achieved average BPs. Treatment effects on kidney endpoints in the RCT were measured by hazard ratios and their 95% CIs based on Cox regression models and analyzed as intention‐to‐treat. Event rates over time are presented as Kaplan‐Meier curves. Similar multivariate adjusted Cox models were used to analyze the kidney endpoints for patients who achieved average SBP <135 mmHg vs SBP ≥135 mmHg up to the occurrence of a prespecified endpoint, or throughout the treatment period if no event occurred. Similar comparisons were done for patients who achieved average DBP <85 mmHg vs ≥85 mmHg and for groups with SBP ≥135 and/or DBP ≥85 mmHg vs patients with SBP <135 and DBP <85 mmHg. Statistical significance was determined with a two‐sided p‐value of <0.05. Data analysis was carried out using SPSS (IBM SPSS Statistics: Version: 28.0.1.0, Armonk, NY, USA). Data are presented as means with standard deviations (SDs), absolute numbers with percentages in parentheses, or point estimates with 95% confidence intervals (CIs).
 Comparison of tacrolimus and cyclosporin therapy in heart transplantation;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: TACROLIMUS CAS Number: 104987‐11‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.5‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: TACROLIMUS CAS Number: 104987‐11‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 1‐ Trade Name: Prograf Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: TACROLIMUS CAS Number: 104987‐11‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: CICLOSPORIN CAS Number: 59865‐13‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Trade Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: CICLOSPORIN CAS Number: 59865‐13‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: CICLOSPORIN CAS Number: 59865‐13‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: CICLOSPORIN CAS Number: 59865‐13‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Oral solution INN or Proposed INN: CICLOSPORIN CAS Number: 59865‐13‐3 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Sandimmune i.v. Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: CICLOSPORIN CAS Number: 59865‐13‐3 Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CONDITION: Cardiac transplant recipients ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10050432 Term: Prophylaxis against heart transplant rejection System Organ Class: 100000004865 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Immune System Diseases [C20] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Systemic markers ; 1. Changes in circulating markers of inflammation and oxidation (adhesion molecules and other markers of inflammation MCP‐1, s‐ICAM, E‐selectin, homocysteine, hsCRP; and markers of redox state F2 isoprostanes, T‐bars, nitrotyrosine, GSH/GSSG) and circulating markers of myocardial damage (troponin t and BNP). ; Efficacy ; 2. ISHLT acute rejection profiles and time to first acute rejection episode following de novo cardiac transplant. ; 3. Number of patients requiring antilymphocyte antibodies or steroids for treatment of severe acute rejection. ; 4. Number of acute rejection episodes requiring treatment regardless of biopsy grade or presence of hemodynamic compromise. ; 5. Mean cases of acute rejection (MCAR) per patient. ; 6. Incidence of successful steroid taper or withdrawal at 26 and 52 weeks. ; 7. Incidence of treatment failure and crossover for treatment failure. ; 8. Exploratory evaluation of patients’ general well being using the following patient questionnaires: ; ? SF‐12v2™ Health Survey (32, Appendix 9). (NA for pediatric patients) ; ? Heart Transplant Recipient Opinions of Immunosuppressive Medications (Appendix 10). (NA for pediatric patients) ; ? For pediatric patients, the following will be used: ; o Functional Status IIR ; o PedsQL™ Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory, Version 4.0 ; o SF‐10 for Children™ ; o Impact on family Scale ; Safety ; 9. Effects on glucose metabolism (fasting glucose, HbA1c, 2‐hour oral glucose tolerance test) and incidence of post‐transplant diabetes mellitus. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate changes in subcellular markers of growth, apoptosis, differentiation, survival, inflammation and oxidative stress, in relationship with cellular acute rejection, in de novo cardiac transplant recipients receiving either tacrolimus or cyclosporine as primary immunosuppressant. Primary end point(s): The change in the markers of growth, apoptosis, inflammation and oxidation measured in endomyocardial biopsies. ERK 1/2, JNK, and p38 MAPK have been selected as the principal primary endpoint parameters.; Additional primary endpoint parameters are MEK 1/2, MEK 3/6, cSrc, ERK 5, AKT, Bax/Bcl‐2, and nitrotyrosine. Secondary Objective: 1. to investigate changes in circulating markers of inflammation and oxidation concomitantly with the changes in the subcellular markers outlined above and with the magnitude of acute cellular rejection in the 2 treatment groups.; 2. to evaluate efficacy with respect to graft survival, acute rejection (AR) episodes (frequency, severity, time to event and resolution), treatment for AR, and successful steroid taper in the treatment groups.; 3. to assess safety with respect to adverse events in the treatment groups:; dyslipidemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, nephrotoxicity, clinical chemistry and hematology findings.; 4. to measure treatment failure and crossover for treatment failure in the treatment groups.; 5. to measure cardiovascular risk status using the Framingham assessment. (NA for pediatric patients); 6. to measure Quality of Life and general well‐being using patient health surveys.; 7. to measure impact of treatment choice on healthcare resource use. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 2 to 1 year post‐implant ; 10.Incidence of dyslipidemia defined as lipid profiles not satisfying the Canadian recommendations for high‐risk patients ; 11.Incidence of post‐transplant hypertension (JNC‐VI). ; 12.Impairment in renal function as defined by magnitude of change in estimates of glomerular filtration rate, protein excretion rate, and serum cystatin C levels. ; 13.Framingham assessment for cardiovascular risk status (31, Appendix 8). ; 14.Adverse events. ; Health Resource Use required related to immunosuppression and its treatment ; 15.Hospital days and visits to emergency room ; 16.Visits to a physician or other health care professional ; 17.Days in residential care or visits by community supportive services Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Week 2 to 1 year post‐implant INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients (or their legal guardians) who are capable of understanding, and who have been fully informed of, the purpose of the study and the risks of participation. 2. Patients (or their legal guardians) who have signed and dated the Informed Consent Form and are willing and able to follow the study protocol. 3. Patients who are primary cadaveric heart transplant recipients. 4. Males or females from birth. 5. Female patients of child‐bearing potential who have a current negative pregnancy test and agree to practice effective birth control, as judged by the investigator, while participating in the study. Prepubescent pediatric patients will not require pregnancy testing. 6. Patients able to tolerate oral medication and who do not have a gastrointestinal condition likely to affect the absorption kinetics or metabolism of the oral study medications. Are the trial subjects under 18? yes Number of subjects for this age range: 10 F.1.2 A
 Effects of Complementary Feeding With Different Protein-Rich Foods on Infant Growth and Gut Health: study Protocol;  Background: An urgent need exists for evidence‐based dietary guidance early in life, particularly regarding protein intake. However, a significant knowledge gap exists in the effects of protein‐rich foods on growth and development during early complementary feeding. Methods: This is a randomized controlled trial of infant growth and gut health (primary outcomes). We directly compare the effects of dietary patterns with common protein‐rich foods (meat, dairy, plant) on infant growth trajectories and gut microbiota development (monthly assessments) during early complementary feeding in both breast‐ and formula‐fed infants. Five‐month‐old infants (up to n = 300) are randomized to a meat‐, dairy‐, plant‐based complementary diet or a reference group (standard of care) from 5 to 12 months of age, with a 24‐month follow‐up assessment. Infants are matched for sex, mode of delivery and mode of feeding using stratified randomization. Growth assessments include length, weight, head circumference and body composition. Gut microbiota assessments include both 16S rRNA profiling and metagenomics sequencing. The primary analyses will evaluate the longitudinal effects of the different diets on both anthropometric measures and gut microbiota. The secondary analysis will evaluate the potential associations between gut microbiota and infant growth. Discussion: Findings are expected to have significant scientific and health implications for identifying beneficial gut microbial changes and dietary patterns and for informing dietary interventions to prevent the risk of overweight and later obesity, and promote optimal health. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT05012930.
 Isoxsuprine in prevention of preterm labor;  INTERVENTION: In case group: Isoxsuprine 10 mg tablet TDS since 26 wk continue throughout pregnancy. In control group: Placebo tablet TDS since 26 wk continue throughout pregnancy. Intervention 1: In case group: Isoxsuprine 10 mg tablet TDS since 26 wk continue throughout pregnancy. Intervention 2: In control group: Placebo tablet TDS since 26 wk continue throughout pregnancy. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Preterm labour Preterm labour. ; Preterm labour PRIMARY OUTCOME: Contractions stop for 48 hours. Timepoint: From stop of premature contractions. Method of measurement: hour. Stop of contraction for one week. Timepoint: Since stop of contraction. Method of measurement: week. Stop of contraction till 34 wks of gestation. Timepoint: Since stop of contraction. Method of measurement: week. Term delivery. Timepoint: 37 wk of gestation till delivery. Method of measurement: week. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Apgar 1st and 5th minutes. Timepoint: from time of birth. Method of measurement: Score 10/10. Birth weight. Timepoint: time of birth. Method of measurement: kg. NICU admission. Timepoint: from time of birth. Method of measurement: day. Side effects. Timepoint: during pregnancy. Method of measurement: pulse rate, respiratory rate, blood pressure. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐pregnant women, 2‐singleton pregnancy, 3‐gestational age 26‐34 weeks, 4‐preterm labor pain, 5‐intact amniotic membrane. Exclusion criteria: 1‐gestational age >34 wk, 2‐premature rupture of membrane, 3‐chorioamnionitis, 4‐antepartum hemorrhage (abraption, placental, previa), 5‐multiple pregnancy, 6‐systemic diseases (preclampsia, diabetes melitus, cardiovascular disorders, renal diseases, asthma, hyperthyroidy,...), 7‐congenital abnormality, 8‐urinary tract infection, 9‐past history of preterm labor.
 MRC ORACLE Children Study. Long term outcomes following prescription of antibiotics to pregnant women with either spontaneous preterm labour or preterm rupture of the membranes;  BACKGROUND: The Medical Research Council (MRC) ORACLE trial evaluated the use of co‐amoxiclav 375 mg and/or erythromycin 250 mg in women presenting with preterm rupture of membranes (PROM) ORACLE I or in spontaneous preterm labour (SPL) ORACLE II using a factorial design. The results showed that for women with a singleton baby with PROM the prescription of erythromycin is associated with improvements in short term neonatal outcomes, although co‐amoxiclav is associated with prolongation of pregnancy, a significantly higher rate of neonatal necrotising enterocolitis was found in these babies. Prescription of erythromycin is now established practice for women with PROM. For women with SPL antibiotics demonstrated no improvements in short term neonatal outcomes and are not recommended treatment. There is evidence that both these conditions are associated with subclinical infection so perinatal antibiotic administration may reduce the risk of later disabilities, including cerebral palsy, although the risk may be increased through exposure to inflammatory cytokines, so assessment of longer term functional and educational outcomes is appropriate. METHODS: The MRC ORACLE Children's Study will follow up UK children at age 7 years born to 4809 women with PROM and the 4266 women with SPL enrolled in the earlier ORACLE trials. We will use a parental questionnaire including validated tools to assess disability and behaviour. We will collect the frequency of specific medical conditions: cerebral palsy, epilepsy, respiratory illness including asthma, diabetes, admission to hospital in last year and other diseases, as reported by parents. National standard test results will be collected to assess educational attainment at Key Stage 1 for children in England. DISCUSSION: This study is designed to investigate whether or not peripartum antibiotics improve health and disability for children at 7 years of age. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The ORACLE Trial and Children Study is registered in the Current Controlled Trials registry. ISCRTN 52995660.
 Stress Reduction in Formerly Preeclamptic Women; Sofa or Sports;  Rationale: Approximately one out of three women with pre‐term preeclampsia develops a post‐traumatic stress disorder or depression after pregnancy. This could be related to the psychological impact of preeclampsia and premature birth resulting in increased perceived stress. It is also possible that preeclampsia and stress levels share a common aetiology, as both appear to correlate with increased cortisol levels and higher sympathetic drive. Approximately 50% of women with a history of preeclampsia have low plasma volume levels, indicating reduced circulatory reserve. Women with a hemodynamic profile characterized by a limited circulatory reserve have increased resting sympathetic tone, and are prone to develop preeclampsia in a subsequent pregnancy. These women also report more complaints of perceived stress. This raises not only the question whether increased perceived stress in women with a history of preeclampsia originates within the brain itself (primary psychological) or whether it is a psychological reflection of underlying reduced circulatory reserves (secondary psychological), but also the question about which intervention is most effective to reduce this perceived stress level. Should the investigators focus more on the emotional coping mechanisms and psychological aspects or should the investigators aim at improving the underlying hemodynamic profile and circulatory reserves to reduce overall sympathetic drive? The investigators hypothesize that 1) both interventions in women with preeclampsia and increased mental stress complaints will result in improved circulatory reserve, lower cortisol levels, lower sympathetic resting tone, and better continuous physiological measures (as measured with a smartwatch during the trial). 2) The aerobic exercise training will additionally improve the women's cardiovascular risk profile. Objective: To investigate the effects of online mindfulness‐based stress reduction (MBSR) therapy and aerobe exercise training on mental stress, physiological stress (hair cortisol) and cardiovascular risk profile in women with a history of preeclampsia and current increased symptoms of mental stress. Study design: Multicenter randomized trial of two interventions (online mindfulness therapy and aerobic exercise training) and a time control group who undergo neither of the two interventions (wait list group). Possible eligible women will be recruited in two tertiary hospitals (Radboudumc Nijmegen and Maastricht Medical Centre) after referral to these centres for preconceptional cardiovascular assessment after severe preeclampsia in a previous pregnancy. Participants with symptoms of mental stress will be randomly assigned to either one of the two intervention groups or the wait list (3 options) after the Preconceptional Cardiovascular Assessment (PcCA) and Stress Assessment (SA). After 12 weeks of intervention, or in the case of the wait list group, 12 weeks without intervention, another PcCA and SA will take place. Results after 12 weeks will be compared with baseline results. Additionally, in all groups online questionnaires will be filled in 6 months after baseline assessments. Women who were allocated to the wait list group are offered either mindfulness therapy or aerobic exercise training after completing the second PcCA and SA after 12 weeks. Study population: Primiparous women with an obstetric history of preeclampsia, according to ISSHP definition, who score ≥ 16 on the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) ≥ 41 on the State‐Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) or ≥ 10 on the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) during online questionnaires as part of the anamnesis of PcCA will be prompted to join the study. Women with pre‐existent diabetes mellitus, autoimmune disease, overt cardiovascular disease, or use of tabacco or medication that might affect the cardiovascular system are excluded from participation. Other exclusion criteria are plans to become pregnant within the time frame of the intervention (12 weeks) at time of baseline assessment. Intervention: One group receives a 12‐weeks standard online MBSR therapy, consisting of 8 weekly group meetings, one day silent retreat, and daily homework. A second group attends a 12‐week aerobe training program which consists of HR‐controlled training on a cycle trainer at 70‐80% individual heart rate reserve (HRR) for 2 to 3 times per week. Finally, the time control (wait list) group will be asked to continue normal activities and lifestyle and won't undergo guided mindfulness therapy or exercise training during the 12 weeks study period. Main study parameters: The primary endpoint is mental stress, evaluated with validated questionnaires PSS, STAI and EPDS. Secondary endpoints are the results of pre‐ and post‐intervention pre‐conceptional standard cardiovascular assessments. These cardiovascular assessments are in Maastricht UMC+ tertiary hospital care as usual after referral for preconceptional evaluation in women with a history of preeclampsia. This assessment includes: biometrics, 30‐minutes blood pressure and heart rate measurement, venous blood samples for metabolic syndrome screening, echocardiography and plasma volume assessment. For this specific study the investigators will additionally assess cortisol concentration in hair and evaluate sympathetic activity during a head‐up tilt test using non‐invasive heart rate variability analysis. During the exercise training, heartbeat monitoring will be measured using smartwatches. Feasibility of the interventions will be evaluate with additional participant survey at follow‐up measurement.
 Individual assessment for Immunosuppression Minimization in transplanted patients;  INTERVENTION: Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: TACROLIMUS CAS Number: 104987‐11‐3 Current Sponsor code: Tacrolimus Other descriptive name: Tacrolimus Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 0.5‐5 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: mycophenolate mofetil CAS Number: 128794‐94‐5 Current Sponsor code: mycophenolate mofetil Other descriptive name: MYCOPHENOLATE MOFETIL Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 250‐500 Product Name: Prednisolone Pharmaceutical Form: Suspension for injection INN or Proposed INN: Prednisolone Current Sponsor code: Prednisolone Other descriptive name: PREDNISOLONE Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ CONDITION: kidney transplant patients Therapeutic area: Body processes [G] ‐ Immune system processes [G12] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The main objective of the study is to demonstrate the utility and safety of the IFN‐? ELISPOT marker for the stratification of kidney transplant recipients into low and high IS regimens. The enrichment study will test non‐inferiority of low IS regimen compared to high IS regimen, assuming 10% of BPAR at 6‐months in the control group, and allowing a non‐inferiority limit of maximum 15%. Primary end point(s): The main objective of the study is to demonstrate the utility and safety of the IFN‐? ELISPOT marker for the stratification of kidney transplant recipients into low and high IS regimens. The enrichment study will test non‐inferiority of low IS regimen compared to high IS regimen, assuming 10% of BPAR at 6‐months in the control group, and allowing a non‐inferiority limit of maximum 15%. Secondary Objective: ‐ To investigate differences across treatment arms in the following secondary outcomes:; e.g. eGFR (ml/min) at 6 and 12 months etc.; ‐ Health economics, H‐R QoL and treatment cost (cost/benefit) at 1, 3, 6, 12 and 24 months. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 months post‐transplantation SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): To investigate differences across treatment arms in the following secondary outcomes:; ‐ eGFR (ml/min) assessed by the CKD‐EPI formula at 6 and 12 months ; ‐ Prevalence of biomarkers* of tolerance/hyporesponsiveness at 3 and 12 months.; ‐ Incidence, type, severity, treatment, and outcome of BPAR by 6 and 12 months after transplantation.; ‐ Prevalence, type, severity, treatment, and outcome of subclinical rejection by 6 and 12 months after transplantation.; ‐ Prevalence of death, and graft loss by 6 and 12 months.; ‐ Prevalence of metabolic and cardiovascular co‐morbidity (new onset diabetes mellitus (NODAT), dyslipidemias, hypertension) by 12 months.; ‐ Prevalence of subjects that remain MMF and steroid‐free at 6 and 12 months after transplantation; ‐ Prevalence of Acute and chronic histologic lesions assessed by the Bannf’11 score in protocol biopsies at months 3 and 12 post‐transplantation.; ‐ Prevalence of patients that remain on Therapy at 12 months after transplantation.; ‐ Distribution of patients in distinct chronic kidney diseases (CKD) stages by 12 months.; ‐ Health economics, H‐R QoL and treatment cost (cost/benefit) at 1, 3, 6, 12 and 24 months. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ eGFR (ml/min) assessed by the CKD‐EPI formula at 6 and 12 months; ‐ Prevalence of biomarkers* of tolerance/hyporesponsiveness at 3 and 12 months.; ‐ Incidence, type, severity, treatment, and outcome of BPAR by 6 and 12 months after transplantation.; ‐ Prevalence, type, severity, treatment, and outcome of subclinical rejection by 6 and 12 months after transplantation.; ‐ Prevalence of death, and graft loss by 6 and 12 months.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Men and women, age =18 years. 2) Subject must be a recipient of a first renal transplant from a deceased or living donor. 3) Subject must have a current documented PRA <20% and no detectable anti‐class I and II HLA antibodies by solid phase assay (Luminex®). 4) Subject is willing to provide signed written informed consent. 5) Women of Childbearing Potential (WOCBP) must be using a highly effective method of contraception to avoid pregnancy throughout the study in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is minimized. WOCBP include any female who has experienced menarche and who has not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation, or bilateral oophorectomy) or is not postmenopausal [defined as amenorrhea = 12 consecutive months; or women on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) with documented serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) level > 35 mIU/mL]. WOCBP must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test (mi
 Prevention of breast and endometrial cancer using total dietary replacement;  INTERVENTION: Women will either be approached in clinics or by invitation through mailshot from the Nightingale Family History clinic. Posters will also be placed in clinics and staff invited to join if they fulfil eligibility criteria. Women will either be sent or handed the PIS and will have at least 24 hours to consider whether they wish to participate. If so they will sign informed consent form with an investigator and commence screening. Screening will consist of measurement of height and weight to calculate BMI, the trial of an OptifastÂ® drink in clinic, unless previously tried and exclusion of pregnancy through urine pregnancy test. Medical history will be taken and screening questionnaires completed: Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT), Binge Eating Scale (BES), Patient Health Questionnaire‐9 (PHQ‐9) and Generalised Anxiety Disorder scale (GAD‐7). If eligibility is confirmed baseline breast biopsy and blood sampling will be undertaken in the luteal phase (one week before expected menstruation) of the menstrual cycle, endometrial sampling will then be undertaken in the follicular phase (week following menstruation) of the menstrual cycle. This study will involve 47 women. Thirty‐one will be placed in an immediate 850 calorie diet group (group 1), and 16 will be placed in a delayed 850 calorie diet group (group 2). Randomisation: Via minimisation routine software package. Stratified based upon: 1. Above or below a BMI of 35 kg/mÂ² 2. Above or below projected median lifetime risk of breast cancer =17% remaining lifetime risk (Tyrer‐Cuzick score) The delayed diet group will be asked to maintain their normal diet for the CONDITION: Cancer prevention ; Cancer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Epithelial cell proliferation (Ki67) in the breast and endometrium at baseline and 12 +/‐ 4 weeks measured using biopsy INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women aged 30‐50 years 2. BMI =30 kg/m2 or =27.5 mg/m2 in Asian and South Asian women 3. Pre‐menopausal, with regular menstrual cycles (cycle length 21 to 40 days) 4. Have access to and be able to use a smartphone or tablet running iOS or Android and be able to use the Oviva app OR access and ability to use a telephone 5. Willing to follow the TDR using OptifastÂ® drinks and have previously sampled them 6. Agree to maintain non‐hormonal contraception (barrier or abstinence) until both sets of biopsies are complete and must have a negative urine pregnancy test at screening. 7. Women with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus on diet +/‐ Metformin control can be included. 8. Must be able to read, understand and communicate in English SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; 1. Cancer risk biomarkers; including fasting insulin, lipids, glucose, inflammatory markers inc. CRP, leptin, adiponectin, methylation, insulin like growth factor ‐1 (IGF‐1) measured using blood tests at baseline, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months; 2. Uptake, retention and adherence to TDR and 12‐month weight loss programme measured using patient records at end of study; 3. Weight (kg) measured at baseline, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months; 4. Body fat measured using bioelectrical impedance at baseline, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months; 5. Fat free mass (kg) measured using bioelectrical impedance at baseline, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months; 6. Waist and hip circumference measured at baseline, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months; 7. Blood and tissue markers of breast and endometrial cancer and cardiovascular disease measured using a blood test and biopsy at baseline, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months; 8. Quality of life (anxiety, depression, quality of life, self‐efficacy, self‐satisfaction with weight loss during the programme measured using: Generalised Anxiety Disorder‐7 [GAD‐7] scale, Participant Health Questionnaire‐9 [PHQ‐9], EQ‐5D‐3L, Weight Efficacy Lifestyle Questionnaire Short Form [WEL‐SF], Obesity and Weight Loss Quality of Life [OWL‐QOL] baseline, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, 15 months (control group only); 9. Adverse effects measured using patient records at end of study; 10. Diet measured using a 7 day food diary questionnaire at baseline, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, 15 months (control group only); 11. Physical activity behaviours measured using IPAQ at baseline, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, 15 months (control group only); 12. Fidelity of delivery of the 12‐month TDR and weight loss programme measured using adherence (7 day food diary)/compliance (weight loss) /loss to follow‐up ‐ evaluated at close of trial; ; Exploratory outcome measures:; 13. Markers of the cellular hierarchy in breast +/‐ endometrium measured using dual immunofluorescence/FACS sorting, using paired biopsy samples from months 0 and 3; 14. Transcriptional and proteomic changes measured using RNAseq/qRT‐PCR, using paired biopsy samples from months 0 and 3; 15. Mammographic density of the breast assessed at baseline and trial exit, scored using Bi‐RADS;
 Maternal microcirculation and sidestream dark field imaging: a prospective assessment of the association between labour pain and analgesia on the microcirculation of pregnant women;  BACKGROUND: Pregnancy places significant demands on the cardiovascular system leading to measurable changes in the macrocirculation and potentially the microcirculation. During labour, both uterine contractions and labour pain can further impact cardiovascular status. The objective of this observational study was to compare sublingual microcirculation in labouring parturients before and after epidural analgesia. METHODS: Healthy pregnant, labouring women requesting epidural analgesia were approached to participate. Participants with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity, smoking or caffeine intake were excluded. The sidestream dark field device was applied to the sublingual mucosa obtaining images of at least 20 seconds in 5 visual fields before and after epidural analgesia. Video clips were analyzed randomly and blindly. The primary outcome was mean microvascular flow index (MFI). RESULTS: Twelve participants completed this study. The results demonstrate no statistically significant difference in the MFI during labour pain (2.9±0.1) compared to after epidural analgesia (3.0±0.04, p = 0.31). Furthermore, there were no statistically significant differences in any secondary outcomes. CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate that epidural analgesia may not impact sublingual microcirculation in labouring women. This agrees with literature supporting epidural analgesia as a safe, appropriate method of pain relief during labour with limited impact on peripheral macro or microcirculation.
 STUDY TO OPTIMIZE IMMUNOSUPPRESSIVE MEDICATION AS A RESULT OF TWO MARKERS IN PATIENTS WHO RECEIVE A RENAL TRANSPLANTATION OF A LIVE DONOR;  INTERVENTION: Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: TACROLIMUS CAS Number: 104987‐11‐3 Current Sponsor code: TACROLIMUS Other descriptive name: TACROLIMUS Concentration unit: mg/kg milligram(s)/kilogram Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.1‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: MYCOPHENOLATE MOFETIL Current Sponsor code: MYCOPHENOLATE MOFETIL Other descriptive name: MYCOPHENOLATE MOFETIL Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 1000‐1500 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: BASILIXIMAB CAS Number: 179045‐86‐4 Current Sponsor code: BASILIXIMAB Other descriptive name: BASILIXIMAB Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: METHYLPREDNISOLONE Current Sponsor code: METHYLPREDNISOLONE Other descriptive name: METHYLPREDNISOLONE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 500‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: PREDNISONE Current Sponsor code: PREDNISONE Other descriptive name: PREDNISONE Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 60‐ Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: ANTI‐HUMAN T‐LYMPHOCYTE IMMUNOGLOBULIN FROM RABBITS Current Sponsor code: ANTI‐HUMAN T‐LYMPHOCYTE IMMUNOGLOBULIN FROM RABBITS Other descriptive name: ANTI‐HUMAN T‐LYMPHOCYTE IMMUNOGLOBULIN FROM RABBITS Concentration unit: mg/kg milligram(s)/kilogram Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 3‐ CONDITION: PROPHYLAXIS OF REJECTION AFTER KIDNEY TRANSPLANTATION ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10023439 Term: Kidney transplant rejection System Organ Class: 10021428 ‐ Immune system disorders Therapeutic area: Analytical, Diagnostic and Therapeutic Techniques and Equipment [E] ‐ Investigative Techniques [E05] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The main objective of the trial is to determine the effect of individualizing immunosuppressive therapy based on stratification of baseline immunological risk according to 2 biomarkers (ELISPOT IFN‐G d‐sp and HLA Eplets Missmatch), in a composed end‐point: loss of renal function, incidence of acute rejection and development of dnDSA at 2 years of follow‐up in renal transplant patients of living donor compared to patients followed according to standard non‐individualized immunosuppressive regimen Primary end point(s): The main variable is a composite variable at 2 years of follow‐up, including loss of renal function, incidence of acute clinical rejection, and development of "de novo" (dn) Donor Specific Antibodies (DSA). Secondary Objective: To assess whether individualized stratification of immunological risk and therapeutic optimization reduces:; ‐ patient mortality; ‐ loss of renal graft; ‐ the development of subclinical and chronic rejection determined in protocol biopsies at 3 and 24 months; ‐ Opportunistic infections; ‐ the metabolopathies derived from the treatment (diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and hypertension); ‐ malignancies (cutaneous and non‐cutaneous cancer) at 2 years of follow‐up; ‐ the economic cost.; Evaluate changes:; ‐ in the allogenic d‐sp response over the 2‐year follow‐up (dnDSA, ELISPOT IFN‐ and d‐sp, cytokines in urine); ‐ the transcriptional profile of rejection risk according to the kSORT test; ‐ the antiviral cellular response to CMV, EBV and VBK viruses. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Secondary variables:; A‐ Mortality from any cause at 24 months; B‐ Loss of renal graft at 24 months; C‐ Incidence and severity of subclinical and chronic rejection (according to protocol biopsies at 3 and 24 months); D‐ Incidence of opportunistic infections at 24 months; E‐ Incidence of treatment‐derived metabolopathies (diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and hypertension) at 24 months; F‐ Incidence of cardiovascular events at 24 months; G‐ Incidence of malignancy (cutaneous and non‐cutaneous cancer) at 24 months; H‐ Proportion of patients who maintain treatment according to the protocol at the end of the trial.; I‐ Changes in the immune response at 24 months according to biomarkers:; ‐ allogeneic response (dn‐DSA, ELISPOT IFN‐G d‐sp, Memory B cell Elispot, urinary cytokines CXCL9 and CXCL10); ; ‐ transcriptional profile in blood of risk of rejection according to the kSORT test; ; Antiviral cell response to CMV, EBV, VBK; NKG2; ; J‐ Economic cost.; K‐ Serious adverse reactions (serious adverse events with possible causal relationship with immunosuppressive treatment). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 24 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Adult men and women (= 18 years). 2) Receptors of a first kidney transplant from a living donor. 3) AB0 compatible transplant. 4) Patients with a documented PRA <20% and absence of anti‐HLA class I and class II antibodies by solid phase assay (Luminex®). 5) Patients who agree to participate in the Assay by signing the Informed Consent specific to this study. 6) Potentially fertile women should use high‐reliability contraceptive methods (Pearl‐Index <1) to prevent pregnancy for the duration of the study and up to 6 weeks after the end of their treatment with Mycophenolate Mofetil (MMF). Potentially Fertile Women include any woman who has experienced menarche and who has not undergone successful surgical sterilization (hysterectomy, bilateral tubal ligation or bilateral oophorectomy) or is not post‐menopausal (defined as amenorrhoea = 12 consecutive months, or women who are receiving hormone replacement therapy with a documented level of follicle
 The effect of olive oil in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive olive oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. Blood samples were also collected before and after the intervention. Intervention 2: The intervention group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive sunflower oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. Blood samples were also collected before and after the intervention. The intervention group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive olive oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. Blood samples were also collected before and after the intervention. The intervention group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive sunflower oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. Blood samples were also collected before and after the intervention. Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) Nonalcoholic fatty liver. ; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Insulin resistance index. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: blood test. Oxidative stress index. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. TNF‐Alpha. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and end of each month. Method of measurement: Barometr. BMI. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and end of each month. Method of measurement: Balance‐Meter. Changes in body composition (fat and muscle mass). Timepoint: Before the intervention, after the intervention. Method of measurement: BIA devices. The degree of fatty liver. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after the intervention. Method of measurement: Ultrasound. Waist Circomfrance. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and end of each month. Method of measurement: Meter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: having NAFLD by medical diagnosis (using ultrasound); BMI = 25 and above; willingness to participate in the study, the absence of diabetes mellitus type 2;heart disease; cardiovascular and liver disease (cirrhosis, liver disease Alcohol, viral hepatitis, autoimmune hepatitis, primary biliary cirrhosis, biliary obstruction, liver damage induced by drugs hereditary Hemochromatosis, sclerosis cholangitis and antitrypsin deficiency of a‐a‐1);other serious diseases such as cancer; kidney failure and celiac disease, etc); lack of pregnancy ;lactation; lack of drugs that are causing fatty liver (methotrexate, tamoxifen, Valproate, etc.); avoiding the use of any type of lipid lowering agents (atorvastatin, lovastatin, pravastatin, etc.); fibrates (gemfibrozil, fenofibrate); lack of malnutrition; have no special diets such as vegan and vegetarian; not drinking alcohol and having over 18 years of age. Exclusion criteria: non‐compliance with recommended die
 The effect of flaxseed oil in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The control group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive sunflower oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. Intervention 2: The intervention group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive flaxseed oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. The control group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive sunflower oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. The intervention group consisted of 40 patients. Randomly placed in this group. 20 grams per day for 3 months receive flaxseed oil. Diet and recommendations are presented separately for each person. The exact consumption of oil is measured by graded modules. Outcomes measured before and after the intervention. At the beginning and end of study and end of each month, 3‐day recall, blood pressure and anthropometric indices will be taken. Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: (Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver. ; (Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric indices. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after the intervention and the end of each month. Method of measurement: Devices BIA, scales, meters. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after the intervention and the end of each month. Method of measurement: Barometer. Changing in the degree of fatty liver. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after the intervention. Method of measurement: Ultrasound. Lipid profile. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. Liver enzymes. Timepoint: Before the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: blood test. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: having NAFLD by medical diagnosis (using ultrasound) ; BMI = 25 and above ; willingness to participate in the study, the absence of diabetes mellitus type 2 ;heart disease ;cardiovascular and liver disease (cirrhosis, liver disease Alcohol, viral hepatitis, autoimmune hepatitis, primary biliary cirrhosis, biliary obstruction, liver damage induced by drugs hereditary Hemochromatosis, sclerosis cholangitis and antitrypsin deficiency of a‐a‐1) ;other serious diseases such as cancer ;kidney failure and celiac disease, etc) ;lack of pregnancy ;lactation ;lack of drugs that are causing fatty liver (methotrexate, tamoxifen, Valproate, etc.) ;avoiding the use of any type of lipid lowering agents (atorvastatin, lovastatin, pravastatin, etc.) ;fibrates (gemfibrozil, fenofibrate) ;lack of malnutrition ;have no special diets such as vegan and vegetarian ;not drinking alcohol and having over 18 years of age. Exclusion criteria: non‐compliance with recommended
 Operative Versus Non-operative Treatment of Achilles Tendon Rupture;  Methodology This study is a multi‐centre prospective randomized controlled clinical trial. This study will be conducted at five tertiary care centres by orthopaedic surgeons with an interest in soft tissue trauma. All subjects will be recruited over a one year period. Subjects who meet the following inclusion and exclusion criteria and who consent to involvement in the study will be randomized to either operative or non‐operative arms of the study. All patients who enter the study will receive a pre‐treatment ultrasound to document that the tear is complete and to document the location of the tear. Prior to obtaining consent for the study the risks and benefits of each treatment option will be clearly explained along with the current state of knowledge concerning treatment of Achilles tendon ruptures. It will be explained to each study participant that involvement in the study is voluntary and that they are free to discontinue their involvement at any point in their treatment . Inclusion Criteria ‐ Complete Achilles Tendon Rupture ‐ Less than 7 days from date of injury ‐ Age 18‐70 years of age ‐ Ability to follow rehab protocol Exclusion Criteria ‐ Inability to Speak English ‐ Significant ipsilateral injury ‐ Open injury to Achilles tendon ‐ Neurological disease (ie stroke, cerebral palsy) ‐ Collagen Disease (ie Ehlers Danlos disease) ‐ Pregnancy ‐ Fluoroquinolone associated rupture (rupture within 2 weeks of taking medication) ‐ Unfit for surgery ‐ Diabetes ‐ Peripheral Vascular disease ‐ Avulsion of Achilles tendon from calcaneus Surgical Repair If randomized to the operative group, all patients will be evaluated and informed consent obtained. Surgery will performed as outpatient day surgery. Prophylactic antibiotics will be given one hour prior to the procedure. All patients will receive general anaesthesia and endotracheal intubation. The patient will be positioned prone on bolsters on the operative table. A tourniquet will be applied to the thigh of the affected extremity and inflated to 300 mmHg at the start of the case. In the recovery room the patient will be fitted with a plaster backslab in gravity plantar flexion (approx. 20 degrees). Postoperative Protocol Patients will be instructed to be non‐weight bearing on their injured side with crutch assistance until seen in the outpatient clinic in 7‐10 days. Patients will then be fitted for and Air Cast Boot splint. Patients will then be instructed to be weight bearing as tolerated on their injured side with crutch assistance for a period of six weeks. Patients will be allowed active plantar flexion and dorsiflexion up to neutral with physiotherapy supervision. The Air Cast Boot will be removed for therapy but should be worn otherwise for protection. At six weeks patients will have their splints removed and be allowed to weight bear as tolerated. At the six week interval patients will also begin to perform dorsiflexion stretching exercises and will begin graduated resistance exercises. Follow up appointments will be 2 weeks, 6 weeks, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year and 2 years following surgery. Re‐rupture Rate and Complications The primary outcome measure will be re‐rupture rate. This will be determined at follow‐up intervals of: 2 weeks, 6 weeks, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year, 2 years Minor complications ‐ superficial infection ‐ wound hematoma ‐ delayed wound healing ‐ scar adhesion ‐ sensory disturbances ‐ suture granuloma Major Complications ‐ re‐rupture ‐ equinus postioning of foot ‐ extreme lengthening of tendon ‐ deep infection ‐ chronic fistula ‐ necrosis of skin ‐ deep vein thrombosis ‐ embolism The affected limb will be prepared and draped in the standard fashion. A medial to lateral curvilinear incision will be utilzed. The posterior aspect of the tendon and tendon sheath will then be exposed. Evacuation of the overlying clot will then expose the ruptured tendon. Two ethibond sutures will be placed in each end of the torn tendon (total of four sutures). Two ethibond sutures will be placed in a modified Bunnel stitch fashion entering at the tear site, first going proximally towards normal tendon and then distally towards the calcaneus. With the foot in neutral alignment the sutures will be tied proximally and distally in normal tendon away from the tear site. A 2‐0 vicryl suture will then be place at the site of the repair in a running fashion to augment the repair. The wound will be irrigated and the tendon sheath will be closed with a running 2‐0 running vicryl stitch. The skin will be closed with interrupted 3‐0 nylon suture and a sterile dressing and tubigrip applied. Functional Bracing Treatment If randomized to the functional bracing group, subjects will have an Air Cast Boot splint applied with a 2cm felt heel lift. Ath two weeks the heel lift will be removed. As with the operative group patients will be weight bearing as tolerated on their injured side with crutch assistance for six weeks. Similarly, subjects will be allowed to remove the Air Cast Boot and perform active plantar flexion and dorsiflexion up to neutral with physiotherapy supervision. At six weeks the patients will have their Cast Boots removed and dorsiflexion stretching exercises will be begun. A gentle resistance program will also begin at six weeks along with dorsiflexion stretching exercises. Follow up appointments will be 2 weeks, 6 weeks, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year and 2 years following the initial injury. Re‐rupture rates between the operative and non‐operative groups will be calculated and statistically analysed using a student's t test. P values of less than 0.05 will be considered significant. Any clinical suspicion of a re‐rupture will require an ultrasound for confirmation. Re‐ruptures will be treated surgically. At the above listed follow‐up intervals other complications will also be recorded including: ‐ death Range of Motion, Strength and Calf Circumference Range of motion and calf circumference will be documented at 6 weeks, 3 months, 6 months, 1 year and 2 years. Active range of motion only will be recorded to avoid healing setbacks. Calf circumference will be recorded and compared to the unaffected extremity. Strength Testing Strength testing will be performed on all study participants. This will be done at follow‐up visits at 6 months, 1 year and 2 years. These measurements will include peak torque and total work. A cybex dynamometer will be used to test isokinetic concentric plantar and dorsiflexion strength at 30, 90 and 240 degrees per second. All values will be compared to the opposite unaffected side. Scores will then be transformed into a percentage of the unaffected side and points awarded appropriately as per the outcome measure designed by Leppilahti et al. Disease Specific Quality of Life In the debate surrounding the most effective management of Achilles tendon ruptures, surgeons have argued about which individual factor signifies success. Many authors have suggested that re‐rupture rate should be considered the measure of successful treatment, while others suggest minor complications or return to sport may also warrant consideration. This study will utilize a previously published outcome scoring system that attempts to evaluate important factors in the recovery from this injury. This measurement tool published by Leppilahti et al utilizes a combination of factors including pain, stiffness and footwear restrictions as well as objective strength values, to arrive at an overall score. Statistical analysis using a students t test will be applied to the outcome score means of the operative and non‐operative groups. P values of less than 0.05 will be considered significant. The application of this scoring system to a prospective randomized trial comparing operative and non‐operative treatment of this condition will hopefully shed some much needed light on this therapeutic dilemma.
 Effect of Na/K citrate on contrast media-induced acute kidney injury;  INTERVENTION: Control group: All patients will receive intravenous hydration (2 litter of normal saline From 2 h before until 6 h after the contrast intake) Intervention 1: Intervention group: all of the patients will receive Na/K citrate (one hour before and four hours after contrast intake) in addition to intravenous hydration (2 litter normal saline from 2 h before to 6 h after injection of contrast media). Potassium citrate is a potassium salt of citric acid with the molecular formula C6H5K3O7. Sodium citrate has the chemical formula of Na3C6H5O7. The combination formula is sodium –potassium citrate, a white odorless crystalline powder with a saline taste. It rapidly absorbs when given by mouth and leads to urine alkalization. It is widely administered in urinary calculi (kidney stones) treatment. The drug applied in this research (trade name Na/K Citrate) is made in Iran (Sepidaj chemical company). Intervention 2: Control group: All patients will receive intravenous hydration (2 litter of normal saline From 2 h before until 6 h after the contrast intake). Intervention group: all of the patients will receive Na/K citrate (one hour before and four hours after contrast intake) in addition to intravenous hydration (2 litter normal saline from 2 h before to 6 h after injection of contrast media). Potassium citrate is a potassium salt of citric acid with the molecular formula C6H5K3O7. Sodium citrate has the chemical formula of Na3C6H5O7. The combination formula is sodium –potassium citrate, a white odorless crystalline powder with a saline taste. It rapidly absorbs when given by mouth and leads to urine alkalization. It is widely administered in urinary calculi (kidney stones) treatment. The drug applied in this research (trade name Na/K Citrate) is made in Iran (Sepidaj chemical company). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Acute renal failure. ; Acute renal impairment Acute renal impairment PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum creatinine. Timepoint: Before and 48 h after contrast intake. Method of measurement: laboratory Kit (enzymatic method). Urine PH. Timepoint: Before and 1 hour after citrate intake. Method of measurement: Urine dipstick. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The inclusion criteria are the existence of at least one risk factor of contrast‐induced nephropathy, namely: 1‐ Moderate systolic heart failure [ (EF) Ejection Fraction between 30‐45%]2‐ Diabetes mellitus 3‐ Older than 75 year‐old 4‐ Moderate renal insufficiency (serum creatinine level between 1/5‐2 mg/dl) 5‐ Hypotension (systolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg 6‐ Anaemia 7‐ History of hypertension. Exclusion criteria; 1‐ pregnancy and lactation 2‐ History of allergic reaction to contrast media 3‐ Occurrence of cardiogenic shock and pulmonary edema during study 4‐Urgent catheterization 5‐ Serum creatinine level higher than 2 mg/dl and previous history of dialysis 6‐ Receiving contrast medium 48 h before and after the intervention 7‐ Receiving diuretics, N‐acetylcystein, sodium bicarbonate, theophylline, dopamine, mannitol, fenoldopam, metformin and NSAID’S during the study 8‐ Requiring to continue hydration therapy (e.g., sepsis condition) 9‐Severe heart fai
 Comparison of 3 Protective regimens for preventing contrast-induced nephropathy in high risk patients;  INTERVENTION: (1) The sodium bicarbonate solution will be prepared by adding 150 mL of 1000‐mEq/L sodium bicarbonate to 850 mL of sodium chloride. Patients will receive the same dose of sodium bicarbonate solution (3mL/ kg/ h) for 1 hour before contrast media, followe by an infusion of 1 mL/kg per hour for 6 hours after the procedure. (2) All patients will be received the same dose of sodium chloride (1 mL/kg/ h upper limit 100 mL/h) for 12 hours before and 12 hours after the procedure. The study drug (acetylcysteine 600 mg) will be administered orally twice daily for two doses before the procedure and two doses after the procedure (3) All patients will be received the same dose of sodium chloride (1 mL/kg/h upper limit 100 mL/h) for 12 hours before and 12 hours after the procedure. Intervention 1: (1) The sodium bicarbonate solution will be prepared by adding 150 mL of 1000‐mEq/L sodium bicarbonate to 850 mL of sodium chloride. Patients will receive the same dose of sodium bicarbonate solution (3mL/ kg/ h) for 1 hour before contrast media, followe by an infusion of 1 mL/kg per hour for 6 hours after the procedure. Intervention 2: (2) All patients will be received the same dose of sodium chloride (1 mL/kg/ h upper limit 100 mL/h) for 12 hours before and 12 hours after the procedure. The study drug (acetylcysteine 600 mg) will be administered orally twice daily for two doses before the procedure and two doses after the procedure. Intervention 3: (3) All patients will be received the same dose of sodium chloride (1 mL/kg/h upper limit 100 mL/h) for 12 hours before and 12 hours after the procedure. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Contrast‐induced nephropathy. ; Nephropathy induced by heavy metals Nephropathy induced by heavy metals PRIMARY OUTCOME: Decrease of contrast‐Induced nephropathy. Timepoint: Serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) levels will be measured in the morning on the first day before coronary angiography (day 1) and in the morning on second day after the procedure. PH urine level will be measured in the morning on the day before and after coronary angiography. Method of measurement: Serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and PH urine levels will be measured, and creatinine clearance will be calculated according to the Cockcroft‐Gault equation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients, who have at least one of the following risk factors: 1) Age>65 years, 2) Diabetes mellitus, 3) Heart failure (25%>ejection fraction>40%), 4) Renal insufficiency (creatinine³1.5mg/dl), 5) Control hypertension (systolic and diastolic blood pressure <160 mm Hg and < 100 mm Hg, respectively), 6) Recent use of NSAID’S, ACE inhibitor and amino glycosides drugs. Exclusion criteria : 1) Pregnancy & lactation, 2) Allergy to radiographic contras,t 3) Have of cardogenic shock, pulmonary edema, multiple myeloma, pulmonary ventilation and emergency catheterization 4) Serum creatinine levels< 4 mg/dL and preexisting dialysis 5) Exposure to contrast medium within the preceding 48 hours of the study, 6) Receive of diuretics, N‐acetylcystein, sodium bicarbonate, theophylline, dopamine, mannitol, fenoldopam, metformin and NSAID’S during the study period. 7) Need for continuous hydration therapy (e.g., sepsis), 8) Uncontrolled hypertension (systolic and d
 Body Composition and Cardiometabolic Risk Markers in Children of Women who Took Part in a Randomized Controlled Trial of a Preconceptional Nutritional Intervention in Mumbai, India;  BACKGROUND: Maternal nutrition influences fetal development and may permanently alter ("program") offspring body composition and metabolism, thereby influencing later risk of diabetes and cardiovascular (cardiometabolic) disease. The prevalence of cardiometabolic disease is rising rapidly in India. OBJECTIVES: To test the hypothesis that supplementing low‐income Indian women with micronutrient‐rich foods preconceptionally and during pregnancy has a beneficial impact on the children's body composition and cardiometabolic risk marker profiles. METHODS: Follow‐up of 1255 children aged 5‐10 y whose mothers took part in the Mumbai Maternal Nutrition Project [Project "SARAS"; International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN)62811278]. Mothers were randomly assigned to receive a daily micronutrient‐rich snack or a control snack of lower micronutrient content, both made from local foods, in addition to normal diet, from before pregnancy until delivery. Children's body composition was assessed using anthropometry and DXA. Their blood pressure, plasma glucose, insulin, and lipid concentrations were measured. Outcomes were compared between allocation groups with and without adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: Overall, 15% of children were stunted, 34% were wasted, and 3% were overweight. In the intention‐to‐treat analysis, there were no differences in body composition or risk markers between children in the intervention and control groups. Among children whose mothers started supplementation ≥3 mo before conception (the "per protocol" sample) the intervention increased adiposity among girls, but not boys. BMI in girls was increased relative to controls by 2% (95% CI: 1, 4; P = 0.01); fat mass index by 10% (95% CI: 3, 18; P = 0.004); and percent fat by 7% (95% CI: 1, 13; P = 0.01) unadjusted, with similar results in adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, supplementing women with micronutrient‐rich foods from before pregnancy until delivery did not alter body composition or cardiometabolic risk markers in the children. Subgroup analyses showed that, if started ≥3 mo before conception, supplementation may increase adiposity among female children.
 A Phase 3 Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Pimodivir in Combination With the Standard-of-care Treatment in Adolescent, Adult, and Elderly Hospitalized Patients With Influenza A Infection;  INTERVENTION: Patients should take their prescribed doses of IP. There are two treatment groups in this study: * Pimodivir 600 mg, 2 tablets, twice per day for 5 days plus standard of care treatment * Placebo, 2 tablets, twice per day for 5 days plus standard of care treatment * This may be extended by PI for up to 5 additional days Furthermore, their data of Medical history (including status of influenza vaccinations) and demographic data will be collected They must undergo physical and vital signs examinations. Female participants will have a pregnancy test. An electrocardiogram will be made. Blood, nasal swap sample and urine will be collected . CONDITION: ; Flu ; influenza A 10047438 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary Endpoint ; The primary endpoint is the hospital recovery scale as assessed on Day 6.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Safety and tolerability based on assessment of adverse events (AEs), ; clinical laboratory assessments, 12‐lead electrocardiograms (ECGs), vital ; signs, and peripheral capillary oxygen saturation. ; 2. Time from start of study drug to hospital discharge and total length of ; hospital stay. ; 3. Time from ICU admission to ICU discharge and total time in ICU. ; 4. Time from start to end of mechanical ventilation and total time on ; mechanical ventilation. ; 5. The hospital recovery scale as assessed each separate day from Days 2 to 14 ; (excluding the primary time point). ; 6. Time to return to daily activities. ; 7. Incidence of complications associated with influenza after the start of ; study treatment. ; 8. All‐cause mortality. ; 9. Incidence and duration of antibiotic treatment. ; 10. The number (proportion) of subjects needing extended treatment. ; 11. The number (proportion) of subjects requiring re‐hospitalization. ; 12. The number (proportion) of subjects not hospitalized at Day 6. ; 13. Time to clinical response. ; 14. Time to respiratory response. ; 15. PK parameters of pimodivir (ie, plasma concentration just prior to the ; beginning or at the end of a dosing interval [Ctrough], Cmax, tmax, ; and AUC12h), as determined by population PK analysis. ; 16. The acceptability of the pimodivir formulation in adolescents, as measured ; by a taste and swallowability questionnaire. ; 17. Time to viral negativity by qRT‐PCR and viral culture. ; 18. Viral load over time by qRT‐PCR and viral culture. ; 19. The emergence of viral resistance against pimodivir detected by genotyping ; and/or phenotyping. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: * Male or female, 13 to 85 years of age, inclusive. Note: Adolescent subjects (13‐17 years) will be enrolled in selected countries and study sites consistent with local regulations. * Tested positive for influenza A infection after the onset of symptoms using a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)‐based or other rapid molecular diagnostic assay. * Requires hospitalization to treat influenza infection and/or to treat complications of influenza infection (eg, radiological signs of lower respiratory tract disease, septic shock, central nervous system [CNS] involvement, myositis, rhabdomyolysis, acute exacerbation of chronic kidney disease, severe dehydration, myocarditis, pericarditis, ischemic heart disease, exacerbation of underlying chronic pulmonary disease, including asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease [COPD], decompensation of previously controlled diabetes mellitus), including subjects admitted to the in
 The efficacy and safety of etrifel saqir in obese patients with placebo;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Volunteers will take a teaspoon concoction of placebo twice a day for three months. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Drug majoneh etrifel saqir composed of Phyllanthus emblica, Terminalia chebula ret, Terminaliacitrina roxb, Myrobalanus nigrae, Terminalia bellerica, a component inside almond oil and Honey. Volunteers will take a teaspoon concoction twice a day for three months. Intervention 2: Control group: Volunteers will take a teaspoon concoction of placebo twice a day for three months. Intervention group: Drug majoneh etrifel saqir composed of Phyllanthus emblica, Terminalia chebula ret, Terminaliacitrina roxb, Myrobalanus nigrae, Terminalia bellerica, a component inside almond oil and Honey. Volunteers will take a teaspoon concoction twice a day for three months. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories Obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Monthly. Method of measurement: Calculation of height and Weight. Volume hip circumference. Timepoint: Before intervention, 4weeks after intervention,8 weeks after intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Metric. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Monthly. Method of measurement: Metric. Weight. Timepoint: Monthly. Method of measurement: Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Alanine transaminase. Timepoint: At the begining and 12th week. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Aspartate aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before intervention,12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Monthly. Method of measurement: Blood pressure barometer. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Serum Alkaline Phosphatase. Timepoint: At the begining and 12th week. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Serum Cholestrole. Timepoint: Before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Serum Creatinin. Timepoint: Before intervention,12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Serum High Density Lipo protein(HDL). Timepoint: Before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Serum low density lipoprotein level. Timepoint: Before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. Serum Triglycerid. Timepoint: Before intervention, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory measurement method auto analyzer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Having BMI more than 30; age between 16 to 60 years old;(Between50 to 60 with normal ECG) inform consent signed by the patient; those who can over the next three months five times refer for take drugs and laboratory examination and Waist circumference > 102 cm (men) or > 88 cm (women) Exclusion Criteria: Heavy Smoking(More than twenty cigarettes per daily); pregnancy; patients with coronary heart vascular disease; diabetes mellitus; patients with proven malignancy, asthma, chronic cough, chronic lung inflammatory and bowel disease, fever of unknown origin; patients with a history of chronic kidney and liver disease(Exception fatty liver and not including obesity, allergies, skin problems, or occasional GERD or IBS symptoms); obesity due to endocrine (hypothyroidism, uncontrolled disease) disease; genetic obesity syndrome; patients treated recently with sliming drugs; patients in the last three months, have been taken thin regimes; having psycholo
 Comparison of the effect of verapamil with corticosteroids in the treatment of keloids;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Intralesional injection of maximum 1 milliliter of triamcinolone acetonide (40 milligram per milliliter) every 3 weeks till the scar flattened or for a maximum period of 6 months. The injections will be made at 1 centimeter interval in the lesion with an insulin syringe and 30 gauge needle to achieve complete and evenly distributed blanching of the lesion at endpoint. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Intralesional injection of maximum 1 milliliter of verapamil hydrochloride (2.5 milligram per milliliter) every 3 weeks till the scar flattened or for a maximum period of 6 months. The injections will be made at 1 centimeter interval in the lesion with an insulin syringe and 30 gauge needle to achieve complete and evenly distributed blanching of the lesion at endpoint. Intervention 2: Control group: Intralesional injection of maximum 1 milliliter of triamcinolone acetonide (40 milligram per milliliter) every 3 weeks till the scar flattened or for a maximum period of 6 months. The injections will be made at 1 centimeter interval in the lesion with an insulin syringe and 30 gauge needle to achieve complete and evenly distributed blanching of the lesion at endpoint. Intervention group: Intralesional injection of maximum 1 milliliter of verapamil hydrochloride (2.5 milligram per milliliter) every 3 weeks till the scar flattened or for a maximum period of 6 months. The injections will be made at 1 centimeter interval in the lesion with an insulin syringe and 30 gauge needle to achieve complete and evenly distributed blanching of the lesion at endpoint. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hypertrophic scar Keloid. ; Hypertrophic scar PRIMARY OUTCOME: Height of the scar. Timepoint: Before intervention, every 3 weeks for a period of 6 months, 3 months after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Using ruler and scoring based on Vancouver Scar Scale. Scar pigmentation. Timepoint: Before intervention, every 3 weeks for a period of 6 months, 3 months after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Observation and scoring based on Vancouver Scar Scale. Scar pliability. Timepoint: Before intervention, every 3 weeks for a period of 6 months, 3 months after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Palpation and scoring based on Vancouver Scar Scale. Vascularity. Timepoint: Before intervention, every 3 weeks for a period of 6 months, 3 months after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: visual inspection and the rate of refill after blanching and scoring based on Vancouver Scar Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Patient's satisfaction. Timepoint: At the end of the study. Method of measurement: Asking the patients about any alternation in side effects of the keloids e.g. pain and pruritus. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age over 18 years; two or more hypertrophic scars or keloids; total area less than 10 square centimeters; no previous treatment; scars under 5 years duration Exclusion criteria: Facial keloids; infection or ulcer, in or near the scar; pregnancy and lactation; patients with systemic illness like diabetes mellitus, mental disorder, cancer and cardiac disease; dark pigmented skin
 Comparing the effects of intravenous ephedrine, of muscular ephedrine and of intradermal ephedrine in preventing hypotension;  INTERVENTION: In The fourth group received a placebo, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then 2 ml of saline immediately after spinal anesthesia will be administered to any patient. In the second group received intradermal drug, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then 10 minutes before spinal anesthesia in the forearm intradermal injection of 10 mg of ephedrine will. In The third group received an intravenous drug, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then immediately after spinal anesthesia will be administered to the patient intravenously 20 mg ephedrine. Intervention 1: In The third group received an intravenous drug, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then immediately after spinal anesthesia will be administered to the patient intravenously 20 mg ephedrine. Intervention 2: In The fourth group received a placebo, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then 2 ml of saline immediately after spinal anesthesia will be administered to any patient. Intervention 3: In the second group received intradermal drug, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then 10 minutes before spinal anesthesia in the forearm intradermal injection of 10 mg of ephedrine will. Intervention 4: The first group received the drug muscle, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then 10 minutes before spinal anesthesia with 30 mg of ephedrine in the deltoid region will receive. Placebo The first group received the drug muscle, Immediately after the entry of women into the operating room 10 milliliters per kilogram of body weight Ringer will be administered through IV No. 18 for them. Then 10 minutes before spinal anesthesia with 30 mg of ephedrine in the deltoid region will receive. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hypotension due to drugs Hypotension induced by injection of intravenous ephedrine, of muscular ephedrine and of intradermal ephedrine. ; Hypotension due to drugs PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Every 2.5 minutes to 10 minutes and then until 45 minutes every 5 minutes. Method of measurement: mmHg. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: every 15 minutes. Method of measurement: Scale Alderet. Shivering. Timepoint: Every 15 minutes. Method of measurement: Scale rossely & mahajan. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 20 to 30years old mothers who participate in class 1 and 2 ASA; tend to have spinal anesthesia; do not have a base systolic blood pressure more than 130 mmHg and less than 90 mmHg; do not have a history of high blood pressure and are consciously willing to participate in the project. Exclusion criteria: participants in class 3 and 4 ASA; patients with cardiovascular disease; people with tachycardia (over 100 beats per minute) and with bradycardia (less than 60 beats per minute); any history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus; patients with thyroid disease, using beta‐agonists and beta blockers; preterm delivery; using banned drugs during pregnancy; preeclampsia and pre‐eclampsia and eclampsia.
 Assessing the Effectiveness of Midazolam Premedication;  Background ‐ Midazolam premedication is a routine practice in many hospitals, but its efficacy remains controversial. We evaluated the effectiveness of midazolam premedication with respect to anxiety and sedation levels, hemodynamic parameters, and analgesic profiles. Methods ‐ Subjects ‐ This randomized, prospective, open‐label study was approved by IRB. After written informed consent, a total of 128 female patients aged between 20 and 65 years, ASA physical status Ⅰ or Ⅱ, scheduled for elective thyroidectomy were enrolled. Exclusion criteria were: central nervous system disorders, major cardiovascular disease, chronic pain disorders, peripheral neuropathy, diabetes mellitus neuropathy, nephropathy, hepatopathy, taking any medication affecting the central nervous system or heart rate, alcohol or drug abuse, pregnancy, and contraindication to midazolam premedication. Enrolled all subjects were randomly allocated to either midazolam premedication group (Group P, n=64) or control group (Group N, n=64). Patients of group P were premedicated with intramuscular glycopyrrolate 0.2mg and midazolam 0.05 mg/kg 30 minutes before surgery, while patients assigned to Group N were only received glycopyrrolate. ‐ Anesthetic management ‐ In the operating room, we did standard monitoring(ECG, pulse oximetry, noninvasive blood pressure, esophageal stethoscope temperature), train of four (TOF) and entropy and surgical pleth index(SPI). Target controlled infusion of propofol (4.0 μg/ml) and remifentanil (4 ng/ml) were used for induction of anesthesia based on the pharmacological models of Marsh and Minto, respectively. Intravenous rocuronium 1.0 mg/kg was administered for muscle relaxation. After intubation, propofol (3.0μg/ml) and remifentanil (2 ng/ml) were infused until incision time. 30 mg of ketorolac was administered 30 minutes before the end of the operation to control postoperative pain. ‐ Sample size and statistical analysis ‐ In this study, sample size was determined based on Cohen's study. According to this analysis, when comparing the mean of two groups with α (significance criterion) = 0.05, β (probability of occurring type II error) = 0.2 and medium effect size (Cohen's d = 0.5), 64 subjects were needed per group. ‐ After a normality test, continuous variables were analyzed with the use of an independent t‐test, paired t‐test, and repeated‐measures ANOVA. Differences between categorical variables were calculated with the use of the chi‐square test. ‐ Assessment of response to midazolam ‐ To evaluate the degree of anxiety, the Beck anxiety inventory was conducted at the preoperative day before surgery and immediately after arrival at the operating room. For analgesic profile assessment, SPI monitoring was performed in the operating room and NRS (numeric rating scale) measured in the recovery room and the general ward until the transition to oral analgesics. Also, additional medications for pain control were reviewed. Noninvasive blood pressure, heart rate, and entropy value were recorded at each measuring points in order to evaluate the hemodynamic stability and sedation level during anesthesia induction. Measuring points were initial time, prior to intubation, intubation, prior to incision and incision time. The time taken to induce anesthesia was also recorded.
 Spectrum of Neurological Illnesses in Pregnancy - An Observational Study from a Tertiary Care Centre of Eastern India;  INTRODUCTION: Neurological disorders in pregnancy may be observed in patients with a pre‐existing neurological disorder; patients developing a primary neurological disorder during the course of pregnancy or puerperium; and in patients with primary medical disorders presenting with neurological manifestations. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of the study were to find out the magnitude of neurological disorders in pregnancy in a tertiary care hospital along with assessment of proportion of women with particular disorders among total number of neurological disorders during the course of pregnancy or puerperium (6 weeks after child birth) and also to elicit the effect of neurological disorders on pregnancy outcome, if any. METHODS: A prospective observational longitudinal study was carried out in a tertiary care centre of Eastern India from July 2018 to June 2020 including all pregnant women attending the department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology. We screened 886 pregnant women, out of which 91 cases were identified and investigated. For the purpose of comparison of fetal and maternal outcome, 91 control subjects were chosen from the screened patients in a randomized fashion, so that the baseline characteristics of the two groups were comparable Results: In our study, 10.3% population had neurological disorders, among which 30.8% had primary headache, 3.2% had secondary headache, 8.5% had neurological low back pain, 19.1% had epilepsy, 6.4% had cerebrovascular disorders, 27.6% had peripheral neuropathy, 4.2% had other disorders such as neuropsychiatric Wilson's disease, myasthenia gravis and compressive myelopathy. Moreover, 10.2% of the total study population was hypertensive and 2.9% were diabetic. CONCLUSION: 10.3% mothers did have some neurological disorder, the commonest of which was migraine (primary headache) followed by carpal tunnel syndrome (peripheral neuropathy) and neurological low back pain. Overall fetomaternal outcomes were favorable barring cerebro‐vascular disorder and Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES). We recommend screening for neurological disorder from early pregnancy for early detection and appropriate management of that condition.
 An Outpatient Treatment of comparative study on the efficacy and side effects of oxytocin + misoprostol with methyl ergonovin (metergin) + misoprostol and only misoprostol in the expulsion of first trimester intrauterine fetal dead;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: Misoprostol and oxytocin medications are used as a drug regimen. Intervention 2: Intervention group 2: Misoprostol and Methergine medications are used as a drug regimen. CONDITION: Disposal of pregnancy products After spontaneous abortion. ; Incomplete spontaneous abortion without complication O03.4 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Success in the pregnancy products excretion. Timepoint: During the 9 days after abortion. Method of measurement: Ultrasonography. The remaining tissue size. Timepoint: During the 9 days after abortion. Method of measurement: Ultrasonography. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Determine the mean time for disposal of pregnancy products after spontaneous abortion. Timepoint: After spontaneous abortion. Method of measurement: observation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who tend to undergo outpatient treatment for the excretion of pregnancy products. The gestational age should be under 14 weeks. Do not have a history of high‐risk diseases (diabetes and blood pressure and blood problems and cardiovascular diseases, etc.).
 BCG Vaccine for Health Care Workers as Defense Against COVID 19;  Study design: A placebo‐controlled adaptive multi‐center randomized controlled trial. Study population: High risk HCW with direct patient contacts, defined as physician assistants, respiratory therapists, nurses, physicians or other HCWs working at emergency rooms, ICUs and in locations within hospitals where COVID‐infected patients are treated. Intervention: Participants will be randomized between intradermal administration of BCG vaccine or placebo in a 1:1 ratio. Recruitment, Randomization, treatment allocation, and blinding A standardized, IRB approved email will be sent to department chairs describing the study. A research coordinator will reach out to interested participants via phone with the help of an IRB‐approved verbal script to introduce the study, confirm eligibility and provide further instructions on how to access and sign the IRB‐approved ICD via REDCap using their own electronic devices. It is important that the investigators obtain the consent via REDCAp to a) avoid direct person‐to‐person contact and comply with social distancing imposed recommendations, and b) minimize the waste of reconstituted BCG by allowing the research personnel to schedule vaccinations in a controlled fashion. Patient registration into the trial will happen immediately after consent has been provided and will involve entering of baseline information into an electronic data capture system (RedCap). Once the eligibility is confirmed and the ICD signed by the participant and stored in REDCap, the research coordinator will randomize the participant and communicate the treatment assignment to the nurse administering the vaccination. The nurse will subsequently assign an appointment and communicate date and time of vaccination with the participant. All eligible participants will receive intradermal injections of BCG:placebo in a 1:1 ratio. Both, participants and investigators will be blinded to the treatment assignments during the study. However, in case of an emergency where it is important to know the treatment received, the investigator and/or participant can reach out to the unblinded study personnel who will provide the unblinded data. All participants will receive their treatment allocation at the end of the study, after the data analysis is finalized. Unblinded personnel will not be involved in the collection and analysis of study data other than the baseline eligibility criteria. The end of the study is defined as the last patient's last entry in the electronic data capture system. Informed Consent and Eligibility The following types of procedures will be conducted as indicated below: Medical history will be obtained from patient medical record/clinical chart. Informed Consent will be obtained to access these records. When information cannot be obtained or is not available from the patient medical record/clinical chart, it will be obtained via patient interview. Physical examination will be conducted solely to look for existing BCG vaccination scars. Symptom evaluation will be conducted via an electronic survey administered to participants every 1‐3 days. HIV and pregnancy will be collected as self‐reported information. If unknown, a urine pregnancy test will be performed. Nasopharyngeal, oral and/ or rectal swabs will be collected for rt‐PCR test for SARS‐CoV2 infection if a study develops symptoms consistent with Covid‐19. If a participant does not know their PPD/IGRA status from within the last 24 months (all health care providers should have this information), an IGRA can be performed to evaluate eligibility. Study participants have the option of donating blood via phlebotomy (for serological test for Covid‐19 disease and PBMCs for immune correlates) or providing a fingerstick and dried blood spot (for serologic test for Covid‐19). Data will be collected at four time points/periods: (1) after consent, (2) at baseline, (3) during follow‐up period, and (4) at study end. Data to be collected during screening includes medical history, physical exam results, results of rt‐PCR and serological test results. Data to be collected during baseline enrollment includes eligibility confirmation, demographic information, risk factors, randomization assignment, confirmation of BCG vaccination/placebo, any immediate reactions to BCG vaccination/placebo. Data to be collected during follow‐up includes intermittent surveys about the presence of flu‐like symptoms, rt‐PCR test results if done, serological test results, if testing positive for Covid‐19 information regarding their disease course, and disease outcome status. THE FOLLOWING IS COLLECTED AFTER CONSENT IS OBTAINED: Date of signed Informed Consent Form Role in hospital Department in hospital rt‐PCR test for SARS‐CoV2 result Serological test for Covid‐19 result Number of BCG scars (by visual/physical examination) Medical history* Previous PPD and IGRA test results History of TB disease History of previous HIV testing Urine Pregnancy test result (if applicable) Plans of pregnancy in 30 days Plan to stop working in 3 months/ leave facility in 6 months Current diabetes mellitus Current chronic kidney disease Currently taking immunosuppressive drugs Living with someone with HIV, immunocompromised, taking immunosuppressive drug Chemotherapy in past 3 months History of organ/bone marrow transplant Access to smartphone BASELINE DATA COLLECTION/PROCEDURES The following procedures will be conducted and data collected as indicated below: A questionnaire to obtain information about age, sex, demographic information, who they live with, smoking status, any current medications they are on, and other comorbidities Participants will then be randomized to either receive a single dose of BCG vaccination or placebo. BCG vaccination or placebo will be administered. Eligibility screening data will carry forward into the trial. The following additional data points will be collected: Age Sex Race Ethnicity Nationality Who they live with Height Weight Smoking status/tobacco use Alcohol use Current list of medications Current list of comorbidities History of diabetes mellitus History of hypertension History of stroke History of kidney disease History of COPD Randomization assignment BCG/placebo administered FOLLOW‐UP PROCEDURES AND DATA COLLECTION: Participants will be followed to assess whether they get infected with SARS‐CoV2: Participants will complete intermittent surveys via an electronic system every 1‐3 days to assess the presence of any flu‐like symptom, including sore throat, fever, headache, malaise, and cough. Note that this is part of routine surveillance for Covid‐19 in health workers at the United States site. Consent forms will ask for consent to access this survey information. Any positive response on the survey will trigger a nasopharyngeal, oral and/ or rectal swab to be collected to test for Covid‐19 via rt‐PCR All participants, regardless of survey responses, will have serology for Covid‐19 tested at 4 week intervals during the follow‐up period (6 months) If a participant completes the follow‐up period and does not test positive for disease, their study participation is complete If a participant does test positive for disease, their disease status will be ascertained for up to two months or until an outcome is available through one of the following mechanisms: (1) an electronic survey if they are not admitted to the hospital, including questions about the number of days they are ill, daily fever, and other symptoms; or (2) (2) if they are admitted to the hospital, ordinal outcomes for disease severity will be extracted from the hospital¿s electronic medical records system. During the first week of follow‐up, all participants will actively be asked about any adverse events; thereafter, participants will report unsolicited AEs through the electronic survey. Vaccine related adverse events will be graded using the FDA guidance (https://www.fda.gov/media/73679/download) and noted using WHO‐recommended Adverse event following Immunization forms (AEFI; https://vaccine‐safety‐training.org/classification‐of‐aefis.html). Participants will have the option of donating 12 mL of blood for plasma (serology) and PBMCs for secondary analysis of immune correlates and for future analysis based on covid19‐specific IgM and IgG. If they do not donate 12mL of blood, a fingerstick will be required for baseline COVID19 serology. Dried Blood Spot (DBS): all participants are HCWs and will self‐collect DBS samples at week 4, 8, 12, 16, 20 and 24. Envelopes to store the DBS are provided upon enrollment and can be dropped off at work and picked up by study coordinators to minimize HCW distractions. COVID specific RNA is found in stool for 21 days when an individual develops infection (https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586‐020‐2196‐x). Participants will have the option of collecting stool swabs monthly if they are asymptomatic or weekly if they develop symptoms. Nucleic acid testing will be performed in retrospect to support secondary objectives. If participants develop symptoms consistent with COVD19, will be PCR tested for COVID19. They will be given the option of donating 12 mL of blood for plasma and PBMCs 2 weeks after symptoms resolve. Week 12 (+/‐ 2 Weeks), participants will be given the option to donate 12 mL of blood for plasma and PBMCs for secondary analysis of immune correlates and for future secondary analysis based on covid‐specific IgM and IgG. Week 24 (+/‐ 2 Weeks), participants will be given the option to donate 12 mL of blood for plasma and PBMCs for secondary analysis of immune correlates and for future secondary analysis based on covid‐specific IgM and IgG. Except for the administration of BCG vaccine or placebo and the above mentioned DBS and phlebotomy, participants will undergo no invasive procedures for study purposes. The following data points will be collected during the follow‐up period AND AT END OF STUDY TIMEPOINT: Sore throat (collected at multiple time points) Fever (collected at multiple time points) Headache (collected at multiple time points) Malaise (collected at multiple time points) Cough (collected at multiple time points) rt‐PCR test for SARS‐CoV2 result (as indicated) Serological test for Covid‐19 result (every 2 weeks) Number of days ill Daily fever Other Covid‐19 symptoms Admitted to hospital Required oxygen Treated in intensive care Required ventilation Death Severe pneumonia Respiratory failure Acute respiratory distress syndrome Sepsis Septic shock *Already being collected as part of routine surveillance of health care workers. Will request access to this information in Informed Consent Form. Subjects can leave the study at any time for any reason if they wish to do so without any consequences. The investigator can decide to withdraw a subject from the study for urgent medical reasons. Participants who received placebo will be unblinded at the end of the study and pending a recommendation by the DSMB, they will be offered the option of receiving the BCG intervention. A participant will only be replaced in case of withdrawal before the administration of BCG vaccine/placebo.
 Early Intervention to Prevent Lower Limb Lymphedema of Gynecological Malignancy;  Research background Gynecological malignancies, including cervical cancer, ovarian cancer, endometrial cancer, vulvar cancer, etc., are important diseases threatening women's health worldwide, and their main treatment methods are surgery and radiotherapy. During surgery, different numbers of lymph nodes are removed, and lymphatic fluid and tissue exudate from the stump lymphatic vessels accumulate, causing disruption of the original lymphatic circulation and obstruction of lymphatic fluid return, which leads to lower limb edema . The longer the radiotherapy lasts, the more serious the phenomenon of collateral circulation will be, and the lymphatic return pathway will be damaged, resulting in lower limb lymphedema . Lower extremity lymphedema is a relatively common complication after treatment for gynecologic malignancies, and it has been reported that approximately 20 million patients worldwide are affected by lower extremity lymphedema. The overall incidence of lower extremity lymphedema after gynecologic malignancy treatment is about 25% and can be as high as 70% in special groups . Age, weight, radiotherapy dose, duration of postoperative radiotherapy, tumor stage, daily standing time, number of lymph node dissection, and co‐infection are all risk factors for the occurrence of lower extremity lymphedema. Lymphedema is characterized by sunken edema at the beginning of the disease and progresses to include swelling, numbness, heaviness, tissue fibrosis, impaired movement, and rough epidermal keratinization, and increases the risk of inflammation of the lymphatic vessels and surrounding tissues and cellulitis. Lower extremity lymphedema is a chronic progressive disease that is difficult to cure and has a negative impact on limb function, daily life, quality of life and psychological well‐being. The treatment of lymphedema includes surgical treatment and conservative treatment. The conservative treatment methods include Complex Decongestion Therapy (CDT), external application of Chinese herbal medicine and western medicine, etc. The Complex Decongestion Therapy (CDT) is the most widely used lymphedema treatment with the best efficacy internationally in recent years. The treatment method, but requires long‐term or even lifelong care , which brings huge psychological burden and economic pressure to the patient's family. Therefore, lymphedema of the lower extremities should be prevented, and preventive and therapeutic measures should be taken as early as possible to improve the quality of life of patients. Currently, studies on lymphedema prevention have focused on interventions for breast cancer‐related lymphedema , while few studies have been reported on the prevention of lymphedema associated with gynecologic malignancies. Research reported that early intervention with freehand lymphatic drainage technique could effectively prevent lower limb lymphedema, and Research showed that full range of hip exercises could prevent lower limb lymphedema after cervical cancer surgery, in addition, some studies also found that freehand lymphatic drainage combined with Kegel training could prevent vulvar stage I lymphedema after cervical cancer surgery, however, these studies have some limitations, such as small sample size and limited study content. However, these studies have limitations, such as small sample size and limited study content. Moreover, there are no empirical studies on the prevention of lower extremity lymphedema in large samples, and there is no unified standard for the prevention and management of lower extremity lymphedema. Therefore, in this study, the investigators used an evidence‐based approach and clinical experience to conduct a prospective study on the prevention of lower limb lymphedema in order to reduce the incidence of lower limb lymphedema, improve patients' quality of life, and reduce their economic burden. Research objective 1. To understand the incidence of lymphedema after gynecological tumor surgery and radiotherapy and its impact on the quality of life of patients. 2. Through preventive lymphedema treatment intervention, reduce the proportion of lymphedema, reduce the economic burden of patients, and improve their quality of life. 3. We aimed to find a more economical and effective method to treat gynecological malignant tumor lymphedema. Main outcome measures: The incidence of lower extremity lymphedema after gynecological cancer surgery and radiotherapy, and the incidence of lower extremity lymphedema after prophylactic lymphedema treatment. Secondary outcome measures: quality of life, incidence of lymphedema symptoms, and progression‐free survival (PFS). Study population Inclusion criteria: 1. Gynecologic oncology patients undergoing radiotherapy after lymph node surgery who voluntarily participate in this study and sign an informed consent form. 2. 18 to 60 years old. 3. Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group（ECOG) score less than 2. 4. Expected survival time greater than 3 years. 5. Hemoglobin(Hb) greater than or equal to 70 g/L, white blood cells (WBC)greater than or equal to 3.5 × 109 /L, neutrophils(ANC)greater than or equal to 1.5 × 109 /L, platelets (PLT)greater than or equal to 80 × 109 /L. 6. serum alamine aminotransferase(ALT) and glutamic oxalacetic transaminase(AST) less than 2 times the normal value and creatinine less than 1.5 times the normal value, albumin greater than or equal to 35g/L. 7. Women of childbearing potential must have had a pregnancy test (serum or urine) within 7 days prior to enrollment and have a negative result and be willing to use an appropriate method of contraception for the duration of the trial. 8. Ability to comply with the trial protocol, as judged by the investigator. Exclusion criteria: 1. Lymphedema and deep vein thrombosis of the lower extremities were clearly diagnosed; 2. Acute infection of any kind; 3. Patients with lower extremity edema; 4. pregnancy, menstrual period; 5. Recent major abdominal surgery (determined by the investigator); 6. Radiation colitis, cystitis, intestinal infection, small bowel or large bowel diverticulitis or diverticulitis; 7. Liver fibrosis; 8. Abdominal aortic aneurysm; 9. acute phlebitis; 10. Severe arterial obstructive disease, arterial ulcer, ABPI (ankle‐brachial blood pressure index) greater than 1.3 and less than 0.5; 11. Severe peripheral neuropathy; 12. Poor control of hypertension, poor control of stroke and diabetes, and severe bronchial asthma; 13. Patients who cannot understand the experimental content and cannot cooperate and those who refuse to sign the informed consent; 14. Those with concomitant diseases or other special circumstances that seriously endanger the patient's safety or affect the patient's completion of the study. Subject Termination Criteria 1. The investigator believes that the treatment should be terminated from the perspective of the best benefit of the patients; 2. There are intolerable adverse reactions, after confirmation by the investigator; 3. Failure to complete the treatment according to the cycle and time; 4. The patient withdraws informed consent. Elimination criteria: (1) Those who did not meet the standards and were mistakenly included.
 Safety evaluation of tadalafil treatment for fetuses with early-onset growth restriction (TADAFER): results from the phase II trial;  Tadalafil is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor with a long half‐life, high selectivity, and rapid onset of action. Because the safety of using PDE5 inhibitors as therapeutic agents for fetal growth restriction (FGR) has been a problem worldwide, this paper primarily focuses on the safety assessments performed in the Tadalafil Treatment for Fetuses with Early‐Onset Growth Restriction (TADAFER) II population. Neonatal and maternal adverse events were analyzed, in addition to fetal, neonatal, and infant death cases, six months after stopping the trial. Eighty‐nine pregnant women with FGR were studied between September 2016 and March 2018 (45 and 44 in the tadalafil and conventional treatment groups, respectively). Seven (16%) deaths (four fetal, one neonatal, and two infant) in the control group, whereas only one neonatal death occurred in the tadalafil group. Although headache, facial flushing, and nasal hemorrhage occurred more frequently in the tadalafil group, these symptoms were Grade 1 and transient. In conclusion, this trial showed that tadalafil decreased the fetal and infant deaths associated with FGR. This is thought to be primarily due to pregnancy prolongation. Further studies are warranted to evaluate the efficacy of tadalafil in treating early‐onset FGR.
 Profile of postdischarge rehospitalizations and acute care visits for seven patient groups;  The study's purpose was to examine postdischarge rehospitalizations and acute care visits in seven high risk, high volume, high‐cost patient groups. Subjects were drawn from an urban tertiary teaching hospital. The total sample (N = 764) consisted of seven patient groups (drawn from five randomized clinical trials): very low birthweight (VLBW) infants (n = 79); women post‐unplanned cesarean birth (n = 122) and their infants (n = 123); pregnant women with diabetes (n = 55); women post‐hysterectomy surgery (n = 109); and elderly with medical cardiac Diagnostic Related Groups (DRGs) (n = 142) and elderly with surgical cardiac DRGs (n = 134). The VLBW infant and pregnant diabetic groups were predominantly African American, the elderly and hysterectomy groups predominantly Caucasian, and the cesarean group almost equally distributed. The lowest rate of rehospitalization (2%) occurred in the cesarean group, the highest (35%) in the pregnant diabetics. In four groups (cesarean and infants, hysterectomy and surgical elderly), 60%‐100% of the rehospitalizations occurred within 4 weeks of discharge. Subjects requiring acute care visits ranged from 13% (hysterectomy) to 82% (VLBW infants). Acute care visits demonstrated greater distribution throughout the follow‐up periods but also tended to concentrate in the first 4 weeks postdischarge.
 Postnatal modulation of body composition in preterm infants by human growth factors and hormones in relation to various nutrient compositions;  INTERVENTION: Infants will be randomized to either preterm follow‐up formula or standard care at a postmenstrual age of 32‐33 weeks. CONDITION: 10013317 10018424 hypertensie ; cardiovascular diseases/heart disease ; risk factors for diabetes mellitus/diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: The main study parameters are anthropometry (height, weight and body ; proportions), body composition and growth‐related endocrine parameters.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Psychomotor development, bone mineralization, lipid status and blood pressure ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Written and informed consent from either the parents or the legal guardians who at least have professional working proficiency of the Dutch, English or French language. 2. Gestational age of 24 to 32 weeks. 3. Arterial catheter in situ.;In order to be eligible for cord blood analysis, a subject must meet all of the following criteria: 1. Gestational age of 24 to 42 weeks 2. Written and informed consent from either the parents or the legal guardians who at least have professional working proficiency of the Dutch, English or French language.
 Pharmaceutical follow-up of patients treated in primary care;  INTERVENTION: N02.421.585 N02.421.726.407 These are experimental trials, divided into two phases: phase 1 will be a quasi‐experimental intervention study (with pharmacists participating in the training); phase 2 will be a two‐arm, open‐label, randomized clinical trial. Phase 1: pharmacists who work in Primary Health Care in the municipalities concerned (it has already been agreed with the management) will be trained, through a training course, to monitor patients over 18 years of age with diabetes mellitus. Phase 1 will be the training, lasting 8 weeks, synchronous weekly classes (Google Meet) and discussion of clinical cases and exercises for learning on the Moodle platform (asynchronous). During the training, the following topics will be addressed (each topic will feature a clinical case discussion, via the Moodle platform and a class on the discussed topic, via Google Meet): reports of real‐world experiences (meeting 1). Before meeting 1, pharmacists will sign the Free and Informed Consent Form; conceptual and historical aspects of Clinical Pharmacy and classification of problems related to pharmacotherapy (meeting 2); evidence‐based practices and general aspects of Diabetes Mellitus (meeting 3); oral antidiabetics and insulin therapy in type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (meeting 4); clinical management of Systemic Arterial Hypertension (SAH) and Heart Failure (HF) in patients with Diabetes Mellitus (meeting 5); dyslipidemia and Diabetes Mellitus, pharmacotherapy of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (meeting 6); Diabetes Mellitus in geriatrics, Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Kidney Disease (meeting 7); diabetic foot care; non‐drug treatment, physical exercises and diet in Diabetes Mellitus (meeting 8). In phase 2 (RCT), a minimum sample of 702 patients was estimated. For this, the following pa V03.175.250.500.500 CONDITION: N02.278.216.500.968.603 Unified Health System; Primary Health Care; Diabetes Mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Check whether there was a reduction in glycated hemoglobin in the eight‐month period (one visit per month) of patients in the intervention group compared to the control group (and whether such a reduction is statistically significant), by requesting tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assess adherence to treatment before and after the intervention using the Morisky‐Green test. Assess the quality of life before and after the intervention using The World Health Organization Quality of Life assessment, in its abbreviated form (WHOQOL‐bref). ; Count and describe the interventions performed by pharmacists. Know the main types of pharmacotherapeutic problems. INCLUSION CRITERIA: In the first phase, pharmacists who work in Primary Health Care of the Unified Health System of the participating municipalities will be included. There are no exclusion criteria at this stage. In the second phase, patients aged 18 years or older with type I Diabetes Mellitus will be included; or type II; or gestational; or adult latent autoimmune diabetes, known as the LADA type; or Maturity Onset Diabetes of the Young MODY; and who are using at least one drug for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus
 Conscious sedation for procedures in Dental and Minor Maxillofacial Surgery Unit: optimization of the dexmedetomidine dose (Dexdor®);  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Dexdor Product Name: Dexdor Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: DEXMEDETOMIDINE CAS Number: 113775‐47‐6 Concentration unit: mg/kg/h milligram(s)/kilogram/hour Concentration type: range Concentration number: 0.0002‐0.0014 Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Concentrate for solution for infusion Route of administration of the placebo: Intravenous use CONDITION: Sedation for procedures in Dental and Minor Maxillofacial Surgery Unit ; MedDRA version: 17.0 Level: PT Classification code 10054806 Term: Maxillofacial operation System Organ Class: 10042613 ‐ Surgical and medical procedures Therapeutic area: Analytical, Diagnostic and Therapeutic Techniques and Equipment [E] ‐ Anesthesia and Analgesia [E03] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the need of administering a loading dose of dexmedetomidine (Dexdor®) to obtain an adequate level of sedation, BIS 85‐90 after 30min of drug administration and BIS 80‐85 after 45min, for ambulant procedures in the Dental and Minor Maxillofacial Surgery Unit. Primary end point(s): ‐ Administered loading dose: 0.5 µg kg‐1, 0.2 µg kg‐1 or placebo.; ‐ Dexmedetomidine concentration required during the intervention to obtain an adequate level of sedation BIS 85‐90 after 30min of drug administration, and BIS 80‐85 after 45min, for ambulant procedures in the Dental and Minor Maxillofacial Surgery Unit. Secondary Objective: ‐ To evaluate the optimal maintenance dose of dexmedetomidine to achieve a satisfactory sedation during the procedure ; ‐ To perform a comparative analysis of possible hemodynamic changes (reflex bradycardia, hypertension...) depending on the administration of a loading dose; ‐ To compare degrees of satisfaction, using questionnaires for the patient and the interventionist, about the administration of a loading dose and the maintenance dose administered; ‐ To establish a relationship between the administration of the loading and maintenance dose with BIS levels observed during the procedure.; ‐ To evaluate surgical stress index (SSI) during the procedure.; ‐ To describe possible adverse or secondary effects during the use of dexmedetomidine for this type of interventions; ‐ To evaluate the influence of the loading and maintenance doses on the time until discharge. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: ‐ When administering the loading dose. ; ‐ After 30 min of the loading dose administration to reach a BIS 85‐90 and 45 min from the start of the procedure to reach a BIS between 80‐85. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Demographic variables (sex, age, weight, BMI); 2. Patient‐associated pathology (diabetes mellitus, hypertension, ischemic cardiopathy,...); 3. Type of performed procedure; 4. Reasons for changing the maintenance dose; 5. Monitored vital signs: cardiac frequency, blood pressure, respiratory frequency, EtCO2; SpO2.; 6. Degree of analgesia obtained: SSI (surgical stress index); 7. Duration of the procedure.; 8. Intra‐ and post‐operative events: severe bradycardia (< 40bpm), syncopes, hypotensive episodes, nausea, ...; 9. Recovery time and time until discharge.; 10. Degree of patient satisfaction, using assessment questionnaire. To assess the degree of patient satisfaction after use of dexmedetomidine, in procedures of the Dental and Minor Maxillofacial Surgery Unit, we have adapted with minimal changes a questionnaire previously validated in a study on the effectiveness of midazolam for sedation in flexible bronchoscopy.; 11. Degree of satisfaction of the surgical team, using assessment questionnaire. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At different times throughout the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Ability to provide informed consent and express his desire to meet all protocol requirements during the study. 2. The patient should be able to meet with all requirements of the clinical trial. 3. Above 18 years of age. 4. A pregnancy test will be performed to women between 18 years old and menopause in order to rule out pregnancy unknown. 5. The patient requires sedation to carry out one of the Dental procedures and Maxillofacial Surgery Unit: Complex wisdom 4 tooth extraction, Dental implants with or without bone stimulation. 6. Individuals ASA I (healthy patient) or II (patient with a process mild systemic without limitations in daily activities.) Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 34 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 90
 Comparing the effect of topical 1% Avy extract gel with 1% Diclofenac gel in the treatment of patients with primary knee osteoarthritis referred to orthopedic clinic;  INTERVENTION: 1% Diclofenac gel, topical use, three times a day. 1% Hedera helix extract gel, topical use, three times a day. Intervention 1: 1% Hedera helix extract gel, topical use, three times a day. Intervention 2: 1% Diclofenac gel, topical use, three times a day. Intervention 3: Placebo gel, topical use, three times a day. Placebo Placebo gel, topical use, three times a day. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Gonarthrosis. ; Other primary gonarthrosis Primary gonarthrosis: NOS unilatera M17.1l Other primary gonarthrosis Primary gonarthrosis: NOS unilatera PRIMARY OUTCOME: Morning stiffnes. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS and WOMAC questionnaires. Pain. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS and WOMAC questionnaires. Physical function. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS and WOMAC questionnaires. Stiffness during the day. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS and WOMAC questionnaires. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Primary osteoarthritis in at least one knee confirmed radiologicaly on a knee x‐ray; Pain presence from at least 2 weeks prior to visit; Age> 45. Exclusion criteria: Secondary osteoarthritis; Active liver or kidney disease; Peptic ulcer disease; Diabetes; Thyroid or parathyroid diseases; Coagulopathy or taking anti‐coagulatory drugs; Ischemic or hemorrhagic CVA; Past history of deep vein thrombosis; Allergy to any form of anti‐inflammatory agents, Acute trauma; Alcohol use; Drug abuse; Skin diseases, infection or wound on the site of the study; Corticosteroid use in any form; Using other topical agents on the site of the study; Taking oral agents effective on osteoarthritis within 10 days from the start of the study; Pregnancy; History of the site fracture; Deformities leading to osteoarthritis; Congenital joint diseases.
 Celliant Socks to Increase Tissue Oxygenation and Complete Wound Closure in Diabetic Foot Wounds;  Screening and Enrollment Patients who present to the investigator's institution (through clinic admission, direct transfer from another facility, or through the emergency room) may be recruited to participate in the study. No direct marketing for subject recruitment will be done. Patients approached for study participation will be at least 22 years of age at the time of consent, will undergo wound assessment, and meet all eligibility requirements. Those meeting eligibility criteria for the study will have the study explained to them by the Investigator. An Informed Consent Form will be provided to sign according to Section 11 prior to undergoing any study procedures. Patients will be encouraged to ask questions of the investigators. It will be made clear to the patient that not participating in the study will in no way influence the treatment plan or the relationship with the physician. Wound Selection Only one wound per subject will be included in the study. Subjects with multiple wounds will have each wound measured for volume. The wound with the largest volume meeting all eligibility requirements will be chosen for inclusion in the study. The etiology of the chosen wound, and if it is a new or recurring, will be documented. Randomization and Blinding Procedure Prior to study initiation, Active and Control samples will be prepared in sealed and labeled as A or B, also randomization envelopes will be provided to the research staff and used to obtain randomization assignment. Within each randomization envelope, there is an assignment of A or B. After run‐in evaluation, the subjects wound will be debrided and dressed with SOC. At the end of the procedure, subjects who continue to meet all inclusion and no exclusion criteria will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to be treated with either Control or Celliant therapies, stratified by wound size (greater than size of 4 cm2) and study center. Study staff will use the randomization number labels and sock assignment of socks A or B contained in the envelope. The number will become the subject ID. The research staff will note the randomization number and the treatment assignment letter (A or B) on the CRF. The key, indicating therapy assignments (Active or Control), will only be available to staff not directly involved in the study until after the subject has completed study activities. Visit Schedule Study procedures for each phase of study are outlined below. In a later section, details on each study procedure are described, including equipment designation. Screening 1. Explain purpose and nature of the study and obtain signature on the informed consent document. 2. Screen the subject against protocol inclusion and exclusion criteria, including all pertinent tests 1. ABI and/toe pressure 2. Ulcer History, measurement, and classification 3. Urine Pregnancy test (if indicated) Baseline (may be done as same day as screening procedures) 1. Obtain general medical history and demographic information and social history 2. Complete a physical examination, body weight, height, and vital signs, including measurement of resting heart rate, respiratory rate, and blood pressure while seated. 3. Select the target ulcer 4. Obtain complete history pertinent to DFU disease including duration of the target ulcer, previous and current treatment. 5. Perform debridement if indicated. Debridement is to be performed using curette, scissors, scalpel, or forceps. 6. Perform standardized photography and measurement of the study wound (eKare or available camera with ruler). Assess the post‐debridement ulcer area (cm2), perimeter (cm), and greatest depth (cm) using the inSight device (eKare, Fairfax, VA). These values are the baseline measurements for assessing accelerated wound closure at the two‐week run‐in visit. 7. Perform baseline SPP (note ‐ this procedure does not need to be performed at baseline visit and can be performed at any visit through Run‐In week 2/Therapy initiation visit). 8. Perform baseline tcpO2 (note ‐ this procedure does not need to be performed at baseline visit and can be performed at any visit through Run‐In week 2/Therapy initiation visit). 9. Perform baseline hyperspectral imaging assessment on the dorsal and plantar aspects of the foot. 10. Perform neuropathy and pain assessment. 11. Obtain blood for hematology, blood chemistry, etc that were not covered in inclusion/exclusion studies. 12. Subjects who do not meet eligibility and fail to qualify to enter the Run‐in will be deemed Screen failures and discharged, noting the reasons for disqualification. 13. Collect all relevant concomitant medication (antibiotics, antifungals and other anti‐infective therapies) 14. Wounds will be dressed SOC and offloaded per physician discretion. 15. Subjects who qualify to enter the run‐in will be instructed to refrain from using excluded medications and return to the office for Run‐in Visit 2 within 7 (±1) days. Run‐In Procedures/Therapy Initiation Week 1 Run‐in: 1. Assess target ulcer. 2. Perform debridement if indicated. Debridement is to be performed using a curette, scissors, scalpel, or forceps. 3. Perform standardized photography of the study wound. 4. Assess the post‐debridement ulcer area (cm2), perimeter (cm), and greatest depth (cm) using the inSight device. 5. If wound size (ulcer area) increases/decreases by 30% or more, patient will be deemed a screen failure and removed from the study. 6. If wound size (ulcer area) decreases by less than 30%, patient wound will be treated with standard of care and return for run‐in Week 2 Run‐In within 7 (±1) days. 7. Perform hyperspectral imaging assessment on the dorsal and plantar aspects of the foot. 8. Perform pain assessment. 9. Collect all relevant concomitant medication (antibiotics, antifungals and other anti‐infective therapies) 10. Wounds will be dressed SOC and offloaded per physician discretion. Week 2 Run‐in/Therapy Initiation: 1. Assess target ulcer 2. Perform debridement if indicated. Debridement is to be performed using curette, scissors, scalpel, or forceps. 3. Perform standardized photography of the study wound. 4. Assess the post‐debridement ulcer area (cm2), perimeter (cm), and greatest depth (cm) using the inSight device. 5. If wound size (ulcer area) increases/decreases by 30% or more, patient will be deemed a screen failure and removed from the study. 6. If wound size (ulcer area) increases/decreases by less than 30%, patient wound will enter the study and randomized to either the Celliant Active or Control treatment arm. 7. Perform hyperspectral imaging of the dorsal and plantar aspects of the foot 8. Perform pain assessment. 9. Collect all relevant concomitant medication 10. Wound will be dressed with SOC and either Celliant Active or Control Sock applied. 11. Wound will be offloaded. 12. Provide subject with any additional medical socks needed until the next visit. Instruct the subject to change the socks if they become wet, soiled, or bloody and under any conditions dictated by PI instructions. Therapy/Treatment Phase Study Visit 1‐11: 1. Document study compliance information from the subject 1. Amount of time the sock was worn throughout the week 2. Was it worn during the day/night? 3. When/why the sock was changed. 4. Has the sock been on in the 3 hours leading up to the appointment? 2. Remove sock and dressing and immediately perform hyperspectral imaging of the dorsal and plantar aspects of the foot if wound is active or closed. 3. Assess target ulcer (if wound has closed, document as such, perform steps 7 and 8 and skip to Study Visit ‐ Wound Closed). 4. Debridement is to be performed, if indicated, using curette, scissors, scalpel, or forceps. If debridement is necessary at weekly visits, all therapy must be removed and replaced post‐debridement. 5. Perform standardized photography of the study wound. 6. Assess the ulcer area (cm2), perimeter (cm), and greatest depth (cm) using the inSight device ‐ if the wound is deemed closed by the physician, skip to EOS visit. 7. Perform SPP and tcPO2 measurements at Visit 4 (maybe be taken instead at visit 5 or 6 if subject has not been wearing their treatment sock leading up to the visit or misses this visit). 8. Collect all relevant concomitant medication 9. Perform pain assessment. 10. Redress the wound with standard of care (if wound is still active) and apply Celliant Active or Control Sock and apply offloading (if indicated). 11. Wound will be offloaded. 12. Provide subject with any additional medical socks needed until the next visit. Instruct the subject to change the socks if they become wet, soiled, or bloody and under any conditions dictated by PI instructions. Instruct the subject that they must wear the sock at all times and that including the 3 hours leading up to the next study visit. Study Visit ‐ Wound Closed 1. The study wound is defined as closed when there is complete skin re‐epithelialization without drainage or dressing requirements confirmed by the evaluating physician at 2 consecutive study visits 2 weeks apart. 2. At this visit the subject will perform the EOS evaluation and enter the follow‐up phase of the study. Study Visit 12/EOS 1. If the study wound closes prior to the 12‐week study mark, subjects will perform EOS visit at the time of wound closure. See Study Visit ‐ Wound Closed. 2. A subject whose wound does not close completely by week 12 will exited from the study after the week 12 wound evaluation. 3. Document study compliance information from the subject 1. Amount of time the sock was worn throughout the week 2. Was it worn during the day/night? 3. When/why the sock was changed. 4. Has the sock been on in the 3 hours leading up to the appointment? 4. Remove sock and dressing and immediately perform hyperspectral imaging of the dorsal and plantar aspects of the foot if wound is active or closed. 5. Assess target ulcer (if wound has closed, document as such, perform steps 7‐12 and skip to Study Visit ‐ Wound Closed). 6. Perform standardized photography of the study wound. 7. Assess the ulcer area (cm2), perimeter (cm), and greatest depth (cm) using the inSight device. 8. Perform SPP if wound is active or closed. 9. Perform tcpO2 if wound is active or closed. 10. Perform pain assessment 11. Ask the subject if they thought they were in the active or control group 12. Administer DFS‐SF 13. Collect all relevant concomitant medication 14. Redress the wound per physician‐directed standard of care. Study Visit Follow up 1. If the subject's wound closes within the 12‐week treatment window, they will enter the follow up phase of the study. 2. At 3 months post closure, wound evaluation will be performed as outlined below. This followup visit will be in person. In the event that an in‐person visit is not possible, a telehealth visit may be performed and documented as such.: a. Assess the study wound to determine that it remained closed b. If the study wound has reoccurred i. record the date of reoccurrence ii. measure the size of dehiscence or re‐ulceration iii. exit the subject from the follow up phase c. Assess the study foot for new sites of ulceration i. record the date of reoccurrence ii. measure the size of dehiscence or re‐ulceration iii. exit the subject from the follow up phase
 Evaluation the effect of silimaryn in improvement of hepatic and platlet damage in severe preeclampsia;  INTERVENTION: In the control group, 3 and 24 hours after birth, placebo is to be administered to the mother. In the intervention group, 3 and 24 hours after newborn birth, 70 mg of silymarin is to be orally administered to mother. Intervention 1: In the intervention group, 3 and 24 hours after newborn birth, 70 mg of silymarin is to be orally administered to mother. Intervention 2: In the control group, 3 and 24 hours after birth, placebo is to be administered to the mother. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Gestational [pregnancy‐induced] hypertension with significant proteinuria preeclampsia. ; Gestational [pregnancy‐induced] hypertension with significant proteinuria PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: q 3 hours in study. Method of measurement: mmHg. Liver enzyme. Timepoint: before and 12,36 and 60 hours after trial. Method of measurement: labratoary kit. Platlet count. Timepoint: 0,12,36 and 60 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: count in mm3. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of blood pressure crisis in study. Timepoint: q 3 hours. Method of measurement: bp >160/110 mmhg. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 20 and 30 years; BMI is to be 20 to 24;Gestational age is between 35 and 42 weeks at the time of termination of pregnancy; blood pressure before the termination of pregnancy is to be more than 90/140 mm Hg;The presence of Proteinuria in random urine samples before pregnancy termination; no history of hypertension, diabetes, kidney disease, Collagen vascular and other types of cardiovascular diseases; mother is supposed to be nulliparous; Singleton pregnancy not molar; termination of pregnancy is indicated By severe pre‐eclampsia Exclusion criteria:presence of preeclampsia in mother
 Low nutrient intake and early growth for later insulin resistance in adolescents born preterm;  BACKGROUND: In animals, acceleration of neonatal growth is thought to increase the later propensity to insulin resistance and non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes, whereas slow growth as a consequence of undernutrition is thought to have a beneficial effect. To test this hypothesis in people, we measured fasting concentrations of 32‐33 split proinsulin, a marker of insulin resistance, in adolescents born preterm who had participated in randomised intervention trials of neonatal nutrition, and in adolescents born at term. METHODS: We determined fasting 32‐33 split proinsulin concentration in participants aged 13‐16 years born preterm and randomised to receive a nutrient‐enriched or lower‐nutrient diet (n=216) or in a reference group born at term (n=61). FINDINGS: Fasting 32‐33 split proinsulin concentration was greater in children given a nutrient‐enriched diet (geometric mean 7.2 pmol/L, 95% CI 6.4‐8.1) than in those given the lower‐nutrient diet (5.9 pmol/L [5.2‐6.4]; mean difference 20.6% [5.0‐36.3]; p=0.01). Healthy babies born at term had similar fasting 32‐33 split proinsulin concentrations (6.9 pmol/L; 6.0‐8.2) to the nutrient‐enriched group. In non‐randomised analyses, fasting 32‐33 split proinsulin concentration was associated with greater weight gain the first 2 weeks of life (13.2% [5.4‐20.9] change per 100 g weight increase; p=0.001) independent of birthweight, gestation, neonatal morbidity, and demographic, anthropometric, and socioeconomic factors. INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that relative undernutrition early in life in children born preterm may have beneficial effects on insulin resistance.
 Cardiovascular risk factors after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: 30-Year follow-up of a randomised controlled trial;  Background: Antenatal betamethasone treatment is widely used for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants and substantially reduces neonatal mortality and morbidity. Fetal exposure to excess glucocorticoids has been proposed as one of the core mechanisms of the fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis. We assessed whether antenatal exposure to betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome affects cardiovascular risk factors at 30 years of age. Methods: We followed up at age 30 years 534 individuals whose mothers participated in a double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomised trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome. Mothers received two doses of betamethasone or placebo given by intramuscular injection 24 h apart. Follow‐up assessments included anthropometry; measurement of blood pressure, blood lipids (after overnight fasting), and early morning cortisol levels; and a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. Findings: There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone and to placebo in body size, blood lipids, blood pressure, plasma cortisol, prevalence of diabetes, or history of cardiovascular disease. After a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, participants exposed to betamethasone had higher plasma insulin concentrations at 30 min (60·5 vs 52·0 mIU/L; ratio of geometric means 1·16 [95% CI 1·03 to 1·31], p=0·02) and lower glucose concentrations at 120 min (4·8 vs 5·1 mmol/L; difference ‐0·26 mmol/L [‐0·53 to 0·00], p=0·05) than did those exposed to placebo. Interpretation: Antenatal exposure to betamethasone might result in insulin resistance in adult offspring, but has no clinical effect on cardiovascular risk factors at 30 years of age. Thus, obstetricians should continue to use a single course of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome.
 Maternal and child nutritional supplementation are inversely associated with fasting plasma glucose concentration in young Guatemalan adults;  Cardiovascular disease and diabetes may be programmed early in life by abnormal development associated with undernutrition. We investigated whether maternal nutritional status (MNS; height, pregnancy weight gain, nonpregnant BMI, and prenatal supplementation) or childhood nutritional status (CNS; birth weight, length, ponderal index, height‐for‐age Z‐score at 24 mo, and supplementation from 0 to 24 mo) were related to fasting plasma glucose levels in rural‐born Guatemalan adults. We studied 209 men and 220 women (mean age 24.4 y) who were involved in a randomized trial of nutritional supplementation of their mothers during pregnancy and during their early childhoods, conducted from 1969 to 1977. In 2 villages, residents were offered Atole (3.8 MJ and 64 g protein/L); 2 other villages were offered Fresco (1.4 MJ/L, no protein). No associations were observed between anthropometric measures of MNS or CNS and fasting plasma glucose levels. In subgroup analyses, inverse associations (all P < 0.15) with birth size were found among women born to fatter mothers, women with low supplement intake, men born to short mothers, and men more severely stunted at 24 mo. Prenatal supplementation was inversely associated with fasting plasma glucose among women [‐0.40 +/‐ 0.17 mmol/(L. MJ. d), P = 0.02]. Among men, postnatal intake of supplementation of 0.10 to 0.20 MJ/d was associated with up to a 0.56 mmol/L reduction in fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.03), but intake in excess of 0.20 MJ/d provided no added benefit. Among women, the benefit of postnatal supplementation was restricted to those born thin (test for interaction P = 0.10). Improving the nutritional status of undernourished women and children may have positive long‐term consequences.
 Cardioprotective Properties of Vegan Burger;  The nutritional value and health effects of red meat and processed meat products (e.g., cold cuts, sausages, burgers) remain the object of intense research and scientific controversy in the fields of Nutrition and Food Science. Red meat is a rich source of macronutrients (e.g., proteins of high biological value) and several micronutrients (e.g., iron), and a food group particularly appealing to consumers. However, in recent years there has been an increase in the total consumption of red meat and processed meat products in developed countries, which has been associated with both increased risk of chronic diseases (e.g., cardiovascular diseases, obesity, diabetes mellitus, various types of cancer and autoimmune diseases) and increased total mortality. The aggravating effect of red meat consumption on health is likely attributed to its increased content of saturated fatty acids, which have been associated with the occurrence of insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and disturbances in the intestinal microbiota, as well as other components produced during its processing (e.g., oxidized forms of fat, heterocyclic amines, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons), which can trigger mechanisms of inflammation, oxidative stress and carcinogenesis, and further contribute to the pathogenesis of cardiometabolic and neoplastic diseases. Based on the available research data, scientific associations and health organizations at the local and international level recommend limiting the consumption of red meat and meat products and replacing them with products of plant origin in the context of adopting a balanced health‐promoting diet and reducing the risk of chronic cardiometabolic disorders in the general population. Burger is one of the most popular meat products and its consumption has increased rapidly in recent years due to the expansion of fast‐food restaurants, its wide availability and its low price. However, due to its high content in animal fat, which is mostly saturated, its nutritional value and the safety of its long‐term high consumption have been questioned. The wide acceptance of burger by the general population, combined with the perception that it is a "burdensome" food for health, makes it an ideal subject for interventions aiming at modifying its nutritional value without simultaneously degrading its organoleptic characteristics and increasing its cost. Such an approach could be applied to the meat industry in order to develop innovative, functional meat analogues of high nutritional value, which could also find acceptance by meat‐eating populations. The challenges in this direction are many, such as the reduction of lipids and/or the replacement of saturated fatty acids with other health‐beneficial lipids without degrading the texture and taste of the product, and the replacement of animal proteins with plant proteins. Until now, the majority of commercially available meat analogs are made from soy protein or gluten. However, protein products have also been developed from other raw materials, including vegetables and legumes (e.g., peas and chickpeas). In addition, protein products from fungi and bacteria are available, which are suitable for reproducing the taste and texture of meat. Regarding fat, various ingredients have also been explored as substitutes for animal fat, such as dietary fiber and vegetable oils. The aim of the present study is to explore the potential cardio‐protective effects of an innovative burger of high nutritional and organoleptic value (vegan burger), developed through the substitution of animal proteins and lipids with plant‐based constituents using innovative technologies, compared to a conventional burger, in apparently healthy subjects. The study will be a randomized, cross‐over, double blind clinical trial. The study sample will consist of 15 apparently healthy subjects aged 30‐60 years, with a body mass index of ≥25 kg/m2 and a habitual red meat consumption of ≥3 times/week. Candidates will be excluded from the study on the basis of the following: i) presence of chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, active cancer, cardiovascular, liver kidney, respiratory, gastrointestinal, chronic inflammatory and psychiatric diseases; ii) use of certain types of medication, i.e., immunosuppressants, anti‐inflammatory drugs and cortisol, and dietary supplements, i.e., protein, amino acids, fatty acids, dietary fiber, probiotics and prebiotics (other prescribed medications and micronutrient supplements will be allowed, provided that their reception will remain stable throughout the trial); iii) habitual excessive consumption of alcohol (>210 g and >140 g of ethanol per week for men and women, respectively), iv) currently being on a restrictive diet (e.g., weight loss or vegetarian diet) or any significant recent change (within 6 months) in lifestyle habits, and v) pregnancy and breastfeeding for women. Participants will be randomized to consume 2 servings per week of either a conventional burger or a vegan burger (serving size: 150 g of raw product corresponding to 120 g of cooked product) for 4 weeks, with a 2‐week wash‐out period between the two interventions. Randomization will be performed by a researcher with no clinical involvement in the study and will be blind to all members of the research team. All burger products will be prepared by a certified food industry (Hellenic Catering S.A.) based on current food safety legislation and quality assurance specifications. The conventional burger will be the animal(beef)‐based burger already produced and marketed by the company, while the experimental burger (vegan burger) will be developed using innovative technologies from plant‐based products, such as proteins and dietary fibers from legumes and edible strains of basidiomycetes, lipids of plant origin rich in n‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and other bioactive components. The development of the methodologies for the isolation of the raw materials will be performed by the Laboratory of Design and Process Analysis, School of Chemical Engineering, National Technical University of Athens and the Laboratory of Biotechnology, Department of Biological Applications & Technology, University of Ioannina. The development of the experimental vegan burger to be used in the dietary intervention will take place in a pilot unit of Hellenic Catering S.A. A product preparation will be designed with the incorporation of vegetable proteins from meat analogues, with the aim of the final product composition meeting the desired technical characteristics of structure and texture as well as the organoleptic characteristics of a burger. An appropriate mold and molding machine will be selected to shape the product, and appropriate packaging, preservation and processing methods (e.g., sock freezing, chilling, cooking) will be utilized. The two burger products will have a common shape and organoleptic characteristics (odor, texture and taste). Participants will be given additional instructions to maintain their usual dietary intake, physical activity level, prescribed medications and dietary supplements, as well as to refrain from any weight loss effort throughout the study. The study physician will be on a weekly contact with each participant to systematically record potential side‐effects and will be in charge of terminating the intervention if needed. Participants' adherence to the intervention will be assessed through weekly self‐monitoring diaries, in which subjects will record the day of consumption, the quantity and the cooking method of the burger products, along with other dietary characteristics and the use of medications and dietary supplements. Participants will be evaluated at the start and at the end of each intervention period (total of 4 evaluations) in terms of anthropometric indices, body composition, and lifestyle habits (diet and physical activity) through validated questionnaires, while fasting blood and first‐morning urine samples will be taken to determine laboratory parameters (glucose metabolism indices, lipidemic profile, liver enzymes, inflammatory and oxidative stress markers, etc.). All biological samples will be collected and analyzed in the Laboratory of Clinical Nutrition and the Laboratory of Biology, Biochemistry, Physiology and Microbiology, Department of Nutrition and Dietetics, Harokopio University of Athens, by experienced personnel.
 Clinical trial to compare the effect of liraglutide and glimepiride, both in combination with metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Victoza Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled pen INN or Proposed INN: LIRAGLUTIDE CAS Number: 204656‐20‐2 Other descriptive name: human glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) analogue Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 6‐ Trade Name: Amaryl Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: GLIMEPIRIDE CAS Number: 93479‐97‐1 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 1‐4 Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: METFORMIN HYDROCHLORIDE CAS Number: 1115‐70‐4 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 850‐ CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nutritional and Metabolic Diseases [C18] type 2 diabetes ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10067585 Term: Type 2 diabetes mellitus System Organ Class: 10027433 ‐ Metabolism and nutrition disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To assess the effect of treatment with liraglutide compared to glimepiride, as add‐on to metformin, for one year on circulating levels of EPCs in patients with type 2 diabetes poorly controlled. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint will be the change in circulating levels of EPCs after 12 months (Visit 7) of treatment from baseline (Visit 2). Secondary Objective: To assess the efficacy of liraglutide compared to glimepiride, as add‐on to metformin, with regards to other surrogate biomarkers of cardiovascular risk: ; ‐ IMT; ‐ Central blood pressure; ‐ CD40 ligand (CD40L); ‐ Highly sensitive c‐reactive protein (hsCRP); ‐ lipoprotein‐associated phospholipase A2 (Lp‐PLA2); ‐ BNP; ; We will also study the relationship between EPC levels and all these biomarkers.; Other safety parameters of glycaemic control will also be measured: HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and other laboratory parameters (insulin, lipid profile, creatinine and albumin). They will also be correlated with EPC levels. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after 12 months of treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary endpoints will be to compare the following parameters between the treatment arms: IMT, central blood pressure, CD40L, hsCRP, Lp‐PLA2, BNP. ; These secondary endpoints are define similarly to the primary endpoint as the change from baseline (Visit 2) to after 12 months (Visit 7). ; ; The following endpoints will also be measured as secondary parameters: ; ? HbA1c ; ? FPG ; ? Biochemistry: insulin, creatinine, albumin and lipid profile (total cholesterol, LDL‐c, HDL‐c, triglycerides). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 12 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Informed written consent obtained before any trial‐related activities (trial‐related activities are any procedures that would not have been performed during normal management of the subject). 2. Male or female patients between 18 and 75 years old; 3. Subjects diagnosed with type 2 diabetes for more than 1 year 4. Insulin naïve subjects (Allowed are: Previous short term insulin treatment < 28 days in total; Treatment during hospitalisation or during gestational diabetes is allowed for periods < 14 days in total) 5. Subjects previously treated with metformin at a minimum dose of 1500 mg/day 6. HbA1c from 7% to 9% 7. Adherence to injection therapy Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 30 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 20
 The Fit After Baby randomized controlled trial: an mHealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with elevated cardiometabolic risk;  BACKGROUND: Postpartum women with overweight/obesity and a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease. Postpartum weight loss and lifestyle changes can decrease these risks, yet traditional face‐to‐face interventions often fail. We adapted the Diabetes Prevention Program into a theory‐based mobile health (mHealth) program called Fit After Baby (FAB) and tested FAB in a randomized controlled trial. METHODS: The FAB program provided 12 weeks of daily evidence‐based content, facilitated tracking of weight, diet, and activity, and included weekly coaching and gamification with points and rewards. We randomized women at 6 weeks postpartum 2:1 to FAB or to the publicly available Text4baby (T4B) app (active control). We measured weight and administered behavioral questionnaires at 6 weeks, and 6 and 12 months postpartum, and collected app user data. RESULTS: 81 eligible women participated (77% White, 2% Asian, 15% Black, with 23% Hispanic), mean baseline BMI 32±5 kg/m2 and age 31±5 years. FAB participants logged into the app a median of 51/84 (IQR 25,71) days, wore activity trackers 66/84 (IQR 43,84) days, logged weight 17 times (IQR 11,24), and did coach check‐ins 5.5/12 (IQR 4,9) weeks. The COVID‐19 pandemic interrupted data collection for the primary 12‐month endpoint, and impacted diet, physical activity, and body weight for many participants. At 12 months postpartum women in the FAB group lost 2.8 kg [95% CI ‐4.2,‐1.4] from baseline compared to a loss of 1.8 kg [95% CI ‐3.8,+0.3] in the T4B group (p = 0.42 for the difference between groups). In 60 women who reached 12 months postpartum before the onset of the COVID‐19 pandemic, women randomized to FAB lost 4.3 kg [95% CI ‐6.0,‐2.6] compared to loss in the control group of 1.3 kg [95% CI ‐3.7,+1.1] (p = 0.0451 for the difference between groups). CONCLUSIONS: There were no significant differences between groups for postpartum weight loss for the entire study population. Among those unaffected by the COVID pandemic, women randomized to the FAB program lost significantly more weight than those randomized to the T4B program. The mHealth FAB program demonstrated a substantial level of engagement. Given the scalability and potential public health impact of the FAB program, the efficacy for decreasing cardiometabolic risk by increasing postpartum weight loss should be tested in a larger trial.
 Classic Foot Massage Applied to Preeclamptic Pregnants and Insomnia and Anxiety;  One of the most important life events that cause change in a woman's life is the experience of pregnancy and childbirth. Pregnancy is a natural process for a woman; However, many women die due to complications during pregnancy. Severe hypertension is among the main causes of maternal and infant mortality during pregnancy and postpartum period. Hypertension in pregnancy occurs in 12‐15% of all pregnancies, of which approximately 70% is preeclampsia and the remainder is chronic hypertension. It can cause severe hypertension, ablatio placenta, cerebral hemorrhage, pulmonary edema, liver and kidney failure, stroke, hemorrhage, intrauterine fetal death, HELLP (hemolysis, increased liver enzymes, low platelet) syndrome and maternal death in preeclamptic pregnant women. There is a relationship between hypertension and sleep disorders during pregnancy, . It has been reported that some sleep problems such as insomnia, fragmented sleep, snoring, sleep apnea and non‐idiopathic insomnia are more common in pregnant women with preeclampsia than healthy pregnant women. Sleep disorders are associated with both increased morbidity and mortality. Poor sleep quality also increases the risk of depression. Sleep disorders also affect cardiovascular morbidity, including neuroendocrine, metabolic and inflammatory systems. Short sleep duration in pregnancy is also associated with longer delivery times and increased cesarean rates. Similarly, sleep problems experienced during pregnancy, poor sleep quality and stress may cause prolongation of labor, more fatigue of the mother during labor, development of complications, and increased fear and anxiety of the mother; It can lead to inadequate care of pregnant women, increase in the incidence of glucose intolerance and gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, delivery of a low‐birth‐weight baby and developmental problems in the baby. Moreover , it has been determined that the 3rd trimester sleep quality score is also associated with postpartum depressive symptoms . All these results show the importance of sleep for a healthy pregnancy. Various ways of coping are sought to solve sleep problems during pregnancy. These include lip exercises and diaphragmatic breathing exercises, training programs, yoga, passive exercises, and footbathing. In addition, it has been reported that applying foot massage to pregnant women with physiological edema in the lower extremities relieves insomnia complaints. It has been observed in the literature that classical foot massage performed in different disease groups reduces sleep symptoms. However, no study has been found in the literature examining the effect of classical foot massage applied to pregnant women with preeclampsia on insomnia. The aim of this study is to determine the effect of classical foot massage applied to preeclamptic pregnant women on sleep symptoms. If classical foot massage reduces insomnia symptoms, the effectiveness of a non‐pharmacological method in reducing insomnia symptoms of preeclamptic pregnant women has been evaluated, and it is thought that a new approach will be presented both to the literature and to basic care interventions.
 A trial comparing efficacy and safety of NN5401 with insulin glargine in insulin naive subjects with type 2 diabetes Ensayo para comparar la eficacia y seguridad de NN5401 frente a insulina glargina en sujetos con Diabetes tipo 2 sin tratamiento previo con insulina;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: SIAC Product Code: NN5401 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection CAS Number: 844439‐96‐9 Current Sponsor code: NNC 0100‐0000‐0454 Other descriptive name: insulin 454 Concentration unit: nmol/ml nanomole(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 420‐ CAS Number: 116094‐23‐6 Other descriptive name: insulin aspart Concentration unit: nmol/ml nanomole(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 180‐ Trade Name: Lantus® Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection CAS Number: 160337‐95‐1 Other descriptive name: insulin glargine Concentration unit: U/ml unit(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ CONDITION: type 2 diabetes Diabetes tipo 2 ; MedDRA version: 12.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10045242 Term: Type II diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To confirm the efficacy of SIAC OD + metformin in controlling glycaemia with respect to change from baseline; in HbA1c after 26 weeks of treatment. This is done by comparing the difference in change from baseline in; HbA1c after 26 weeks of treatment between SIAC OD + metformin and insulin glargine OD + metformin to a; non‐inferiory limit of 0.4%, and if non‐inferiority is confirmed to a superiority limit of 0%. Primary end point(s): Change from baseline in HbA1c after 26 weeks of treatment (analysed by central laboratory) Secondary Objective: To confirm superiority of SIAC OD + metformin over insulin glargine OD + metformin after 26 weeks of; treatment in terms of:; • Prandial plasma glucose (PG) increment at breakfast; • Fluctuation in nocturnal interstitial glucose (IG); • Frequency of responders for HbA1c (<7.0%) without hypoglycaemic episodes; • Nocturnal hypoglycaemic episodes; • Body weight; To compare efficacy and safety after 26 weeks of treatment in terms of:; • Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from central laboratory; • 9‐point self measured plasma glucose (SMPG) profile; • Self measured plasma glucose for dose adjustments; • Glucose profile as measured with CGM in a sub‐population; • Frequency of responders for HbA1c; • Frequency of responders for HbA1c without hypoglycaemic episodes; • Clinical and laboratory assessments; • â‐cell function; • Cardiovascular risk (CV) markers; • Adverse events (AEs); • Hypoglycaemic episodes; • Insulin dose; • Insulin antibodies; • Patient reported outcome (PRO) INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Informed consent obtained before any trial‐related activities. (Trial related activities are defined as any procedure that would not have been performed during standard management of the subject) 2. Male or female = 18 years of age 3. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (diagnosed clinically) for = 6 months 4. HbA1c 7.5‐11.0% (both inclusive) by central laboratory analysis 5. BMI = 40.0 kg/m2 6. Insulin naive subject (Allowed are: Previous short term insulin treatment up to 14 days; Treatment during hospitalisation or during gestational diabetes is allowed for periods longer than 14 days) 7. Ongoing treatment with: Metformin and at least one other OAD for at least 3 months prior to randomisation with the minimum doses stated: ‐ Metformin:(including fixed combination products) 1500 mg or maximum tolerated dose (at least 1000 mg daily) ‐ Insulin secretagogue (sulfonylurea or glinide): Minimum half of the daily maximal dose according to
 Sex Differences in Atrial Fibrillation Risk: the VITAL Rhythm Study;  Importance: Women have a lower incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) compared with men in several studies, but it is unclear whether this sex difference is independent of sex differences in prevalent cardiovascular disease (CVD), body size, and other risk factors. Objective: To examine sex differences in AF incidence and whether AF risk factors differ by sex in a contemporary cohort of men and women without prevalent CVD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a prospective cohort analysis within the Vitamin D and Omega‐3 Trial (VITAL) Rhythm Study, a randomized trial that examined the effect of vitamin D and ω‐3 fatty acid supplementation on incident AF among men 50 years or older and women 55 years or older without a prior history of prevalent AF, CVD, or cancer at baseline. Data were analyzed from September 29, 2020, to June 29, 2021. Exposures: Sex, height, weight, body mass index (BMI), body surface area (BSA), and other AF risk factors at study enrollment. Main Outcomes and Measures: Incident AF confirmed by medical record review. Results: A total of 25119 individuals (mean [SD] age, 67.0 [7.1] years; 12757 women [51%]) were included in this study. Over a median (IQR) follow‐up of 5.3 (5.1‐5.7) years, 900 confirmed incident AF events occurred among 12362 men (495 events, 4.0%) and 12757 women (405 events, 3.2%). After adjustment for age and treatment assignment, women were at lower risk for incident AF than men (hazard ratio [HR], 0.68; 95% CI, 0.59‐0.77; P <.001). The inverse association between female sex and AF persisted after adjustment for race and ethnicity, smoking, alcohol intake, hypertension, diabetes (type 1, type 2, gestational), thyroid disease, exercise, and BMI (HR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.63‐0.85; P <.001). However, female sex was positively associated with AF when height (HR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.14‐1.72; P =.001), height and weight (HR 1.49, 95% CI, 1.21‐1.82; P <.001), or BSA (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.06‐1.49; P =.009) were substituted for BMI in the multivariate model. In stratified models, risk factor associations with incident AF were similar for women and men. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, findings suggest that after controlling for height and/or body size, women without CVD at baseline were at higher risk for AF than men, suggesting that sex differences in body size account for much of the protective association between female sex and AF. These data underscore the importance of AF prevention in women.
 Evaluation of Doxycycline Verses Placebo for the Treatment of Severe Nonproliferative or Mild or Moderate Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy;  The objectives of this proof‐of‐concept study are to investigate whether doxycycline can 1) slow the deterioration or improve retinal function and/or 2) induce regression, or slow progression, of diabetic retinopathy. The tests will be performed in the Ophthalmology Departments of the Penn State College of Medicine and Glostrup Hospital, Copenhagen, Denmark. The 24 month proof‐of‐concept clinical study will involve a prospective, randomized, double‐masked clinical trial including 60 adult patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes who have severe non‐proliferative diabetic retinopathy (ETDRS level 53E) or mild or moderate proliferative diabetic retinopathy (retinal and /or optic disk neovascularization less than the "high‐risk" ETDRS level 61 or 65), neovascularization of the disc or neovascularization elsewhere >1/2 disc area and in whom panretinal photocoagulation is not imminently required in the ophthalmologist's judgment. Systemic Exclusion Criteria: ‐ unstable medical status (e.g. glycemic control, blood pressure, cardiovascular disease) in the opinion of investigator ‐ significant renal disease (defined as a serum creatinine > 2.5 mg/dL), ‐ systolic blood pressure > 180 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure > 110 mm Hg ‐ history of headaches associated with tetracycline therapy ‐ history of pseudotumor cerebri ‐ pregnancy; for women of child‐bearing potential, a serum pregnancy test will be performed. ‐ lactating or intending to become pregnant during the study period (at least 24 months) ‐ sexually active women of child‐bearing potential not actively practicing birth control by using a medically accepted device or therapy (that is, intrauterine device, hormonal contraceptive, or barrier devices) during the study period (at least 24 months); since doxycycline may interfere with the effectiveness of hormonal contraceptives, sexually active women of child‐bearing potential who use a hormonal contraceptive will be required to use a second form of contraception to safeguard against contraceptive failure while participating in the study ‐ known allergy/intolerance to doxycycline or any ingredient in the study drug or placebo (e.g. cellulose, hypromellose, iron oxide, methacrylic acid copolymer, polyethylene glycol, polysorbate 80, sugar spheres, talc, titanium dioxide, and triethyl citrate) ‐ patients taking phenytoin, barbiturates or carbamazepine, with gastroparesis, with a history of gastrectomy, gastric bypass surgery or otherwise deemed achlorhydric or with a BMI > 30 kg/m2 will also be excluded because of altered doxycycline pharmacokinetics and/or bioavailability ‐ patients taking strontium, acitretin or tretinoin will be excluded due to the potential for serious drug interactions with doxycycline ‐ patients with abnormal ALT or AST at baseline will be referred to their primary care physician for medical clearance for participation in this study
 Investigation of the Efficacy of Virtual Reality Mediated Neurodynamic Exercises in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome;  Carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) is the most common nerve entrapment syndrome. It occurs as a result of compression of the median nerve as it passes through a restricted osteofibrous canal in the wrist. Known as the carpal tunnel, this canal contains the wrist bones, transverse carpal ligament, median nerve, and digital flexor tendons. Edema, tendon inflammation, hormonal changes, and manual activity can contribute to increased nerve compression and sometimes cause pain. In more severe cases, weakness may occur in the muscles innervated by the median nerve, resulting in weakness in hand muscle strength(1). In a comprehensive study, the mean age for the diagnosis of CTS was found to be 50 years, and its prevalence was found to be similar in men and women. However, the prevalence was higher in women; The incidence in women aged 65‐74 was found to be four times higher than in men(2). Many different treatment methods are used in the treatment of CTS, and these treatments include regulation of daily activities, use of splints, tendon and nerve gliding exercises, ESWT, manual therapy, kinesiotaping, physical therapy agents, medical symptomatic treatments, injections into the carpal tunnel and surgical treatment options. . Suspected risk factors for CTS include diabetes mellitus, menopause, hypothyroidism, obesity, arthritis, and pregnancy. Since hypothyroidism, menopause, and pregnancy are risk factors, there is a strong suspicion that hormonal changes may play a role in the etiology of CTS; however, no evidence was found to support this hypothesis. In the diagnosis of CTS, a comprehensive and accurate clinical history should be taken together with the exclusion of other possible causes. The syndrome is characterized by intermittent and then increasing nocturnal paresthesia and dysesthesia findings. Later, sensory loss develops with hand muscle weakness and muscle atrophy of the thenar region, resulting from extensive axonal degeneration in the course of the disease. This set of symptoms is quite typical and rarely occurs in disorders other than CTS. In severe CTS cases, paresthesia symptoms may spread to the proximal forearm and upper arm, and sometimes to the shoulder(3). In the following periods, loss of strength and atrophy of the thenar region muscles may occur. The diagnosis is made by clinical examination, electrophysiological methods (EMG) and imaging methods (such as ultrasound, magnetic resonance imaging). The clinical examination consists of sensory‐motor examination and provocative tests. 1‐2‐3 on sensory examination. numbness with touch (paresthesia) or low sense of touch (hypoesthesia) in the fingers are detected. Motor examination may be normal in the early stage, and later on, weakness (weakness) in the thumb abducting and opposing muscle is detected. In the first of the provocative tests, when the inside of the patient's wrist is hit with a reflex hammer, the patient usually feels an electric shock sensation in the first 3 fingers of the hand or a tingling sensation spreading to these fingers. This is known as Tinel's sign. In another clinical test, the patient is asked to flex both wrists (both wrists are flexed and the backs of both hands are touching each other) for 1 minute. In case of numbness and tingling spreading to the fingers, the test is considered positive (significant). , this is called the 'Phalen test'. Another diagnostic method, EMG, is performed by recording and evaluating electrical signals coming from nerves and muscles, using electricity and needles to diagnose nerve and muscle diseases. In CTS, a decrease in the conduction velocity of the median nerve is detected. In the diagnosis of CTS, the diagnosis is mostly made when the clinical picture and electrophysiological findings are evaluated well, but magnetic resonance imaging may be useful in some special cases (formations such as space‐occupying tumors). CTS treatment is divided into conservative and surgical. Conservative treatment methods include splinting (an assistive device worn on the body to relieve the nerve), exercise (sliding movements of the median nerve in the wrist and wrist flexor tendons), local corticosteroid injection (corticosteroid injection into the carpal tunnel), and ultrasound (deep with sound energy) from physical therapy applications. tissue heating), TENS (pain relief by applying controlled low‐voltage electric current to the nervous system through the skin with electrodes placed on the skin), paraffin bath (immersion of the hand in a heated paraffin pool), ergonomic arrangements. Surgical treatment includes decompression of the nerve (4). Virtual reality; It is defined as the use of interactive simulations created with computer hardware and software to offer users opportunities to enter environments that look and feel like real‐world objects and events. With the feeling of being in that environment and the possibility of interacting with the environment, it differs from products such as video and television(5). Virtual reality applications are grouped under 2 main headings as "immersive" and "non‐immersive" according to the level of user coverage of the environment. The degree of inclusiveness of the offered virtual environment depends on the level of interaction, as well as the ability to isolate the user from stimuli outside the virtual environment (such as external sounds and lights). In immersive virtual reality systems, head‐mounted screens (in the form of head‐mounted display; headgear, mask or glasses) are used, while non‐immersive virtual reality systems use screens(6). In this research the investigators aim to present the virtual reality‐mediated exercise program to patients non‐immersive. It is planned to use the Leap Motion motion sensor to detect hand and wrist movements and to monitor the gamified setup on the computer screen. The Leap Motion sensor is a hand motion sensor that rests on a stable platform and has no wearable or mountable parts on the patient. The Leap Motion sensor, whose main use is to control computers hands‐free, has no potential harm to patients. Within the scope of this research, no part will be placed on the hand or wrist of the patients, they will only be asked to move their hands at a distance of 30 cm from the relevant sensor. In the system that will be presented via computer and hand motion sensor, the patient will be asked to perform therapeutic exercises for the diagnosis of CTS in a scenario developed through virtual reality. The investigators predict that patients will actively participate in virtual reality‐mediated therapeutic exercise program with high motivation and their functional results will be better than classical exercise programs. The use of different rehabilitation protocols, which are also referred to as "serious games" in the medical field, in gamification and treatment has recently attracted attention. Virtual reality‐mediated exercises are used for neurological rehabilitation to reduce disability caused by different neurological diseases such as cerebral palsy, stroke, Parkinson's Disease, multiple sclerosis, neurodegenerative diseases(7). In addition to neurological diseases, virtual reality‐based rehabilitation methods; It has also been used in studies for scoliosis exercises, cardiac rehabilitation, chronic pain management, and pulmonary rehabilitation and its effectiveness has been demonstrated (8,9,10). In our research, the investigators aim to present the tendon and nerve gliding exercises with proven effectiveness in patients with CTS, with non‐immersive virtual reality systems, and to compare their effectiveness with the classical exercise program.
 Standard versus intensive statin therapy for hypercholesterolemic patients with diabetic retinopathy;  INTERVENTION: Intensive lipid‐control therapy group: LDL‐C <70 mg/dL Observation period: 2‐5.5 years Standard lipid‐control therapy group: LDL‐C 100 <= LDL‐C < 120 mg/dL Observation period: 2‐5.5 years CONDITION: Hypercholesterolemia complicated with diabetic retinopathy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lipid‐control will be conducted with statin monotherapy in patients with hypercholesterolemia complicated with diabetic retinopathy. Using time until the onset of cardiovascular diseases/death as an endpoint, it will be determined whether the inhibitory effect of the intensive lipid‐control therapy on the onset of cardiovascular diseases is superior to that of the standard one.; Cardiovascular diseases include the following:; ‐ cardiac event: MI, unstable angina pectoris requiring unscheduled hospitalization, coronary revascularization (PTCA, CABG); ‐ cerebral event: cerebral infarction, cerebrovascular revascularization; ‐ Renal event: initiation of permanent dialysis, 2‐fold or more increase in serum creatinine (and > 1.5 mg/dL); ‐ vascular event: aortic/peripheral arterial diseases (onset of aortic dissection, mesenteric artery thrombosis, or arteriosclerosis obliterans‐related severe ischemia (ulcer) of lower limbs, or finger/leg amputation) SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1) Efficacy will be assessed using the following evaluation parameters:; ‐ total deaths; ‐ onset of individual cardiac, cerebral, renal, vascular events; ‐ onset of stroke (cerebral infarction, cerebral hemorrhage, subarachnoid haemorrhage); ‐ changes (measured value, rate) in CKD‐related parameters (eGFR, urinary albumin, urinary protein); 2) Safety of the therapies will be evaluated using incidence rates of adverse events as an evaluation parameter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who satisfy all of the following criteria will be included. At interim registration: 1) patients who give written consent to participation in the study at their own will 2) at the age of 30 years or above (at consent acquisition) 3) male or female (except females with possibility of pregnancy) 4) Inpatient / outpatient: outpatient 5) patients with hypercholesterolemia whose LDL‐C is 120 mg/dL or more for treatment‐naive patients or 100 mg/dL or more for patients with experience of monotherapy using statins (in case of patients with atorvastatin, pitavastatin, or rosuvastatin, they must be treated with up to 10mg/day, 2mg/day, 2.5mg/day, respectively) or lipid‐lowering drugs 6) patients with type II diabetes 7) patients with no history of coronary arterial diseases (MI, angina pectoris, coronary revascularization). At official registration: 1) patients with diabetic retinopathy
 The effect of liquid treatment on increasing the amniotic fluid;  INTERVENTION: First group: is control group and did not receive any treatment Intervention 1: First group: is control group and did not receive any treatment. Intervention 2: Second group: was treated by oral hydration with 2L\2 h (water). Intervention 3: Third group: was treated by intravenous hypotonic liquid (ringer) with 21\2 h. Second group: was treated by oral hydration with 2L\2 h (water) Third group: was treated by intravenous hypotonic liquid (ringer) with 21\2 h Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Oligohydramnios Oligohydramnios. ; Oligohydramnios PRIMARY OUTCOME: Amniotic fluid index. Timepoint: Before treatment and 1 h after treatment. Method of measurement: sonography. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Amniotic fluid index 5‐10 cm, Amniotic membrane intact, age of Pregnancy 35‐36 week, Normal fetus. Exclusion criteria: Toxemia of pregnancy, patients with previous gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hyperthyroidism, fetus with congenital defect.
 To compare The effect of taking aspirin and placebo in two different diurnal times (morning and night) on mean of 24 hours blood pressure in women who are at preeclampsia risk;  INTERVENTION: control group 1: placebo at awakening, 1 pill per day control group 2: placebo at bed time, 1 pill per day Intervention 1: testing group 1: aspirin (100mg) at awakening, 1 pill per day. Intervention 2: testing group 2: aspirin (100mg) at bed time, 1 pill per day. Intervention 3: control group 1: placebo at awakening, 1 pill per day. Intervention 4: control group 2: placebo at bed time, 1 pill per day. Prevention testing group 1: aspirin (100mg) at awakening, 1 pill per day testing group 2: aspirin (100mg) at bed time, 1 pill per day CONDITION: Pre‐existing hypertension complicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium Preeclampsia. ; Pre‐existing hypertension complicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: 24 hours mean of blood pressure. Timepoint: 7 times, every month from the day of recruitment. Method of measurement: 24 hour Blood pressure monitoring automatic device. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Preeclampsia prevention and decrease fetal and maternal complications. Timepoint: during and at the end of the pregnancy. Method of measurement: clinically and sonography approved by specialist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: women with personal and family history of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, history of spontaneous abortion, obesity, adolescent or middle age nulliporous pregnancy (less than 18 or more than 35 years). Exclusion criteria: using steroidal , non steroidal or antihypertensive drugs, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, chronic gastroenteritis and adrenal disease, asthma, hemorrhage disease, diabetes or any other endocrine disease ,hyperthyroidism, hematological disease ,intolerance to devise ,Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring.
 comparison of the psychological effects of vaginal versus intramuscular progesterone administration;  INTERVENTION: Control group: participants will receive 400mg Cyclogest vaginal suppositories once daily, starting from the 16th gestational week until 37th week. Intervention 1: Control group: participants will receive 400mg Cyclogest vaginal suppositories once daily, starting from the 16th gestational week until 37th week. Intervention 2: Intervention group: will receive weekly intramuscular injections of 250mg of 17‐Hydroxyprogesterone Caproate (17‐HPC), starting from the 16th to the 37th weeks of pregnancy. Intervention group: will receive weekly intramuscular injections of 250mg of 17‐Hydroxyprogesterone Caproate (17‐HPC), starting from the 16th to the 37th weeks of pregnancy. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: preterm birth. ; Preterm spontaneous labour with preterm delivery Preterm spontaneous labour with preterm delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Psychiatric disorders. Timepoint: Two months after intervention. Method of measurement: The 28‐ General Health Questionnaire (GHQ). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose. Timepoint: 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Blood sample. Lipid profile. Timepoint: 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Blood sample. Preterm birth. Timepoint: After intervention. Method of measurement: Clinical birth. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 20–40 years of age; having a singleton pregnancy; a gestational age of 16‐17 weeks; a positive history for preterm labor. Exclusion criteria: positive history for thromboembolic events; cardiovascular disorders; diabetes; hepatic disorders; breast or genital neoplastic disorders; vaginal bleeding; missed abortion; and hypersensitivity to progesterone.
 Sequential Compression Devices Effect on Fibrinolysis in Plastic Surgery Outpatients;  Protocol: The Effect of Intraoperative Sequential Compression Devices on Fibrinolysis in Plastic Surgery Outpatients 1. Study Synopsis Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is a serious and potentially life‐threatening surgical complication. Sequential compression devices (SCDs), also called intermittent pneumatic compression, are widely used by surgeons in an effort to reduce risk. In addition to a possible mechanical effect, some investigators believe that these devices reduce the coagulability of blood by altering the fibrinolytic balance. This investigation is meant to evaluate any possible effect of these devices on fibrinolytic activity. The SCDs are not being investigated for a new indication. This study is meant to determine whether these commonly used devices have any effect on blood coagulability. This study is not intended to determine whether SCDs affect DVT rates. 2. Background The investigator (ES) has conducted a literature search on this topic. There is no published prospective randomized study available investigating a possible fibrinolytic effect of SCDs in surgical patients. Therefore any clinical benefit remains speculative. 3. Objective The use of this device is well‐recognized. The rationale for using SCDs in this study is to investigate their potential effect on blood coagulability. 5. Study Procedures The duration of the study is 2 months, sufficient to obtain data for 50 consecutive patients. All patients are plastic surgery outpatients undergoing elective cosmetic procedures. The consent discussion will take place between the principal investigator and the patient. All surgery will be performed by the study author at a state‐licensed ambulatory surgery center, the Surgery Center of Leawood, KS. Patients already have IV access at the time of surgery. A blood sample (2 cc) will be drawn immediately before surgery and at 1‐hour intervals during surgery and in the recovery room. The blood samples will be analyzed at an outside laboratory for tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) and plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1) levels at these time points. The number of blood draws will be determined by the length of the operation and time in the recovery room. The last blood sample is taken at the hourly interval that immediately precedes the patient's discharge from the recovery room. All patients will undergo ultrasound surveillance. This diagnostic test is painless, noninvasive, and highly accurate for detecting DVTs. Scans are performed before surgery, on the day after surgery, and 1 week after surgery. 6. Risk/Safety Information There is no risk or discomfort to the patient and the amount of blood drawn is minuscule. There added risks associated with SCD sleeves are very rare, such as skin irritation, nerve compression, and patient falls, although the latter problem is impossible because the devices are removed prior to the patient waking up from surgery. 7. Monitoring/Reporting of Adverse Events Any adverse event will be monitored by the principal investigator and reported to patients, although none is expected. The principal investigator will collect, assess, and follow‐up on any adverse events. Any adverse events will be reported, including to the Institutional Review Board (IRB) and regulatory authorities. 8. Study Oversight There are no foreseeable circumstances that would abort the study. The study and data will be available for auditing. Data Management 9. Data will be analyzed by a biostatistician. 12. Intended Use of the Data Disclosure 4. Subject Selection The proposed study is a prospective randomized study involving 50 consecutive plastic surgery outpatients who consent to participate. Twenty‐five patients will have sequential compression devices applied and 25 patients will not be treated with these devices and will serve as controls. All subjects are adults aged 18 or over undergoing elective cosmetic surgery, including both men and women. All patients, men and women, are included with no exclusion criteria (that go beyond exclusion criteria for elective outpatient surgery). Pregnant women are not surgical candidates and are excluded (women in the reproductive age group are routinely checked with a pregnancy test). There are no contraindications to SCDs among patients undergoing elective outpatient plastic surgery. Patients with coagulopathies that would represent a contraindication for surgery, or significant diseases (heart disease, uncontrolled diabetes) are excluded. Oral contraceptive use is permitted. The purpose of including patients who are not treated with SCDs is to have a control group, which is mandatory in a randomized study. The sample size of 50 was obtained from an a priori power analysis and sample size calculation to allow statistical significance at an alpha value of 0.05. The use of SCDs is not a standard of care requirement. Their efficacy remains controversial, with no high‐level (i.e. Level 1) support. All patients receive measures to reduce the risk of DVT. No muscle relaxation is used during surgery to preserve the calf muscle pump. Patients ambulate immediately after surgery. In addition, patients are monitored with ultrasound surveillance to ensure the early detection and treatment of any DVTs that may develop postoperatively. Patients do not normally receive anti‐platelet therapy because of the increased risk of bleeding. Patients with contraindications to the use of SCDs will be excluded from the study. These conditions include suspected active or untreated DVT, pulmonary edema, congestive heart failure, thrombophlebitis or an active infection, vein ligation, gangrene, dermatitis, open wounds, a recent skin graft, massive edema or extreme deformity of the leg, neuropathy, legs that are insensitive to pain, or when increased venous or lymphatic return is undesirable. None of these conditions is present in healthy patients undergoing elective cosmetic surgery, which form the study group. 11. Confidentiality Pooled data will be evaluated without any identifying information by a Ph.D. biostatistician. There is no opportunity for violation of patient privacy. Blood samples will only include a number (Patient 1, patient 2, etc.) and the date and time of the blood draw with no patient identifying information sent to the lab (Quest Laboratories). Patient information is kept within a secure location within the office of the principal investigator in accordance with HIPAA requirements. No patient identification will accompany any publications of the study. The data are open to inspection by any regulatory authorities. The data will be evaluated to determine whether or not the null hypothesis is confirmed (i.e. whether SCDs affect blood coagulability). It is expected that the study findings will be published in the medical literature. 10. IRB Review/Ethics Informed Consent This study meets the standard of equipoise in that there is no known benefit of SCDs in preventing DVTs in plastic surgery outpatients. SCDs harmlessly compress the calves and are known to be extremely safe. Each subject will receive full and adequate verbal and written information. Consenting patients will read and sign the Informed Consent document prior to taking part in the study and prior to surgery. Any change in the protocol will be submitted for review. This study is undertaken in accordance with ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki and are consistent with Good Clinical Practice and applicable regulatory requirements. This study will be conducted in accordance with the regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) applicable laws and IRB requirement. The author has no financial interest in any of the products, devices, or drugs used in this study. The author has no conflicts of interest to disclose. The investigator has no financial interest in ultrasound or the device used. There is no outside funding for this study.
 The effect of progesterpne supp.200mg on prevention of preterm labor after inhibition of uterine contraction in patients of Shariaty Hospital of Banddar Abbas 2014-2015;  INTERVENTION: control group: The control group would receive no such injection. Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: The treatment group received a weekly intramuscular injection of vaginal progesterone suppositories 200 mg . They were advised to continue it until their 36th week of pregnancy at home. This drug made by pharmaceutical company bayer of schering pharma. Intervention 2: control group: The control group would receive no such injection. Intervention group 1: The treatment group received a weekly intramuscular injection of vaginal progesterone suppositories 200 mg . They were advised to continue it until their 36th week of pregnancy at home. This drug made by pharmaceutical company bayer of schering pharma. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Preterm labour without delivery Preterm labour. ; Preterm labour without delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: The prevention of preterm birth after inhibition of uterine contractions. Timepoint: 48 hours after the intervention. Method of measurement: Check up and examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Between 26‐34 weeks pregnancy age; There premature uterine contractions. Exclusion criteria: the pregnancy age above 34 weeks (since in this group there would be no reason for preventing uterine contractions due to the fetal lung maturation); preterm rupture of membranes; corioamnionite, blood loss prior to the labor due to placental abruption or previa;multiple pregnancies; concomitant systemic diseases (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM); cardiovascular diseases; kidney diseases; asthma; hyperthyroid; …).
 Value of 25 mcg Cortrosyn Stimulation Test;  The study consisted of two groups of adult patients 18 to 65 years of age. The first group (G1, n=10) included patients with hypothalamic/pituitary disease with at least one pituitary axis deficiency other than ACTH deficiency. The patients had the following diagnoses: acromegaly (n=1), prolactinoma (n=2), non‐secreting pituitary macroadenomas (n=3), pituitary cholesterol granuloma (1), uncharacterized pituitary stalk lesion(1),recurrent null cell adenoma(1) and craniopharyngioma (n=1). The second group (G2, n=12) comprised healthy volunteers. The three CSTs and ITT were done in random order and separated by a median of 22 days (range, 2 ‐ 64 days) from each other. Cortisol levels were measured at 30 and 60 minute (min) during CSTs. A peak cortisol cut‐off of 18 μg/dl was used as the pass criterion during ITT. The result of total cortisol levels during ITT were used to determine free cortisol cut‐offs during CSTs and ITT. None of the patients had pituitary surgery within six weeks prior to enrollment and none of the women were on estrogen. Patients in G1 had to be on at least 3 months of stable hormone replacement for hormone deficiencies. All control subjects (G2) had normal TSH, free T4 and prolactin levels. All premenopausal women in the control group had a history of regular, age appropriate menses and none took birth control pills within 3 months of study entry. Postmenopausal subjects had appropriately elevated FSH concentration. All men in the control group had normal FSH and total testosterone levels. Exclusion criteria included: inability of subject to give an informed consent, pregnancy, patients with diabetes mellitus type 1 and type 2, any pituitary insult such as pituitary surgery in the past 6 weeks, elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) more than 3 times the upper limit of normal, renal failure (defined as serum creatinine more than 2 mg/dl), history of malignancy in the last 5 years, severe acute illness and patients on opioid (fentanyl, oxycodone, hydrocodone, acetaminophen/hydrocodone) treatment. In addition, patients with a history of coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, congestive heart failure, arrhythmias, or seizure disorder, were excluded due to the potential risk during ITT. Study procedures: Patients with HPA axis disorders and control subjects interested in the study were contacted by the research team for a screening interview. A complete medical history was obtained for each study participant. For female participants, a reproductive history was taken. All women in reproductive age group had a negative urine pregnancy test. All study participants were instructed to fast overnight for 12 hours prior to testing. Six patients were on glucocorticoid replacement and were instructed to hold their medication for 24 hours prior to their dynamic testing. All the tests were conducted at the Clinical Research Unit on site at the Cleveland Clinic. The study was approved by the Cleveland Clinic Institutional Review Board. All subjects signed an informed consent. Cosyntropin Stimulation tests: The 250 µg cosyntropin vial was reconstituted with 1 ml of 0.9% saline and used the same day. 25 µg cosyntropin was prepared by reconstituting the 250 µg vial with 1 ml of 0.9% saline and withdrawing 0.1 ml for each injection. The unused reconstituted cosyntropin vials were discarded at the end of the day. 1 µg cosyntropin was prepared by diluting the 250 µg in 250ml of 0.9% saline and withdrawing 1ml for intravenous injection. Reconstituted solution for 1 µg dose was refrigerated and used for up to a month. During the CSTs, sFC and TC levels were drawn at baseline (t=0 min) and then at 30 and 60 min after 1µg (IV), 25 µg (IM) and 250µg (IM) cosyntropin doses. ITT: The test was initiated between 0800 and 0900 hrs, after an overnight fast. Regular human insulin 0.10 ‐ 0.15 units /kg was administered intravenously, with target blood glucose less than 40 mg/dL. Additional insulin bolus was administered, if needed, to achieve the target glucose value. Administration of oral or intravenous dextrose was allowed if the subject developed signs of symptomatic hypoglycemia. Blood glucose levels were checked at 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 min and sFc and TC were drawn at 0, 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 min. Assays: The screening labs for control subjects TSH, free T4, prolactin and complete metabolic profile and bedside blood glucose tests were done at the Cleveland Clinic lab. The screening labs for FSH, Testosterone, and samples of TC and sFC were analyzed at Quest Diagnostics Nichols Institute, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675, USA. TC was measured using Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry (LCMS). The intra assay coefficient of variation (CV) were 3.0‐4.6% at 15.9 and 202.7 µg /dl, respectively. The inter‐assay CV were 4.8 and 7.6% at 15.2 and 189.9 µg /dl, respectively. sFC was measured using LCMS after separating bound and unbound cortisol by equilibrium dialysis. The intra assay CVs were 7.4 and 9.3 % at 0.36 and 2.17 µg /dl, respectively. The inter‐assay CVs were 9.4 and 9.8% at 0.36 and 2.17 µg/dl, respectively. Statistical analysis: Patient groups were compared on categorical factors using Pearson chi‐square tests and Fisher exact tests. Continuous measures were evaluated using Wilcoxon rank sum tests. Sensitivity(SE) and specificity(SP) for each of the CSTs were estimated using optimal cut‐offs from ROC curves, with respect to ITT as the gold standard. Youden's Index, which identifies the largest combination of SE and SP for each test was used to identify the optimal cut‐off for each test. Tests were compared on SE and SP using McNemar's test. Pearson's correlation coefficient was used to measure the strength of association of peak cortisol levels among pairs of testing methods. Ninety‐five percent confidence intervals were produced for all the correlation, SE, and SP estimates. Comparisons of the correlations were performed using the methods by Meng, Rosenthal, and Rubin (1992) to compare the correlations and calculate 95% confidence intervals for the difference among the tests [17]. Lower bounds of these intervals above a zero value was considered statistically significant evidence that the 25‐µg test is a better test, while lower bounds at least as high as ‐0.15 was used to determine non‐inferiority at those respective margins. Analyses were performed using R software (version 3.1; Vienna, Austria) and SAS software (version .3; Cary, NC).
 Immunonutrition in Cardiac Surgery;  Objective To study the effect of two preoperative immune enhancing nutritional supplements compared with a control nutritional supplement in 'high risk' risk cardiac surgery patients Introduction: Elderly patients and patients with a poor ventricular function undergoing cardiac operations with hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB), have an increased postoperative morbidity and mortality. Host defence may be diminished due to nutritional deficiencies, hypoperfusion, anaesthesia and operative trauma. Immune function is additionally depressed by the use of CPB and hypothermia. It has been suggested that L‐arginine can improve postoperative outcome in cardiac surgery patients, glycine may have a role in protecting tissues against insults such as ischemia‐reperfusion and hypoxia, and omega‐3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega3‐PUFA's) can limit the postoperative generalised inflammatory response. Experimental studies have shown that the use of nutritional supplements containing L‐arginine, omega3‐PUFA's or nucleotides, boost immune responsiveness after surgery or trauma. L‐arginine is a semi‐essential amino acid and precursor of nitrous oxide (NO), the most important endothelial vasodilator. In experimental studies, L‐arginine improved wound healing, restored postoperative depressed macrophage function and lymphocyte responsiveness and augmented resistance to infections. Arginine protected against ischemia‐reperfusion injury by increasing oxygen delivery upon reflow, thereby improving cardiac function. The intake of additional omega3‐PUFA's alters cell membrane phospholipid content and prostaglandin synthesis. This might be an important factor in limiting the generalised inflammatory response and subsequent immunosuppression and capillary leakage following major surgery. Purines and pyrimidines are essential nutrients for rapidly dividing cells. The administration of nucleotides in the form of yeast‐RNA has improved the host immune response to an infectious challenge. In experimental studies glycine has been proven cytoprotective in stomach, kidney, liver and cardiovascular system. The metabolic response to oral glycine is that it facilitates the uptake op glucose from the circulation. Study design: A prospective randomized placebo‐controlled three armed double blind study Setting: Departments of cardiopulmonary surgery, anesthesiology and intensive care of the Academic Medical Center, Amsterdam, The Netherlands Patients: Eligible patients will be included in the study after obtaining written informed consent Inclusion criteria: Patients who met one or more of the inclusion criteria: aged 70 years or more, undergoing cardiac surgery with the use of CPB, or patients with a poor left ventricular function (Ejection fraction < 0.40) or patients undergoing a mitral valve replacement. Exclusion criteria: Age < 21 years, pregnancy, insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, hepatic cirrhosis, known malignancy, the use of chemotherapy, NSAIDs (excluding acetyl salic acid) or corticosteroids, schizophrenia, severe renal insufficiency (creatinine clearance < 25 mL/h), patients with an organ transplantation in the past Randomization: 74 patients will be randomized by closed envelop method The immunonutrients, arginine, omega3‐PUFA’s and yeast‐RNA, have been combined into a single oral immune enhancing nutritional supplement (OIENS). In cancer surgery, trauma and critically ill patients ‘post event’ nutrition with this immune enhancing formula has improved immunocompetence, reduced infections and shortened length of stay in the hospital (LOSH). The onset of the effect of postoperative immune enhancing nutrition starts after 3 days and seems to be dose dependent. For this reason, it can be hypothesised that it may be beneficial to commence an oral immune enhancing nutritional supplement (OIENS) before surgery. A recent published clinical trail showed that the OIENS with these three immunonutrients in high risk cardiac surgery patients improves preoperative clinical relevant immunological parameters, reduced postoperative infectious morbidity and attenuated postoperative organ dysfunction. Recently, the three immunonutrients have been combined with glycine into a new single OIENS. Aim of the present study in ‘high risk’ cardiac surgery patients was to determine whether the intake of the new OIENS for minimally five days improves preoperative host defence and subsequently reduces postoperative infections and organ dysfunction. Intervention: All patients will receive one of the three enteral nutritional supplements. A formula enriched with arginine, omega‐3 PUFA's and nucleotides or the enriched formula further enriched with additional glycine or a control formula. Patients that needs postoperative enteral nutritional support will receive the same formula as preoperative. Patients that need no postoperative enteral nutrition nasogastric tube feeding will not receive the nutritional supplement Endpoints: Patient compliance, infections, postperfusion phenomena, post‐operative organ function (need of postoperative support e.g. inotropic, vasopressor support, fluids, myocardial infarction, ventilation parameters, renal function) time of recovery, mortality
 Hydrogen Water Treatment for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome;  SPECIFIC AIMS The aim of this pilot randomized control trial (RCT) is to explore the possible beneficial effect of a novel therapy, molecular hydrogen (H2) for the symptoms and related functional limitations in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome. BACKGROUND AND SIGNIFICANCE Oxidative stress and impaired energy metabolism have been implicated in the pathophysiology of myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS), a debilitating illness without clearly identified etiology or effective medical treatments. As such, treatments that reduce oxidative stress and yield improvements in energy production may show potential to ameliorate the symptoms and functional limitations of this illness. Numerous publications on the biological and medical benefits of H2 have shown that H2 reduces oxidative stress not only by direct reactions with strong oxidants, but also indirectly by regulating various gene expressions. In addition to its potential therapeutic properties for ME/CFS, H2 water is portable, easily administered and safe to ingest. PRELIMINARY STUDIES The proposed study is a pilot study in ME/CFS for which there are no directly applicable preliminary studies utilizing the proposed H2 therapy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Eligible subjects will be recruited by advertising. Assessments will be conducted by telephone, via home‐based monitoring, and online diaries. The PI has 16 years' experience recruiting ME/CFS patients for his NIH funded studies. Given the absence of effective interventions for this illness and the absence of in‐person visits in the proposed study, the possibility of being helped by the benign treatment of H2 is likely to attract many patients with ME/CFS. Study Sample Subjects who meet the inclusion/exclusion criteria below and provide consent will be recruited and randomized sequentially 1:1 to receive either H2 or placebo. The investigators will seek to enroll a total of 25 patients meeting enrollment criteria and randomized to H2 vs placebo arms. The investigators project a study duration of 8‐10 months. Screening Inclusion criteria: These are: patients aged 18‐65 of both sexes considered physically capable and willing to perform the study tasks, including wearing a heart monitor and an actigraph (at baseline and post‐treatment weeks). Subjects must also meet our validated phone‐screen eligibility for ME/ CFS criteria. A physician note confirming a CFS diagnosis will be requested. Medical exclusions, determined by validated phone screen interview, will consist of cases of fatigue clearly attributable to self‐report medical conditions such as untreated hypothyroidism, unstable diabetes mellitus, organ failure, chronic infections, and chronic inflammatory diseases, or AIDS. Exclusionary psychiatric disorders include any psychosis, or alcohol/ substance abuse within two years prior to illness onset and any time afterward, and current or past depression with melancholic or psychotic features within 5 years prior to onset of ME/CFS or anytime afterward. Pregnancy, as determined by reliable home test kit sent to subjects, is also an exclusion. Two other exclusionary criteria will be used: a) patients on heart medication or patients not dose‐stabilized for at least 3 months on antidepressant drugs; b) patients at significant risk of suicide or in need of urgent psychiatric treatment. As much as possible, appropriate medical and psychiatric referrals to facilities local to subjects will be provided. Procedures/Outcome measures This will be a double blinded, placebo‐controlled trial. Subjects will be sequentially randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive H2, or corresponding placebo, additional to all standard‐of‐care treatments. All study‐related participant activities, including questionnaires, activity and heart monitoring, and online diaries will be completed by participants in their homes. No face‐to‐face visits to Stony Brook are involved. H2 water is Generally Recognized As Safe (GRAS) and is increasingly available on the general consumer market. Self‐report questionnaire assessments for ME/CFS symptoms, fatigue, autonomic symptoms, physical function, anxiety, and depression will be done in the week before and the week after the 30 day trial. In addition, an online web diary to record ME/CFS symptoms and home‐based objective assessments of heart rate variability (a measure of parasympathetic function) and accelerometry (a physical activity assessment) will be scheduled before, during, and/or after the intervention period. STATISTICS The study will define improvement by a 50% reduction in ME/CFS symptoms. Repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) will compare pre‐ and post‐treatment measurements of effectiveness and general health markers.
 398: gestational diabetes screening following normal early testing results;  Objective: While early gestational diabetes (GDM) screening has been expanded to a larger patient proportion, no standard protocol for follow‐up after normal early screening has been adopted. Uncertainty exists as to whether patients should be re‐screened at 24‐28 weeks and, if so, which test (1‐hour or 3‐hour) should be performed at that time. In women who had normal early GDM screening, we evaluated the results of subsequent GDM screening and diagnostic tests at 24‐28 weeks to determine the optimal approach to follow‐up. Study Design: Planned secondary analysis of an RCT examining the clinical utility of early GDM screening. Pregnant women <20 weeks GA with a BMI >30 kg/m2 were randomized to GDM screening at 14‐20 wks (early) versus 24‐28 wks (routine). Screening for GDM included a 50‐g, 1‐hr glucose challenge test (1‐hr GCT) followed by a 100‐g, 3‐hr glucose tolerance test (3‐hr GTT) if 1‐hr GCT was > 135 mg/dL. Diagnosis of GDM was made using Carpenter‐ Coustan criteria. Those with negative early screening were re‐screened at 24‐28 wks, starting with repeat 1‐hr GCT, regardless of the early GCT results. Women with pregestational diabetes, major medical problems (cardiac, hematologic), steroid use, bariatric surgery, and prior cesarean were excluded from the initial RCT. Results: Of the 397 who underwent early 1‐hr GCT screening in the RCT, 29 (7.3%, 95% CI 4.9‐10.3) received a diagnosis of GDM following 3‐hr GTT at 14‐20 weeks. Of the 85 women with an elevated early 1‐hr GCT but normal 3‐ hr GTT, 45 (52.9%, 95% CI 41.8‐63.9) again had a screen‐positive 1‐hr GCT when repeated at 24‐28 wks, and 22 (48.9%, 95% CI 33.7‐64.2) of these were diagnosed with GDM on 3‐hr GTT. Among the women who initially passed the early 1‐hr GCT, only 9 (3.2%, 95% CI 1.5‐6.0) were ultimately diagnosed with GDM during re‐screening at 24‐28 weeks GA. Conclusion: Only half of women with an abnormal early 1‐hr GCT but normal early 3‐hr GTT required a second 3‐ hr GTT. Given the time and resources required for the 3‐hr GTT, we recommend repeating the 1‐hr GCT in lieu of proceeding directly to the 3‐hr GTT for screening at 24‐28 wks. Additionally, among women with a normal early 1‐hr GCT, only 3% were ultimately diagnosed with GDM on repeat screening at 24‐28 wks; the need for re‐screening this population at 24‐28 wks should be reconsidered. [Figure presented]
 The Comparison of different dosage of ketamine - propofol ( ketofol ) for Procedural Sedation and Analgesia for Orthopedic injuries in Rasoul-Akram ,Hafte-Tir and Firouzgar Emergency Department: a Randomized,Prospective,Double-Blind Trial;  INTERVENTION: Group A: A single dose of Propofol , 1 mg/kg ,IV as well as Ketamine 1 mg/kg , IV, 3 minute before the procedure .The next doses will be administered with half dose, or other sedative drugs ,if needed. Group B: A single dose of Propofol , 1 mg/kg ,IV, plus Ketamine 0.5 mg/kg ,IV , 3 minute before the procedure.The next doses will be administered with half dose ,or other sedative drugs,if needed. Group C: A single dose of Propofol, 1 mg/kg , IV , plus Ketamine 0.33 mg/kg ,IV , 3 minutes before the procedure.The next doses will be administered with half dose or other sedative drugs,if needed. Group G: A single dose of Propofol , 1 mg/kg , IV, plus Ketamine , 0.25 mg/kg , IV, 3 minute before the procedure.The next doses will be administered with half dose,or other sedative drugs,if needed. Intervention 1: Group A: A single dose of Propofol , 1 mg/kg ,IV as well as Ketamine 1 mg/kg , IV, 3 minute before the procedure .The next doses will be administered with half dose, or other sedative drugs ,if needed. Intervention 2: Group B: A single dose of Propofol , 1 mg/kg ,IV, plus Ketamine 0.5 mg/kg ,IV , 3 minute before the procedure.The next doses will be administered with half dose ,or other sedative drugs,if needed. Intervention 3: Group C: A single dose of Propofol, 1 mg/kg , IV , plus Ketamine 0.33 mg/kg ,IV , 3 minutes before the procedure.The next doses will be administered with half dose or other sedative drugs,if needed. Intervention 4: Group G: A single dose of Propofol , 1 mg/kg , IV, plus Ketamine , 0.25 mg/kg , IV, 3 minute before the procedure.The next doses will be administered with half dose,or other sedative drugs,if needed. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Dislocation of shoulder joint. Condition 2: Dislocation of elbow. Condition 3: Dislocation of ankle joint. Condition 4: Dislocation of hip. Condition 5: Multiple fracture of femor. Condition 6: Multiple fracture of lower leg. Condition 7: Multiple fracture of forearm. ; Dislocation of shoulder joint ; Dislocation of elbow ; Dislocation of ankle joint ; Dislocation of hip ; Multiple fracture of femor ; Multiple fracture of lower leg ; Multiple fracture of forearm Dislocation of ankle joint Dislocation of elbow Dislocation of hip Dislocation of shoulder joint Multiple fracture of femor Multiple fracture of forearm Multiple fracture of lower leg PRIMARY OUTCOME: Recovery time. Timepoint: From last drug prescription up to get needed criteria to leave the recovery. Method of measurement: Base on minute. Sedation time. Timepoint: ?From first dose drug prescription up to get needed criteria to leave the recovery. Method of measurement: Base on minute. Severity of Pain. Timepoint: Before and after procedure. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient should be candidate for procedural sedation in ED;Patient should be in age range of 14 and 65 years;Patient should be with of 1 or 2 in physical status in American society anesthesiologist classification. Exclusion criteria : Pregnancy;Patients who have history of cardiovascular disease; Moderate to severe asthma attack; Present Pneumonia; Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus; Sepsis; Neurologic /Psychiatric disease:Using neurologic /psychiatric drugs; Moderate to severe obesity; cardiac; renal; liver; pulmonary insufficiency; Allergy to ketamine; propofol; soya; egg; Multiple trauma; Patients that do not fill consent form. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Arterial oxygen saturation. Timepoint: Before and during of procedure,during recovery and complete conscious time. Method of measurement: Pulse oximetry monitoring. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and during of procedure,during recovery and complete conscious time. Method of measurement: Checking blood pressure (non invasive). Heart rate. Timepoint: Before and during of procedure,during recovery and complete conscious time. Method of measurement: Checking the pulse for one minute. Patient's satisfaction. Timepoint: After procedure. Method of measurement: Base on Likert scale. Practitioner's satisfaction. Timepoint: After procedure. Method of measurement: Base on Likert scale. Respiratory rate. Timepoint: Before and during of procedure,during recovery and complete conscious time. Method of measurement: Checking the RR for one minute. Side effects of prescribed drugs. Timepoint: Before,during and after procedure. Method of measurement: Observation.
 Folinic Acid and Vascular Reactivity in HIV;  Design and participants This was a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial. Eligible participants were individuals with known HIV disease according to Centers for Disease Control revised criteria, aged 18 or over, on ART for at least 6 months, with undetectable viral load (less than 50 copies/ml), and CD4 counts more than 200 cells/mm3. Exclusion criteria were diabetes mellitus, any active infection, liver disease, renal disease, history of cardiovascular disease, or uncontrolled hypertension, pregnancy, use of illicit drug and mental illness that would compromise understanding and collaboration with the study. Patients currently using tobacco, taking any dietary supplement (such as folic acid or antioxidants) or women taking hormone replacement therapy were also excluded. All medications in regular use were maintained throughout the study period. The protocol was approved by the committee for ethics in research of the Hospital de Clínicas de Porto Alegre, and all participants gave written informed consent. Study settings The study took place at the HIV outpatient clinic of the Hospital de Clínicas de Porto Alegre, a national reference center for HIV/AIDS in southern Brazil, from August 2009 to September 2011. Interventions Participants were randomly assigned to a 4‐week treatment with either folinic acid (n=15) or placebo (n=15). The study supplementation regimens consisted of the capsules containing 5 mg of folinic acid or placebo. Participants were provided with 1 bottle, which contained 30 capsules. Subjects were instructed to take 1 capsule daily, in the morning. Outcomes The primary outcome measure was assessment of brachial artery vascular responses during reactive hyperemia. Secondary outcomes were the changes on the biochemical and hemodynamic variables. Vascular measurements After an overnight fast, the assessments were performed in a temperature‐controlled (20‐22°C), quiet room, with subjects in the supine position. Throughout the protocol, blood pressure (BP) and heart rate were measured in the dominant arm using a calibrated oscillometric automatic device (Dinamap 1846 SX/P; Critikon, Florida, USA). Forearm blood flow was measured by venous occlusion plethysmography (D.E Hokanson, Washington, USA), in the nondominant limb, as previously described. In short, a rapid inflator cuff was used in the upper arm to occlude venous outflow and hand circulation was arrested by placing a cuff around the wrist. Reactive hyperemia (RH) was induced by placing a cuff in the upper‐arm at 250 mmHg, and releasing after 5 min. All flow recordings were manually traced by an operator who was blinded to the groups, and time. The reproducibility of flow measurements in our laboratory has intraday and interday coefficients of variation of 6.9 and 9.2%, respectively. After 15 min of rest, 2.5 mg of sublingual isosorbide dinitrate (Isordil®, Sigma, Brazil), was administered as an endothelium‐independent vasodilator. Five minutes later, endothelium‐independent vasodilatation of the brachial artery was measured. Laboratory measurements All samples were obtained after an overnight fast, before and after 4 weeks of intervention. For each subject, total plasma homocysteine concentration, serum folate, vitamin B12, glucose, creatinine, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), and triglycerides were measured. Serum folate and vitamin B12 levels were measured by a competitive immunoassay using direct chemiluminescent technology (Bayer ADVIA Centaur, Leverkusen, Germany). Plasma homocysteine levels were also measured by a competitive immunoassay using direct chemiluminescent technology (IMMULITE 2000 Siemens, Illinois, USA). Glucose, creatinine, total cholesterol, HDL‐c, and triglycerides were measured with standard laboratory methods. Sample size and randomization Power calculations showed that a total number of 15 participants per group would be able to detect a change of 4ml/min/100ml in vascular response during reactive hyperemia between groups, with a power of 80% and α=0.05. For allocation of the participants, randomization was achieved by computer‐generated list of random numbers, and the investigators remained blind until the study was completed. Participants were randomly assigned to placebo or folinic acid treatment groups. The randomization procedure was performed in three blocks of 10 and was stratified according to sex, to ensure a relatively equal number of men and women in each treatment group. Folinic acid and placebo capsules were indistinguishable in shape, size, as well as color. They were pre‐packed in identical bottles and consecutively numbered for each patient, according to the randomization schedule. Supplements were coded so that neither the investigators nor the participants were aware of the contents. A person not affiliated with the study was the only one entrusted with the identification code for the individually wrapped bottles of capsules. Statistical analysis All variables were tested for normal distribution with the Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test. Normally distributed variables are expressed as mean ± SEM. Variables non‐normally distributed are presented as median (25th‐75th percentiles). Baseline comparisons of group characteristics were carried out by unpaired t‐test or Mann‐Whitney U test. To compare responses after 4 weeks of intervention, a two‐way analysis of variance (ANOVA) for repeated measures (group, time, and interaction) was used. Associations between changes in serum folic acid and changes in RH and associations between changes in plasma homocysteine and changes in RH were evaluated by Spearman's rank correlation coefficient. A two‐tailed P value of less than 0.05 was considered as statistically significant.
 The effect of hypocaloric diet and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on overweight and obesity;  INTERVENTION: Control group: no intervention First intervention group: Thirty eight patients with Nafld will receive a hypocaloric diet program consisting of 50% carbohydrates, 20% protein and 30% fat with a goal of 5% weight reduction. Dietary intake will assess by 24‐hour recall method for 3 days and food frequency questionnaire at baseline and the end of the trial. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood sugar, fasting insulin, lipid profile (TC, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG), HOMA‐IR, liver enzyme (ALT and AST) and physical activity data will be collected at baseline and the end of the intervention. Intervention 1: First intervention group: Thirty eight patients with Nafld will receive a hypocaloric diet program consisting of 50% carbohydrates, 20% protein and 30% fat with a goal of 5% weight reduction. Dietary intake will assess by 24‐hour recall method for 3 days and food frequency questionnaire at baseline and the end of the trial. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood sugar, fasting insulin, lipid profile (TC, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG), HOMA‐IR, liver enzyme (ALT and AST) and physical activity data will be collected at baseline and the end of the intervention. Intervention 2: Second intervention group: Thirty eight patients with Nafld will take 2 omega‐3 fatty acids capsules per day providing 1500 mg EPA+DHA. Dietary intake will assess by 24‐hour recall method for 3 days at baseline and the end of the trial. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood sugar, fasting insulin, lipid profile (TC, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG), HOMA‐IR, liver enzyme (ALT and AST) and physical activity data will be collected at baseline and the end of the interventio. Intervention 3: Control group: no intervention. Second intervention group: Thirty eight patients with Nafld will take 2 omega‐3 fatty acids capsules per day providing 1500 mg EPA+DHA. Dietary intake will assess by 24‐hour recall method for 3 days at baseline and the end of the trial. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood sugar, fasting insulin, lipid profile (TC, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG), HOMA‐IR, liver enzyme (ALT and AST) and physical activity data will be collected at baseline and the end of the interventio Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified SECONDARY OUTCOME: Physical activity level. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: international physical activity questionnaire short form (IPAQ‐SF). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 18 and 65 years; the diagnosis of Nafld is established by the presence of steatosis of the liver on ultrasound associated with a persistent increase in alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) of 1.5‐4 times the upper limit of normal and AST:ALT<1; body mass index between 25 and 40 kg/m2; having informed consent. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy and lactation; alcohol consumption; substance abuse; engaging in strenuous exercise; any known pathological condition affecting the liver, e.g., autoimmune liver disease, hepatic virus infection, hepatobiliary disease,history of liver transplantation, hereditary defects (Wilson disease, hemochromatosis, ...), neoplasm, cardiovascular disease, endocrine disorders (diabetes mellitus, untreated hypothyroidism,...), bariatric surgery within the past year, engagement in an active weight loss program or taking weight‐loss medication within the 3 months before the study, o PRIMARY OUTCOME: Alanine aminotransferase (ALT). Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in international units/liter, using colorimetry method. Aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in international units/liter, using colorimetry method. Body mass index. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: kg/m2, using standard formula. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in milligram per deciliter, using colorimetry method. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in microUnit/milliliter, using Elisa. Height. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in meter, using mounted tape. High density lipoprotein (HDL‐C). Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in milligram per deciliter, using colorimetry method. HOMA‐IR. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: using formula. Low density lipoprotein (LDL‐C). Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in milligram per deciliter, using colorimetry method. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in milligram per deciliter, using colorimetry method. Triglyceride. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in milligram per deciliter, using colorimetry method. Waist circumference. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in centimeter, using a soft tape. Weight. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 month. Method of measurement: measured in kilograms, using digital scale.
 Dexamethasone Improves Postoperative Symptoms After Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy;  Patients and methods Patients Between January 2007 and August 2008, 210 patients undergoing LC were studied in accordance with a prospective, randomized, double‐blind clinical trial. Patients were randomized to receive intravenous dexamethasone (8 mg) or homologated placebo 60 minutes before skin incisions, using an equal number of blind envelopes. Patients of American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) classes III and IV were excluded. Further exclusion criteria were age more than 80 years; pregnancy; treatment with steroids; severe diabetes mellitus (HbA1c > 8%); use of opioids, sedatives or any kind of analgesics less than one week before LC; a history of alcohol or drug abuse; preoperative diagnosis of acute cholecystitis, acute pancreatitis, choledocolithiasis, gallbladder carcinoma and/or conversion of the LC to an open procedure. All patients were followed from hospital admission until 30 days after the surgical procedure. Anesthesia and surgery All patients underwent a standardized general anesthesia procedure. Induction used intravenous midazolam (1.5 mg) and fentanyl (3‐5 mcg/kg of body weight) and propofol (2 mg/kg body weight). Anesthesia was maintained with 2 to 3% sevoflurane and 100% oxygen concentration. Neuromuscular blocking was maintained with intravenous vecuronium (0.1 mg/kg body weight). All patients were monitored with indirect determinations of arterial pressure and heart rate using the standard technique as well as expired CO2 content and oxygen blood saturation. A nasogastric tube was placed in all patients during the operation and taken out at the end of the surgical procedure. Afterwards, all patients were extubated and transferred to the immediate postsurgical care unit with cardiovascular and oxygen monitoring. All patients received preoperative intravenous antibiotics (1 g of intravenous first‐generation cephalosporin). LC was performed using a 2‐handed, 4‐trocar technique with 2 10‐mm ports and 2 5‐mm ports. A 10‐mm subumbilical port was introduced by the open method, subsequently creating a pneumoperitoneum, maintained at 12 to 14 mmHg of intra‐abdominal pressure. All of the laparoscopic treatments were performed by expert surgeons, each having sufficient experience of laparoscopic surgery (more than 150 LCs per year). The skin was closed with single nonabsorbable sutures. Closed suction drains were placed in the inferior surface of the liver, using a 5‐mm lateral port in some patients according to each surgeon's preference. The drains were removed during the following 12‐24 h. Analgesia and antiemetics Pain and fatigue were assessed preoperatively and immediately on return to the recovery room, and at 6, 12 and 24 h after the operation using a visual analogue scale (VAS; 0 = no pain/fatigue to 10 = most severe pain/fatigue) [7,15,16]. Analgesia was given as intravenous sodium ketorolac (30 mg every 8 h). Intramuscular buprenorphine (0.15‐0.30 mcg) was used as a backup analgesic medication. The incidence of PONV was recorded immediately on return to the recovery room and at 6, 12 and 24 h, after the operation, using a four‐point ordinal scale (0 = none, 1 = nausea, 2 = nausea with request for antiemetic, 3 = vomiting). Intravenous ondansetron (4‐8 mg) was given for antiemetic treatment on demand. Data collection and statistical analysis Postoperative complications were recorded during hospitalization and the patients were followed up to 30 days after discharge. Data collected also included patient age, sex, body mass index (BMI), ASA score, history of previous abdominal surgery, anesthesia and operation time and frequency of use of analgesic and antiemetic drugs. These parameters were summed and compared between the dexamethasone and placebo groups. The study endpoints were degree of postoperative nausea, vomiting, pain and fatigue and additional analgesic and antiemetic drugs. The sample size was predetermined. We expected a 20% difference in the incidence of nausea and vomiting between groups. The error alpha error was set at 0.05 and beta error at 0.20; n = 103 patients for each group was considered adequate, according to a power analysis. Results were expressed as percentages and as the mean ± standard deviation (SD). Student's t test and the chi squared test were used for the analysis of quantitative and qualitative data, respectively. Differences were considered statistically significant at p < 0.05. Ethical considerations The study was conducted according to the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki of 1989 and the Mexican Health Guidelines. The Ethical and Research Committees of the Regional Hospital # 110 of the Mexican Institute for Social Security in Jalisco, Mexico approved all protocols. Full, written informed consent was obtained from all patients before their inclusion in the study.
 Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on In-vitro Fertilization (IVF) Outcomes;  Historically, vitamin D has been considered to play a role solely in bone and calcium metabolism. Numerous studies have suggested a link between vitamin D deficiency and adverse health outcomes such as malignancy, cardiovascular disease, immune functioning, and glucose metabolism. In the obstetrics literature, vitamin D deficiency has been linked to preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and increased rate of cesarean section rate. Recent data from retrospective chart reviews have demonstrated a possible role of vitamin D in implantation and clinical pregnancy rates in patients undergoing in‐vitro fertilization. Patients found to be deficient in vitamin D were found to have significantly lower clinical pregnancy rates when compared to patients who were replete in vitamin D levels. Currently, there are no prospective clinical trials investigating the effects of vitamin D supplementation on IVF outcomes such as clinical pregnancy rate and implantation rates. The investigators hypothesize that the vitamin D supplementation in patients found to be either deficient or insufficient in vitamin D will lead to improved pregnancy rates in infertility patients undergoing in‐vitro fertilization.
 The effect of relaxation on mother’s anxiety and maternal-fetal attachment;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Intervention 1: Then, the mothers in the intervention group were divided into two 20‐subject groups and participated in four 90‐minute educational classes weekly held on Saturdays. It should be mentioned that the intervention group received relaxation training in addition to the routine pregnancy care. The intervention was performed as follows: First session: anatomical, physiological, and hormonal changes during pregnancy, sperm and ovum, stages of IVF, physiology of fetal development, signs of anxiety, effects of anxiety on pregnancy, strategies for more adaptation with changes in pregnancy including appropriate nutrition, individual health, physical health, mental health, identification of methods for improving compatibility with changes in pregnancy such as relaxation, and effects of relaxation. Second session: development of fetus in different months of pregnancy, nutrition during pregnancy, effect of healthy nutrition and pregnancy care on maternal and fetal health, effect of relaxation on reduction of anxiety, and effect of relaxation on mother and fetus' physical and mental health. Third session: Signs of risk in pregnancy and ways to cope with them, and effect of relaxation on improvement of mother's sleeping and nutrition, maternal‐fetal attachment, and fetal growth. Fourth session: effect of relaxation on delivery process, necessity to perform relaxation during delivery, effect of relaxation on improvement after delivery, breastfeeding, and reduction of postpartum depression. At the end of all the educational sessions, Benson's relaxation technique was performed. This technique is quite easy and safe and the mothers were reassured regarding its safety by a gynecologist. This method is very easy to learn and does not take more than 10‐20 minutes to perform (from the tip of toes to forehead). Benson's relaxation technique can be done while lying down or sitting on the chair. In order to make sure that women did the relaxation technique at The control group only received the routine care Then, the mothers in the intervention group were divided into two 20‐subject groups and participated in four 90‐minute educational classes weekly held on Saturdays. It should be mentioned that the intervention group received relaxation training in addition to the routine pregnancy care. The intervention was performed as follows: First session: anatomical, physiological, and hormonal changes during pregnancy, sperm and ovum, stages of IVF, physiology of fetal development, signs of anxiety, effects of anxiety on pregnancy, strategies for more adaptation with changes in pregnancy including appropriate nutrition, individual health, physical health, mental health, identification of methods for improving compatibility with changes in pregnancy such as relaxation, and effects of relaxation. Second session: development of fetus in different months of pregnancy, nutrition during pregnancy, effect of healthy nutrition and pregnancy care on maternal and fetal health, effect of relaxation on red CONDITION: Anxiety. ; Neurotic, stress‐related and somatoform disorders F40‐F48 Neurotic, stress‐related and somatoform disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: Befor intervention and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Spielberger's scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Maternal‐infantile attachment. Timepoint: Befor and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Cranly's questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The inclusion criteria of the study were being primiparous; having used IVF to get pregnant; being 18‐40 years old; having at least middle school degree; gestational age of 32‐35 weeks; not having obstetric problems; and singleton pregnancy. On the other hand, the exclusion criteria of the study were suffering from cardiovascular diseases or serious psychological disorders and having pregnancy complications such as bleeding; diabetes; hypertension; and preterm labor
 The effect of topically-applied combined herbal cream on Striae gravidarum in nulligravida women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Herbal cream consisting of Calendula, Chamomile, Geranium, Cocoa and soybean seeds on pregnancy stretch from 14‐16 weeks of gestation in primiparous women, twice daily by 0.3 grams or a half teaspoon in all four areas From the body, including 1. Separate the umbilicus to the symphysis pubis 2. Immediately above the umbilical in the transverse direction, 3. The right side in the longitudinal direction, 4. The left side, in the longitudinal direction, and massage gently, until the end of pregnancy. This herbal cream is made by Tus Amithis Ariaia company, under the supervision of the Center for the Growth of the Buali Institute in Mashhad. Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo cream consisting of Calendula, Chamomile, Geranium, Cocoa and soybean seeds on pregnancy stretch from 14‐16 weeks of gestation in primiparous women, twice daily by 0.3 grams or a half teaspoon in all four areas From the body, including 1. Separate the umbilicus to the symphysis pubis 2. Immediately above the umbilical in the transverse direction, 3. The right side in the longitudinal direction, 4. The left side, in the longitudinal direction, and massage gently, until the end of pregnancy. This herbal cream is made by Tus Amithis Ariaia company, under the supervision of the Center for the Growth of the Buali Institute in Mashhad. CONDITION: Steriae Gravidarum. ; ster PRIMARY OUTCOME: The number, Severity and Size of Steriae Geravidarum based on Atwal Scoring. Timepoint: Evaluation of Steriae Gravidarum at 27‐30 and 38‐40 of Gestational Age. Method of measurement: The numerical scoring system of Atwal. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant nullipara women Gestational Age range 14‐16 week Age range 20‐35 year BMI range 18.5‐25 Kg/m2 No smoking Not having any chronic diseases (Cardiovascular, Hypertension, diabetes, ...)
 Healthy for Two, Healthy for You;  Half of pregnant women are overweight or obese. Obesity disproportionately impacts low‐income women and women of racial and ethnic minorities. Maternal obesity is linked with adverse perinatal outcomes, including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, as well as longer‐term health problems such as obesity in offspring and maternal cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy provides a unique opportunity to engage women in improving their health behaviors because women are motivated to protect the health of their babies and have frequent interactions with the healthcare system. Advances in behavioral weight management and obesity prevention have not yet been translated into real‐world prenatal care settings. Our team was recently supported by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK)‐funded Nutrition and Obesity Research Center Pilot and Feasibility program to adapt an evidence‐based telephonic health coaching program for pregnant women. Investigators conducted 20 in‐depth interviews with patients and providers to gain valuable feedback to inform the intervention design and delivery, and have put together a multi‐disciplinary team to adapt the intervention. Investiagtors developed the intervention specific for pregnancy and postpartum based on this feedback and are testing the intervention, Healthy for Two / Healthy for You, to assess feasibility and acceptability.
 The effect of zinc supplementation on prevention of preterm premature rupture of the membranes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: tablet placebo made by pharmacy faculty in Tabriz, Containing 40 mg Micro Crysttaline Cellulose , one oral pill daily from 16 to 20 weeks until delivery Intervention 1: Intervention group: tablet of zinc sulfate made by faculty of pharmacy in Tabriz, containing 40 mg zinc, one oral pill daily from 16 to 20 weeks until delivery. Intervention 2: Control group: tablet placebo made by pharmacy faculty in Tabriz, Containing 40 mg Micro Crysttaline Cellulose , one oral pill daily from 16 to 20 weeks until delivery. Intervention group: tablet of zinc sulfate made by faculty of pharmacy in Tabriz, containing 40 mg zinc, one oral pill daily from 16 to 20 weeks until delivery Prevention CONDITION: Premature rupture of membranes Preterm premature rupture of membranes. ; Premature rupture of membranes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Preterm premature rupture of the membranes. Timepoint: 20 to 37 weeks. Method of measurement: View sterile Speculum and Nitrazine test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Gestational age. Timepoint: Delivery time. Method of measurement: By last menstrual period date and sonography. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: the history of preterm premature rupture of the membranes at least once in previous pregnancies; singleton pregnancy; normal fetus and amniotic fluid; maternal age 18 years and above; gestational age between 16 and 20 weeks of pregnancy; healthy women without underlying medical condition (cardiac, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, diabetes, epilepsy, hypertension, etc); willingness to participate in the study. Exclusion criteria: the uncertain status of the embryo (abnormal non stress test ); any congenital anomalies of the fetus; any complications of pregnancy (history of preeclampsia and current chronic hypertension, bleeding and threatened abortion, nausea and vomiting, etc ); having an addiction to drugs and alcohol; taking multivitamin mineral supplementation during pregnancy; severe vaginal infection (with discharge, itching, swelling, erythema, and foul‐smelling discharge)
 Comparison the effects of silymarin and N-acetylcysteine on improvement of, Hepatic and renal Abnormalities in Patients with SeverePreeclampsia in post-partum;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: 70 mg silymarin is given immediately after delivery and 12 hours and 24 hours after delivery. Intervention 2: Intervention group: 600 mg of N‐acetylcysteine is given immediately after delivery, 12 hours and 24 hours after delivery. CONDITION: O14.1 Preeclampcia. ; Severe pre‐eclampsia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: q 3 hours in study. Method of measurement: mmHg. Creatinine. Timepoint: 0,12,36 and 60 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: mg per dl. Liver enzymes. Timepoint: 0,12,36 and 60 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: labratoary kit. Platlet count. Timepoint: 0,12,36 and 60 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: count in mm3. Proteinuria. Timepoint: 0,12,36 and 60 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: labratoary kit. Urea. Timepoint: 0,12,36 and 60 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: mg per dl. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of blood pressure crisis in study. Timepoint: q 3 hours. Method of measurement: bp >160/110 mmhg. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Maternal age is between 20 and 30 years. mothers BMI is between 20 and 24. Gestational age at termination of pregnancy is between 35 and 42 weeks. The patient's blood pressure should be greater than 140/90 mmHg before termination of pregnancy. Proteinuria, in urine random sample before pregnancy termination. Lack of history of hypertension, diabetes, kidney disease, collagen vascular disease and other cardiovascular diseases. The mother is nulipar and has no previous abortion or pregnancy. No history of smoking or alcohol in the mother. Pregnancy is single and not molar. Indication of termination of pregnancy in a patient with severe preeclampsia. The patient has complete consent to participate in the study and has signed the consent form. No incidence of eclampsia prior to inclusion.
 Body Composition and Cardiometabolic Risk Markers in Children of Women who Took Part in a Randomized Controlled Trial of a Preconceptional Nutritional Intervention in Mumbai, India;  BACKGROUND: Maternal nutrition influences fetal development and may permanently alter ("program") offspring body composition and metabolism, thereby influencing later risk of diabetes and cardiovascular (cardiometabolic) disease. The prevalence of cardiometabolic disease is rising rapidly in India. OBJECTIVES: To test the hypothesis that supplementing low‐income Indian women with micronutrient‐rich foods preconceptionally and during pregnancy has a beneficial impact on the children's body composition and cardiometabolic risk marker profiles. METHODS: Follow‐up of 1255 children aged 5‐10 y whose mothers took part in the Mumbai Maternal Nutrition Project [Project "SARAS"; International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN)62811278]. Mothers were randomly assigned to receive a daily micronutrient‐rich snack or a control snack of lower micronutrient content, both made from local foods, in addition to normal diet, from before pregnancy until delivery. Children's body composition was assessed using anthropometry and DXA. Their blood pressure, plasma glucose, insulin, and lipid concentrations were measured. Outcomes were compared between allocation groups with and without adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: Overall, 15% of children were stunted, 34% were wasted, and 3% were overweight. In the intention‐to‐treat analysis, there were no differences in body composition or risk markers between children in the intervention and control groups. Among children whose mothers started supplementation ≥3 mo before conception (the "per protocol" sample) the intervention increased adiposity among girls, but not boys. BMI in girls was increased relative to controls by 2% (95% CI: 1, 4; P = 0.01); fat mass index by 10% (95% CI: 3, 18; P = 0.004); and percent fat by 7% (95% CI: 1, 13; P = 0.01) unadjusted, with similar results in adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, supplementing women with micronutrient‐rich foods from before pregnancy until delivery did not alter body composition or cardiometabolic risk markers in the children. Subgroup analyses showed that, if started ≥3 mo before conception, supplementation may increase adiposity among female children.
 Pregnant Women With Physical Activity;  Physical activity, defined as any movement of the body produced by the contraction of skeletal muscles in all phases of life, maintains and improves cardiorespiratory capacity, reduces the risk of obesity and associated comorbidities. The incidence of a sedentary lifestyle during pregnancy ranges from 64.5 to 91.5% and tends to increase in the third trimester. This has a negative impact on the quality of life and contributes to the obesity epidemic in pregnant women. Physical inactivity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy increase the risk of gestational diabetes and pregnancy‐induced hypertension. In pregnancy, the circulatory system adapts to adequately supply the needs of the mother and fetus. Physical activity is considered a preventive measure for the diseases of the cardiovascular system in pregnancy. The study will analyze the effect of prenatal exercise on circulatory functional and structural parameters and gestational weight gain in pregnant women who exercised regularly, compared to pregnant women who did not exercise regularly. In the first phase of the study, an experimental and control group will be formed. The prenatal exercise program will be conducted with the experimental group for 8 weeks. The control group will not exercise, will have standard prenatal care, and attend classes of theoretical classes on childbirth. Respondents in both groups will fill out a questionnaire from which the data will be obtained: age, height, bodyweight before pregnancy. Data on the week of pregnancy will be obtained from the medical documentation. The prenatal exercise program was made according to the recommendations of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG recommendations) and the guidelines of the Croatian Association of Physiotherapists for Women's Health. The exercise program is presented with: muscle stretching exercises and muscle strength exercises, exercises to strengthen the abdominal wall muscles, exercises to strengthen the thigh muscles ‐ quadriceps femoris (lat. musculus quadriceps femoris), to strengthen gluteal muscles, exercises to increase pelvic mobility, exercise to improve circulation, as well as pelvic floor muscle training with breathing and relaxation techniques. Bodyweight will be measured at the beginning of the test, at the end of the exercise program, and at the end of the pregnancy. Blood pressure data will be obtained by measuring blood pressure with a mercury manometer with a mercury column, in both groups: at the beginning of the study and the end of the study. The shape of capillary loops and the number of capillary loops of the nail skin fold will be analyzed with nailfold capillaroscopy in both groups of subjects: at the beginning of the study and after 8 weeks. In the second phase of the work, the collected data will be processed by methods of descriptive and parametric statistics. The obtained results will be presented at the third phase of the work.
 the effect of systemic GCSF administration in infertile women with repeated IVF failure;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The Control group: The participants in the control group do not receive any additional treatment before embryo transfer. Intervention 2: The Intervention group: The participants in the intervention group receive a single dose of 300 µgr GCSF subcutaneously one hour before the embryo transfer process. The Control group: The participants in the control group do not receive any additional treatment before embryo transfer. The Intervention group: The participants in the intervention group receive a single dose of 300 µgr GCSF subcutaneously one hour before the embryo transfer process. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Female Infertility. ; inability to achieve a pregnancy inability to achieve a pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Chemical pregnancy. Timepoint: 2 weeks after IVF and embryo transfer. Method of measurement: serum ß‐HCG level. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical Pregnancy. Timepoint: 6 weeks after embryo transfer. Method of measurement: detection of gestational sac and fetal heart rate on transvaginal sonography. Implantation. Timepoint: 4 weeks after IVF and embryo transfer. Method of measurement: transvaginal sonography to detect gestational sacs. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. age < 40 years 2. having = 2 failed IVF attempts where at least 3 good embryos were transferred 3. the lack of contraindications for GCSF treatment (sickle cell disease, chronic neutropenia, known past or present malignancy, renal insufficiency, upper respiratory infection, pneumonia, and congenital fructose intolerance) 4. not having any systemic disease Exclusion Criteria: 1. having inadequate thin endometrium (< 7mm) on the day of hCG injection 2. the detection of Asherman’s syndrome, fibroids, and polyps in diagnostic hysteroscopy 3. having any medical illness upon enrollment (including hypertension, diabetes, antiphospholipid syndrome, systemic lupus erythematosus, thrombophilia, thyroid disorders) 4. refusing to give an informed consent to participate in the study.
 Effect of a special food (fried egg with grape molasses) on threatened abortion;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Cyclogest (intravaginal progesterone) 200 mg daily, bed rest at home and abstinence from sexual intercourse until vaginal bleeding is stopped; then cyclogest prescribed every other day until one week. Intervention 1: Intervention group: In addition to intravaginal Cyclogest, the food recipe of fried eggs with butter and grape molasses will be given to patients. The other conditions of intervention group, including the duration of eating this food, are similar to the control group. Intervention 2: Control group: Cyclogest (intravaginal progesterone) 200 mg daily, bed rest at home and abstinence from sexual intercourse until vaginal bleeding is stopped; then cyclogest prescribed every other day until one week. Intervention group: In addition to intravaginal Cyclogest, the food recipe of fried eggs with butter and grape molasses will be given to patients. The other conditions of intervention group, including the duration of eating this food, are similar to the control group. Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Haemorrhage specified as due to threatened abortion Threatened abortion. ; Haemorrhage specified as due to threatened abortion PRIMARY OUTCOME: Determine the miscarriage rate (loss of an intrauterine pregnancy at =20 week’s gestation) in patients with threatened abortion. Timepoint: Weekly follow‐up until vaginal bleeding has been stopped And follow‐up at 20 weeks of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Self‐designed form. SECONDARY OUTCOME: The average duration of vaginal bleeding. Timepoint: Weekly follow‐up until vaginal bleeding has been stopped And follow‐up at 20 weeks of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Self‐designed form. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women presenting with mild to moderate vaginal bleeding (using 2 Pads or less per day) ; Up to 12 weeks of pregnancy ; Normal ultrasound (including the normal gestational sac morphology at 5 weeks gestation, or the presence of a yolk sac and foetal cardiac activity at 7 weeks gestation) ; Closed cervix in vaginal examination ; Singleton pregnancy ; Having consent to participate in the study ; Tendency to consume this special food (in intervention group) ; No fried eggs with grape molasses in routine diet food. Exclusion criteria: Mother systemic illness such as fever, diabetes, chronic hypertension, thyroid disorders and etc.; History of recurrent miscarriage; Heavy vaginal bleeding (>2 pads soaked); Loss of conception tissue; Open cervix (>2 centimeters) in vaginal examination; Cervical lesions such as polyps or cervicitis; Abnormal findings on ultrasound (absence of a normal gestational sac at 5 weeks gestational age, a yolk sac or ca
 Effect of Ambroxol in Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy;  All patients presenting to the Endocrinology department, Ain Shams University Hospitals, will be assessed for eligibility as follow: Inclusion criteria: ‐ Patients aged 18‐75 years diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes. ‐ Patients diagnosed with Peripheral Diabetic Neuropathy. Exclusion criteria: ‐ Patients with autoimmune disorders (Sjogren's syndrome, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis),inherited disorders causing PN (Charcot‐Marie‐Tooth), thyroid diseases, patients undergone gastroplasty surgery and cancer patients. ‐ Pressure on or injury to the nerves ‐ Patients with severe kidney or liver dysfunction. ‐ Patients with recent history of / or ongoing infection. ‐ Patients with cerebral vascular disease, vasculitis, peripheral arterial disease or claudication symptoms, toxic neuritis, vitamin B12 or folate deficiency, spondyloarthropathy, foot edema or ulcer and diagnosis of other neuromuscular disorders or neurodegenerative diseases. ‐ Use of medications or supplements known to cause peripheral neuropathy. ‐ Patients consuming alcohol, any antioxidant supplements or anti‐inflammatory medicines and drug abuse. ‐ Ketoacidosis or hypoglycemia resulting in hospital admission within the last 3 months. ‐ Pregnancy or lactation or expecting to get pregnant during the study. ‐ Medical, psychological, behavioral or pharmacological factors interfering with ability to participate in trial, collection or interpretation of study data. ‐ Allergy to ambroxol. Eligible patients will be randomly assigned to one of 2 groups: Group 1, Ambroxol group (n=40): Patients will receive conventional therapy for diabetic neuropathy in addition to ambroxol 450 mg/day divided into 3 doses (each dose consists of two 75mg tablets) daily for 3 months. Group 2, Control group (n= 40): Patients will receive conventional therapy for diabetic neuropathy for 3 months. All subjects will sign an informed consent statement prior to inclusion in the study. Follow up evaluation : All patients in both groups will be followed up every other week & will be assessed for the following: Diabetic neuropathy scoring, occurrence of side effects & Pain assessment. End of study evaluation : After 3 months, all patients will be assessed for the same parameters assessed at baseline.
 Carbetocin Versus Oral Tranexamic Acid Plus, Buccal Misoprostol on Blood Loss After Vaginal Delivery;  All women admitted to the reception unit for vaginal delivery were invited to participate in the study. The investigators included women aged (20‐35 years) with a singleton pregnancy in a cephalic presentation between 38 and 42 weeks gestation. The participated women have entered the screening phase of the study. This phase included history taking (age, parity, and gestational age) with measurement of weight, temperature, and initial hemoglobin level. The investigators excluded women with medical disorders such as cardiac, hepatic, renal, neurologic disorders thromboembolic disease, blood disorders, diabetes, gestational hypertension, and pre‐eclampsia. Women at risk for PPH as grand multipara (parity >5), multiple pregnancies, polyhydramnios, fetal macrosomia, antepartum hemorrhage, prolonged, and obstructed labor were also excluded. Moreover, we excluded women with a scarred uterus or previous instrumental delivery and those suffering from hypersensitivity to TA. women were allocated to one of the three study groups: group I (carbetocin group) received 100 mc carbetocin IV after delivery of the baby, group II (misoprostol group) received 600 mg buccal misoprostol after delivery of the baby, and group III (TA plus misoprostol group) received 1000mg oral TA at the end of the first stage of labor plus 600 mg buccal misoprostol after delivery of the baby. A buccal route, in which the tablets are placed in the cheek for 30 min after which any remnants are swallowed.
 The Effect of Vibration Therapy and Mirror Therapy on Upper Limb Function in Patients With Stroke;  Inclusion criteria: The participants will be selected from outpatient settings, and should meet the inclusion criteria, i.e. the participants who have suffered sub‐acute stroke, have experienced first stroke within 6 months prior to the study recruitment, the spasticity of affected upper extremity score ≤ 2 on the modified Ashworth scale, as defined in a previous relevant study (Ahn, Kim & Park, 2019). Additionally, the age group will range between 30 and 65 years, as defined in a relevant previous study (Hardiyanti et al., 2014). The study should also include participants who are able to extend at least 10° at the fingers and at least 20° at the wrist, as well as intact sensation (Protective Reaction). Participants should be included if Visual Analog Scale (VAS) for pain assessment shows the score 4 or less, out of 10 (Ahn, Kim & Park, 2019). Furthermore, participants should have an acceptable level of cognitive function (MMSE scores 25 or more) (Ahn, Kim & Park, 2019), as well as acceptable and understandable level of verbal communication. Exclusion criteria: Participants will be excluded if they are active participants in another rehabilitation program or other experimental studies, or if there is evidence of having any traumatic or congenital upper limb injuries prior to the stroke. Additionally, participants who are evidenced of having a significant medical problem, such as cardiorespiratory, dysphasia, Wernicke's aphasia, and the use of muscle relaxants or suffering contraindications will be excluded. Moreover, patients who have contraindication of Vibration Therapy, such as acute thrombosis, pregnancy, implants in trained body parts, severe diabetes, activated arthrosis or arthropathy, acute hernia, acute discopathy, fresh fractures in trained body parts, kidney stones, a surgery of trained parts and epilepsy will be excluded (Albasini & Krause, 2010). Further contraindications will make participants excluded if they have serious cardiovascular disease, pacemaker, spondylolysis, severe diabetes, recent infections, severe migraine, tumors, interauterine devices, metal pins or plates, kidney stones, recent infections, organ failure and any contraindication to the use of WBV (Albasini & Krause, 2010). Furthermore, participants will be excluded if the mirror image of two intact limbs evoked persistent emotional reactions, dizziness, sweating and nausea (Rothgangel & Braun, 2013). Sampling technique as the following: This study will apply convenience sampling where participants will be recruited according to their accessibility and availability. Sample Size Calculation The sample size was calculated using statistical software (G*Power 3.1.9.7) for Fugl‐Meyer scale (FMS) obtained from a prior study (Dohle et al. (2008). The following combination was used to calculate the sample size: analysis of covariance (ANCOVA), fixed effect, main effects and interactions, ES of 0.6, and an alpha level of 0.05, power (1‐β) of 80%, numerator df = 2, with two groups and two measurements (time points) and the number of covariates = 1. The expected sample size is 30 patients. Taking into consideration the attrition rate of 20%, 36 participants will be divided into two groups of 18 in each group. Study Protocol (Therapeutic Interventions) The interventions of Vibration Therapy and Mirror Therapy will be provided by the primary investigator. The therapy sessions will be given 3 days per week. The length of therapy session in Group A (35 minutes of conventional therapy plus 30 minutes of Vibration Therapy). Yet, the length of session in Group B (35 minutes of conventional therapy plus 30 minutes of Mirror Therapy). ‐ Vibration Therapy: The device name that will be used is Galileo Dela Interface, Serial Number, 0001294, manufactured by Novotec Medical Gmbh Durlacher Str. 35. D‐75172 Pforzheim, Germany. The Vibration Therapy should be provided in short sessions; each session is a 3‐minute length and one minute break after each session (maximum 30 minutes). The maximum length of Vibration therapy session is 30 minutes, in addition to the 35 minutes of conventional therapy. The Vibration Therapy is described in each relevant appendix and it includes the following:‐ ‐ Long press‐up (Variation: 97 short press‐up) ‐ Objectives: Body stabilization, strengthening the shoulder and hips (Appendix 4) ‐ Dips Page ‐ Objectives: Body stabilization, strengthening the shoulders and the hips, (Appendix 4) ‐ Short side ‐ arm press‐up ‐ Objectives : Strengthening the whole body (Appendix 4) ‐ Forearm Press‐up Page ‐ Objectives: Mobilization of the shoulder and neck (Appendix 5) ‐ Mirror Therapy: The device name that will be used is a SMART‐MirrorTM (Sensory Motor Activity Retrainer), USA, with the visible shatter‐proof, mirror area measures of 8 * 13.4 (20*34 cm). The Mirror Therapy will last for the treatment duration of 4 weeks with 30 minutes per day, 3 times a week, in addition to the conventional therapy. The following steps will be followed when performing Mirror Therapy: ‐ Ask the participant to place the tabletop mirror over the affected arm and hand, with the less‐affected arm resting on the table next to the mirror, making sure that it is fully in view of the reflection; ensure the affected hand is out of view. ‐ Ask the participant to spend a few minutes observing the reflection and getting accustomed to the optical illusion. ‐ It can be helpful to think of the mirror as a window, instead of a reflection. This can help further "trick" the brain into thinking that participant is viewing his/her affected side. ‐ Then ask the patient to begin practicing simple hand therapy exercises with his/her non‐affected hand. This can include touching his/her thumb with the fingertips, making a fist and then opening the hand, or turning his/her palm up and down. ‐ Then ask the participants to complete these Mirror Therapy stroke exercises for at least 10 minutes, working his/her way up to half‐hour sessions. Make sure that participants keep their eyes on the reflection in the mirror the entire time. ‐ It is important to be strategic and repetitive with Mirror Therapy exercises. Practicing specific hand exercises repetitively will help activate neuroplasticity. The more the participants practice Mirror Therapy exercises, the more their brain will rewire itself, and the higher the chances of restoring hand and/or arm function. Conventional therapy The conventional Occupational Therapy for upper limb sub‐acute stroke includes variety of rehabilitation interventions provided in the Jazan Rehabilitation centers. The therapy session lasts from 35 to 45 minutes, with a patient‐specific treatment plan according to the patient's examination. Outcome measures: Primary Outcome measure: Fugl‐Meyer Assessment (FMA) was developed by Axel Fugl‐Meyer in 1975 and known as Fugl‐Meyer Assessment for the upper limb (FMA‐UE). FMA is a stroke‐specific standardized assessment instrument for assessing motor functioning, sensation and joint function in post stroke patients. This assessment was developed in English, and it is valid and reliable with an excellent total motor score (ICC=0.98) (Kim et al, 2012). • Moreover, the FMA motor assessment for the upper (maximum score 66 points) and lower (maximum score 34 points) extremities are the key measurements in every stroke recovery and rehabilitation experiment. The score of 0 is given when the task cannot be completed, the score of 1 is given when the task is partially completed, and the score of 2 is given when the task is fully completed (Fugl‐Meyer et al., 1975) (Appendix 2). Secondary Outcome measures: • Jebsen‐Taylor Hand Function Test (JTHFT) is a standardized assessment that emphasis on activities of daily living (ADLs), employs time as a parameter and is not specifically related to any given health condition. It is an objective and standardized assessment for manual dexterity needed ADL, which was developed by Jebsen et al. in 1969. The assessment can be quickly administered, as it requires only handy available materials. Patients need about 15 minutes to complete the assessment and therapists need equal time to administer it with their patients. The assessment involves 7 subsets: "writing, turning over 3 x 5‐inch cards (to simulate page turning), picking up common small objects, simulated feeding, stacking checkers, picking up large light objects, and picking up large heavy objects". All included subset tasks must be firstly fulfilled with the non‐dominant hand and then followed by the dominant hand. The timer is used to calculate the time consumed to execute tasks (Fabbri et al., 2021). This test is developed to give information about a person's hand function, including strength, coordination, and dexterity. It is valid and there was a statistically significant positive linear Pearson's correlation coefficient between the MACS and JTHFT (p < .01) (Tofani, et al., 2020). It is also reliable, its test‐retest reliability varies from 0.53, 95% CI: 0.39‐0.64; to 0.93, 95% CI: 0.91‐0.95 for the dominant hand, and the non‐dominant hand 0.66, 95%: 0.57‐0.74; to 0.92, 95% CI: 0.90‐0.94 (Hilário, Caiano, Ricci & Fonseca. 2022). • Another outcome measure, considered as the secondary outcome measure, is the Arabic version of DASH (Alotaibi, Aljadi & Alrowayeh, 2016). The Arabic version of DASH is a measure that was developed as self‐rated upper‐extremity disability and symptoms. It is like the original DASH, and has the following 30 items: 21 questions pertaining to the degree of difficulty the patient experiences when performing various functional tasks involving the arm, the shoulder, and/or the hand; 5 questions addressing the severity of each symptom of pain, activity‐related pain, tingling, stiffness and weakness; and 4 questions describing issues that affect social activities, work and sleep, as well as the psychological impact. It was optional to respond to question number 21, which deals with sexual activities because it is sensitive in the Arabic culture (Appendix 3). The Arabic version of DASH was presented with Cronbach's alpha of 0.94, and the Test‐retest reliability was excellent with an ICC of 0.97. Construct validity of the DASH‐Arabic with the SF‐36 subscales and VAS scores ranged from r ‐0.32 to ‐0.57, all statistically significant P > 0.001 (Alotaibi, Aljadi & Alrowayeh, 2016). These outcome measures will be assessed by an independent assessor, to determine the baseline pre‐intervention, and at the end of therapy sessions after 4 weeks.
 the effect of progesterone in the prevention of preterm delivery;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: vaginal progesterone. Intervention 2: intramuscular progesterone. intramuscular progesterone Treatment ‐ Drugs vaginal progesterone CONDITION: Complications of labour and delivery. ; Preterm spontaneous labour with preterm delivery Preterm spontaneous labour with preterm delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mean delivery time. Timepoint: The end of intervention. Method of measurement: delivery tima in week. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Drug side effects. Timepoint: During intervention. Method of measurement: Drug side effects records. Infant outcomes. Timepoint: End of intervention. Method of measurement: Infant outcomes records. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: History of preterm delivery; cervix length of <25 mm at gestational age of 16‐20 weeks Exclusion criteria: Multiple pregnancy; severe liver disease; hypertension; diabetes; cardiovascular disease; thromboembolic disorder; seizures; sensitivity to hormonal therapy
 Comparison of Aloe-vera gel and lavender essential oil on inflammation of episiotomy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Control group: Patients receiving routine care (receiving lubricant gel) daily for up to 10 days. Intervention 2: Intervention group 1: Routine care + aloe vera gel (2 cm from the gel inside the tube) episiotomized for 10 days. Intervention 3: Intervention group 2: Routine care + 5% lavender essential oil gel daily for 10 days. CONDITION: Episiotomy. ; Other obstetric trauma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Infection rate. Timepoint: The third, seventh and tenth day. Method of measurement: REEDA scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Inflammation rate. Timepoint: Day 3‐ 7 ‐10. Method of measurement: Iran Phlebitis Checklist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Body mass index 19.8 to 26 kg per square meter Gestational age 37‐42 weeks Baby weight between 2500 and 4000 grams Single pregnancy Primi‐para No specific disease (cardiovascular disease, liver, kidney, diabetes, immunodeficiency, depression) No smoking, alcohol and drugs No long‐term rupture of the membrain for more than 18 hours
 Effect of Application of Orem self-care model for the management of pre-eclampsia in pregnant women and their fetus' health Fatemieh hospital;  INTERVENTION: ?Control group: With out any intervention Intervention 1: Intervention:Three sessions of Orem self‐care model education in management of pre‐eclampsia, intervention concepts related to hepertention, proteinoria, various aspects of lifestyle and diet will be conducted. Intervention 2: ?Control group: With out any intervention. Intervention:Three sessions of Orem self‐care model education in management of pre‐eclampsia, intervention concepts related to hepertention, proteinoria, various aspects of lifestyle and diet will be conducted CONDITION: 010‐016 Oedema, proteinuria and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium Oedema, proteinuria and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium. ; Oedema, proteinuria and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Infant health. Timepoint: After one month intervention. Method of measurement: Questionaire. Pre‐eclampsia management. Timepoint: After one month intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of physician diagnosis of pre‐eclampsia ;A lack of underlying cardiovascular disease; Singleton fetus ; Living in Hamadan order to attend; Gestational age over 20 weeks; a primary and higher education; Lack of mental illness. Exclusion criteria:<15 age >45? Diabetes.
 Estimating the therapeutic effect of 17 alpha-hydroxy progesterone caproate in preventing preterm labor after inhibiting uterine contractions;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The treatment group received a weekly intramuscular injection of 17 alpha‐hydroxyl progesterone (500 mg). They were advised to continue it until their 36th week of pregnancy at home. Within 48 hours of hospitalization (prior to their discharge) the patient was once again examined by the researcher. This drug made by pharmaceutical company bayer of schering pharma. Intervention 2: The control group would receive no such injection. Within 48 hours of hospitalization (prior to their discharge) the patient was once again examined by the researcher. The control group would receive no such injection. Within 48 hours of hospitalization (prior to their discharge) the patient was once again examined by the researcher. The treatment group received a weekly intramuscular injection of 17 alpha‐hydroxyl progesterone (500 mg). They were advised to continue it until their 36th week of pregnancy at home. Within 48 hours of hospitalization (prior to their discharge) the patient was once again examined by the researcher. This drug made by pharmaceutical company bayer of schering pharma. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Preterm labour. ; Preterm labour without delivery Preterm labour without delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: The prevention of preterm birth after inhibition of uterine contractions. Timepoint: 48 hours after the intervention. Method of measurement: Check up and examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Between 26‐34 weeks pregnancy age; There premature uterine contractions. Exclusion criteria: the pregnancy age above 34 weeks (since in this group there would be no reason for preventing uterine contractions due to the fetal lung maturation); preterm rupture of membranes; corioamnionite, blood loss prior to the labor due to placental abruption or previa;multiple pregnancies; concomitant systemic diseases (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM); cardiovascular diseases; kidney diseases; asthma; hyperthyroid; …).
 Randomized Evaluation of Octreotide Versus Compazine for Emergency Department Treatment of Migraine Headache;  A urine pregnancy test will be performed on women of child bearing age. After informed consent is obtained, each patient will be placed in a dark private room and asked to grade nausea, pain, and sedation on a 10 cm visual analog scale, using the left end as the zero point for complaints and measurements. Patients will be instructed that a score of zero signifies no pain and a score of 10 indicates severe pain. Each patient will be monitored with continous pulse oximetry and have a 20‐gauge IV catheter placed in the antecubital fossa. Based on a computer generated random table, each subject will receive one of the following: 2 cc containing 100ug octreotide, or 10 mg compazine over a 2 minute period, followed by a 5 cc flush of saline solution. The above medication doses were chosen based on previous literature. 6‐8 Vital signs (blood pressure, heart rate, and respiratory rate) will be recorded at 0, 30, and 60 minutes. At 60 minutes after the study injection, each patient will be asked to regrade nausea, pain(VAS), and sedation on the same scale without viewing the initial scores. Clinically important successful treatment will be defined as achievement of the following criteria: patient satisfaction and either a decrease of 50% or more in the pain score (compared with the initial score) or an absolute pain score of 2.5 cm or less. Failure to achieve these criteria constitute treatment failure. The treating physician will use an acceptable rescue medicine or group of medicines at treatment failure. The 60 minute outcome was selected because of the route chosen (maximal absorption and distribution within minutes) and because previous published data suggests that most responders are identified during this interval. 9 Each patient will be contacted within 48 hours of discharge to define early relapse rate. 4.8 Inclusion criteria: Adults between the age of 18 and 65 years of age and diagnosis of migraine with or without an aura who met the criteria of the International Headache Society, and with at least one prior episode of a similar headache. 10 The International Headache Society diagnosis criteria for migraine with and without aura is outlined in the below table: 4.9 Exclusion criteria: pregnancy and lactation, pre‐medication within six hours of being enrolled in the study, more than six prior headaches per month, allergy to the study drugs, non‐migraine headache, substance abuse, alcohol abuse, diabetes mellitus, or a coexisting condition that might expose the patients to a disproportionately increased risk of a significant adverse event: ischaemic heart disease, peripheral vascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, uncontrolled hypertension (blood pressure >160/95), epilepsy, use of cimetidine, dopamine agonist, cyclopsorin, or oral hypoglycemic agents, hepatic or renal failure, and thyroid disorder. 4.10 Number of Subjects: TOTAL NUMBER OF SUBJECTS (nation‐wide/study‐wide) 56 5.0 Human Subject Protection 5.1 Recruitment: Patients presenting to the DACH ER with a complaint of headache will interviewed by the physician. If they meet the inclusion and exclusion criteria, they will be informed about the study by the treating physician, have to opportunity to ask questions, and read the consent form. 5.6 Alternatives: Other medications have been used to treat migraines to include morphine, reglan, magnesium. Alternative is also to not to participate in this study. Migraine with AuraØ At least two attacks fulfilling the below characteristicsØ Headache has at least three of the following four characteristics:1. 0ne or more fully reversible aura symptoms indicating focal cerebral cortical and/or brain stem dysfunction2. At least one aura symptom develops gradually over more than 4 minutes, or tow or more symptoms occur in succession3. No aura symptom lasts more than 60 minutes; if more than one aura symptom is present, accepted duration is proportionally increased4. Headache follows aura with a free interval of less than 60 minutes (it may also begin before or simultaneously with the aura) Migraine without AuraØ At least 5 attacks fulfilling the below characteristicsØ Headache attacks lasting 4‐72 hours (untreated or unsuccessfully treated)Ø Headache has at least two of the following four characteristics:1. Unilateral location 2. Pulsating quality 3. Moderate or severe intensity which inhibits or prohibits daily activities 4. Aggravated by walking stairs or similar routine physical activityØ During headache at least one of the two following symptoms occur:1. Nausea and/or vomiting2. Photophobia and phonophobia 5.2 Benefits: Patients participating in this study will have the potential benefit of having their headache pain resolved. They will be part of an effort to find a treatment for migraine headaches that will hopefully be effective and with a lower side effect profile. 5.3 Risks: The risks of this study include treatment failure and an allergic reaction to one of the study medicines. Each medicine cares its own specific risk to the patient due to its unique make‐up and mechanism of action. Octreotide has been shown to inhibit gallbladder contractility and decrease bile secretion in normal volunteers. In clinical trials, the incidence of biliary tract abnormalities was 63% (27% gallstones, 24% sludge without stones, 12% biliary duct dilatation). Less than 2% of patients treated with octreotide for 1 month or less developed gallstones. Octreotide alters the balance between the counter‐regulatory hormones, insulin, glucagon and growth hormone, which may result in hypoglycemia (3%) or hyperglycemia (16%). Studies have also demonstrated that octreotide suppress thyroid stimulating hormone (12%). Pancreatitis, bradycardia, poor dietary fat and B12 absorption have also been reported. Most reports are in patients with acromegaly who are prone to the before mentioned problems and the true incidence in the non‐acromegaly population is not known. Compazine has been shown to cause orthostatic hypotension and extrapyramidal symptoms. Of the extrapyramidal symptoms, akathisia (25‐60% after single dose) and dystonic reactions (4% after single dose) are the most commonly encountered. These reactions can be minimized by the rate of administration and the concurrent use of diphenhydramine. Due to the study design, diphenhydramine will not be used but a slow rate of administration with 50 ml normal saline bag that will be given over 5 minutes. This slower rate of administration will decrease risk of extrapyramidal symptoms. Irreversible tardive dyskinesia and neuroleptic malignant syndrome have been described with compazine. These complications are extremely rare and the true incidence is unknown 5.4 Safeguards for Protecting Subjects: Data collection sheets will be available to the treating physician and PI only. The PI and AIs will obtain the follow up information for all participants. Adverse reaction to any of the medications will be managed in the emergency department depending on the specific reaction. 5.5 Risk:Benefit Assessment: The medications used in this study are currently being used to treat headaches. Octreotide has been studied in this setting and side effect profile has been minimal. The risks are minimal with the current exclusion criteria. Benefit of relief of headache outweighed the risk of the side effects of any one of these medications. 6.0 Data Analysis: In this study, the independent variables are treatment (octreotide, comparzine, demerol) and time (0, 30, 60 minutes). The dependent variable is pain measured on a numerical rating scale (1 to 10). The null hypothesis is that there will be no difference in pain between treatments. The alternative hypothesis is that there will be a greater decrease in pain with octreotide. The investigator expects the pain at baseline to be 6 +/‐ 2. A 30% difference in pain between treatments will be clinically significant. This is a 0.3 * 6 / 2 = 0.9 effect size. The appropriate test is a two‐factor ANOVA (treatment, time) with repeated measures on one factor (time) followed by one‐tailed t‐tests corrected for multiple comparisons. Six post hoc comparisons on a one‐tailed test are appropriate for this design, so we made a maximum Bonferroni correction of p = 0.05 / 6 = 0.0083 0.005. I used a look‐up table based on employing the method of Kraemer and Thiemann (1988) to obtain an initial estimate of the sample size, which was confirmed with 1000 iterations of a Monte Carlo simulation until the power was between 80% and 85% with a level of confidence of 95%. According to this method, a sample size of 32 per group (96 total) is needed to detect a clinically significant difference with the desired level of confidence and power. If two treatments (octreotide, comparzine) are used, a sample size of 28 per group (56 total) is needed.
 Investigation of the effect of training the fathers regarding attachment skills on the home violence in primiparous with low or moderate anexiety;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Control group: the summary of whole teaching topics in the form of note afte the study will done. Intervention 1: Intervention group: teaching maternal fetal attachment and paternal fetal attachment techniques to expectant fathers for a month (4 sections weekly). First section: to get familiar to attachment meaning and to get familiar with different kinds of attachment techniques. Second section: general meaning of stress, symptoms, ways to control and relaxation meaning. Third section: to get familiar with mental and physical changes in pregnancy. Fourth section: to get familiar with paternal role to be connected with fetus. Intervention 2: Control group: the summary of whole teaching topics in the form of note afte the study will done. Intervention group: teaching maternal fetal attachment and paternal fetal attachment techniques to expectant fathers for a month (4 sections weekly). First section: to get familiar to attachment meaning and to get familiar with different kinds of attachment techniques. Second section: general meaning of stress, symptoms, ways to control and relaxation meaning. Third section: to get familiar with mental and physical changes in pregnancy. Fourth section: to get familiar with paternal role to be connected with fetus CONDITION: Pregnancy. ; Suprvision of normal pregnancy Suprvision of normal pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Violence. Timepoint: Before intervention, one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Violence questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The inclusion criteria of the study for the mothers were being between 18 and 35 years old; single and planned pregnancy; gestational age of 28‐34 weeks; not suffering from psychological disorders such as psychosis and schizophrenia; not suffering from chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disorders; pulmonary disorders; hypertension, and diabetes; having received the pregnancy care in the previous months, and having low or average anxiety levels according to Spielberger’s anxiety scale. In addition, the fathers’ inclusion criteria were having at least middle school degree; age lower than 45 years old; being able to take part in the training classes, and having signed written informed consents. On the other hand, the exclusion criteria of the study were unwilling to cooperate in the study and incidence of any problems during pregnancy, such as abruption, cord prolapse, abnormal presentation, and placenta previa. It should be mentioned that cesarean delivery was no
 Effect of education versus no education on sexual satisfaction in women during pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Just routine care. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Routine care plus education of sexual intercourse during pregnancy for 1.5 hours once a week for a month. Intervention 2: Control group: Just routine care. Intervention group: Routine care plus education of sexual intercourse during pregnancy for 1.5 hours once a week for a month. CONDITION: Other specified diseases and conditions complicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium pregnancy. ; Other specified diseases and conditions complicating pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sexual satisfaction. Timepoint: before intervention and one month later. Method of measurement: using standard secual satisfaction questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnancy; primigravid; singleton; literate; Iranian. Exclusion criteria: Contraindication of sexual intercourse; preeclampsia or eclampsia; prom; history of pelvic surgery; heart failure; pulmonary disease; diabetes.
 Pre-pregnancy periodontal disease therapy and inflammatory response related to pregnant outcomes;  INTERVENTION: 1:pre‐pregancy periodontal disease diagnosis and treatment ;2:pre‐pregnancy periodontal disease therapy ; CONDITION: Pre‐pregnancy periodontal Diease PRIMARY OUTCOME: PD, CAL and BOP during pregnancy;PD, CAL and BOP during pregnancy;inflammatory cytokines in blood during late pregnancy;the relationship between serum inflammatory factor;the influence of pre‐pregnancy periodontal disease; SECONDARY OUTCOME: the influence of pre‐pregnancy periodontal disease treatment on adverse pregnancy outcomes;levels of inflammatory cytokines in cord blood; INCLUSION CRITERIA: at least 20 years old; primipara; pre‐pregnancy women who plan to conceive within one year; remaining teeth >= 20; without moderate or severe dental caries; without systemic or reproductive disease; without rheumatoid arthritis; without severe cardiovascular disease; without diabetes; without hyperthyroidism and other systemic diseases; without immunodeficiency diseases; planning to deliver at the participating hospital; diagnosed as having periodontitis after oral examination; willing to be compliant to the follow up during the trial.
 A study to see how effective and safe two doses of the study drug, LND101001 are compared to a placebo when given to patients with Mild to Moderate Alzheimer’s Disease. A placebo is a dummy medication - looks like the study drug but has no active ingredient;  Inclusion criteria: 1. Male and female outpatients. 2. Patients with a diagnosis of dementia of the Alzheimer's type according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, 4th Edition, Text Revision (DSM‐IV TR™) criteria and a clinical diagnosis of probable AD according to the National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke and the Alzheimer’s Disease and Related Disorders Association (NINCDS‐ADRDA) criteria, 2011 Edition17, of AD and DSM‐IV criteria of dementia. 3. Age of 50 to 85 years. 4. Brain MRI study to support the clinical diagnosis of AD within the last 12 months prior to the screening visit or during the screening period. 5. Mild to moderate stage of AD according to a MMSE score of 12 to 22 (inclusive) at the screening visit. 6. Clinical evidence of cognitive decline in the past 6 months (based on clinical assessments and patient history data, including reports from caregivers). 7. Patients who are treatment‐naïve, have received treatment for AD in the past or currently receiving treatment for AD (in the latter case, Investigators should find it clinically justifiable to switch treatment, and patients should undergo a minimum adequate washout period of 14 days prior to randomization). 8. The patient, if a female, should: ? Have a FSH value indicating menopause with high reliability, AND ? Have had her last natural menstruation = 12 (or a different period, depending on region) months prior to the screening visit, OR ? Have been surgically sterilized prior to the screening visit, OR ? Have had a hysterectomy with oophorectomy prior to the screening visit. 9. The patient, if a male, should: ? Use two methods of contraception in combination; if his female partner is of childbearing potential; e.g., barrier methods such as condom or occlusive cap (diaphragm or cervical/vault cap) with spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/suppository. (Failure rates indicate that, when used alone, the diaphragm and condom are not highly effective forms of contraception. Therefore, the use of additional spermicides does confer additional theoretical contraceptive protection. However, spermicides alone are inefficient at preventing pregnancy when the whole ejaculate is spilled. Therefore, spermicides are not a barrier method of contraception and should not be used alone.). This combination of contraceptive methods should be used from the baseline visit to = 3 months after the last dose of study medication, OR ? Have been surgically sterilized prior to the screening visit. ? Should not perform or plan to perform sperm donation from the baseline visit to = 3 months after the last dose of study medication. 10. Have good general health, hydration and nutrition status for participating in this clinical study, as assessed by the Investigator. 11. Ability to swallow capsules. 12. Patient living at home or in long‐stay residential or care settings not requiring continuous and extensive nursing care; able to walk independently with or without a walking aid (e.g., cane or walker). 13. Patient has an identified, reliable caregiver (at least every day for a minimum of 1 to 2 hours) who is willing to provide support, ensure compliance, correct storage, preparation and administration of the study medication and ready to accompany the patient to study visits whenever required, as well as to provide information about the patient’s physical and behavioral symptoms and changes. 14. The patient and the caregiver are fluent in the language Exclusion criteria: 1. Clinical, laboratory or neuro‐imaging findings consistent with: ? Other primary degenerative dementia, (dementia with Lewy bodies, Parkinson’s disease with dementia, frontotemporal dementia, Huntington’s disease, Jakob Creutzfeldt disease, Down’s syndrome, etc.) and/or vascular dementia. ? Other central nervous system lesions (hydrocephalus, severe head trauma, tumors, subdural hematomas or other relevant space occupying processes, etc.). ? Other relevant infectious, metabolic or systemic diseases (syphilis, juvenile onset diabetes mellitus, clinically signific nt vitamin B12, folate or thyroid deficiency, clinically significant serum electrolyte disturbances, etc.) affecting central nervous system. ? Any other significant brain pathology/condition (hypoxia, brain infection, mental retardation) that can compromise the safety of the patient as determined by the Investigator. 2. Any current DSM‐IV axis I diagnosis other than dementia of the Alzheimer’s type, specifically schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorders or major depressive disorder. 3. Patients with major risk of suicidal tendencies and suicide‐related behavior, in particular, non‐fatal suicide attempt, interrupted attempt, aborted attempt, and preparatory acts or behavior. 4. The patient has experienced/experiences hallucinations, delusions or any psychotic symptomatology. 5. The patient has one or more clinical laboratory test values outside the reference range, based on the blood and urine samples taken at the screening visit, that are of potential risk to the patient’s safety or the patient has, at the screening visit: ? A serum total bilirubin value > 1.5 times the upper limit of normal (ULN). ? A serum alanine aminotransferase (ALAT) or aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT) value > 2 times the ULN. ? A serum creatinine > 2 mg/dL and creatinine clearance = 60 mL/min according to Cockcroft‐Gault formula. 6. The patient has, at the screening visit: ? An abnormal ECG that is, in the Investigator’s opinion, clinically significant. ? A PR interval > 250 ms. ? A QRS interval > 130 ms (if not caused by a bundle branch block). ? A QTcF interval > 450 ms (for males and females) (based on the Fridericia correction where QTcF = QT/RR0.33). ? A history of additional risk factors for Torsade de Points (e.g., heart failure, hypokalemia, family history of long QT syndrome). 7. Any clinically significant, advanced or unstable disease or history of that may interfere with primary or secondary variable evaluations, may bias the assessment of the clinical or mental status of the patient or put the patient at special risk. see protocol for more detail 8. In the judgment of the Investigator, the patient is not considered to be euthyroid. If the patient has a TSH level outside the laboratory established reference range, reflex test from TSH will be utilized to test for T4 to support the diagnosis whether the patient is clinically euthyroid. Patients who were previously diagnosed with hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism and are receiving treatment should have been treated with a stable dose of thyroid supplement for at least the past 3 months. 9. The patient takes or has taken disallowed recent or concomitant medication within the period specified, or it is anticipated that the patient will require treatment during the study with at least one of the disallowed concomitant medications/treatments during the study. 10. The patient has clinic Mild to Moderate Alzheimer’s Disease MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10001896 Term: Alzheimer's disease System Organ Class: 100000004852 ;Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nervous System Diseases [C10] Product Code: LND101001 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: Not Assigned Current Sponsor code: LND101001 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, soft Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Code: LND101001 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, soft INN or Proposed INN: Not assigned Current Sponsor code: LND101001 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, soft Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Main Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of two different doses of LND101001 in improving cognitive function in patients with dementia of the Alzheimer's type in comparison with placebo, using the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale ‐ Cognitive Subscale ‐ 13 (ADAS Cog‐13) total score.;Secondary Objective: To evalua e the safety and tolerability of two different doses of LND101001.;Primary end point(s): Primary Efficacy Endpoint: • Mean change from baseline in the ADAS‐Cog‐13 total score at 90 days. ;Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At day 90 Secondary end point(s): Secondary Efficacy Endpoints: • Mean change from baseline in the following: ‐ ADCS‐CGIC at 30, 60 and 90 days. ‐ ADAS‐Cog‐13 total score at 30 and 60 days. ‐ MMSE at 90 days. ‐ ADCS‐ADL at 30, 60 and 90 days. ‐ NPI at 90 days. ;Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Various timepoints during the study
 Effect of gingival therapy on prevention of high blood pressure during pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: scaling & root planing by ultrasonic device and hand instruments between 20 to 28 weeks of pregnancy in one session & education on tooth brush and dental floss scaling & root planing by ultrasonic device and hand instruments between 20 to 28 weeks of pregnancy in one session & education on tooth brush and dental floss. CONDITION: pre‐eclampcia. ; Pre‐eclampsia, unspecified Pre‐eclampsia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pre‐eclampsia. Timepoint: each month. Method of measurement: Assessment of blood pressure using sphygmomanometer (mm/hg) & urine test to detect proteinuria+1. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: women older than 18 with at least 15 teeth, history of pre‐eclampsia, between 20 to 28 week of pregnancy, presence of generalized moderate to severe chronic periodontitis Exclusion criteria: systemic &/or organic problem such as diabetes, high blood pressure, cardiovascular problem, positive HIV, renal diseases, uterus defect, consumption of prophylactic antibiotics, drugs with gingival effect such as phenytoin, cyclosporine, or NSAIDs, smokers, alcoholic people, multigestation pregnancy, periodontal therapy during 6 months prior to the study
 The effect of a Mediterranean diet with adequate dairy foods on cardio-metabolic and cognitive health outcomes;  Inclusion criteria: Free‐living non‐smoking men and women aged between 45 to 75 years with elevated systolic BP between 120mmHg and 140mmHg (high‐normal range) and not on antihypertensive medication with at least 2 risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD): overweight/obese with body mass index 25kg/m2 or above waist circumference men >94cm, women >80cm dyslipidemia one of the following (fasted) : total cholesterol 5.5mM or above, triglycerides 2.0mM or above, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) 3.5 or above, high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) men 0.9 and women 1.0 or below, impaired glucose tolerance (fasting glucose <7.0mmol/L) family history of CVD (myocardial infarction or sudden death before 55yrs for men or 65yrs for female 1st degree relatives) Family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) Exclusion criteria: Person considered by the investigator to be unwilling, unlikely or unable to comprehend or comply with the study protocol Previous/current traumatic head/brain injury, neurological or psychiatric conditions Previous stroke Use of anti‐depressant, anxiety or neurological or psychiatric medication Current or recent (in the last 6 months) malignancy Major liver, kidney, respiratory, gastrointestinal disease Current CVD or angina Actively trying to lose weight Pregnancy/lactating Smoker Diagnosed T2DM Allergy/sensitivity to nuts, seafood, dairy foods etc. Illegal drug use or alcoholism Weight >135kg (DEXA limitations) Diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease or dementia Cardiovascular health;Cardiometabolic health;Wellbeing and cognitive performance This is a randomised cross‐over dietary intervention trial with two 8‐week dietary phases (Mediterranean diet and low fat diet) separated by an 8 week washout period. Total duration of the trial is 24 weeks. At baseline, volunteers will meet with the dietitian, for approximately 30 minutes, and receive instructions regarding their dietary prescription for the next 8 weeks. Volunteers will be prescribed their allocated diet, receive a recipe book (The Mediterranean Diet, Catherine Itsiopoulos, Pan Macmillan Australia Pty Ltd) and a sample menu (if MedDairy group) to help guide food choices. Volunteers will be given advice on eating out strategies to assist with compliance to their allocated diet. They will be issued a diet checklist to ensure they are complying with the diet. During the MedDairy phase, volunteers will receive foods characteristic of the MedDiet (olive oil, canned fish, nuts etc.) to assist with compliance. All volunteers will be asked to maintain their usual exercise pattern. Volunteers will be asked to return fortnightly to see the dietitian (for 15‐30 minutes), have their weight measured return checklists, collect study foods and discuss any problems that may have arisen during the intervention. During the washout periods between diet phases, volunteers will be asked to return to following their habitual diet. Mediterranean DAIRY diet (MedDairy) The MedDiet is characterised by a variety of foods including wholegrain cereals, nuts, legumes, olive oil, red wine, small amounts of red meat, low intakes of dairy (mainly yoghurt and cheese), fish, red wine, fruits and vegetables. For this study the MedDairy diet will be based on the PREDIMED‐EVOO diet however volunteers will consume 3‐4 serves of low‐fat and regular dairy products including cheese, milk and yoghurt. To ensure we meet the Australian recommendations for dairy foods, we are recommending 3‐4 serves of dairy foods per day. Guidelines for following the MedDairy diet are adapted from Estruch R et al 2013 NEJM, include: Abundant use of extra virgin olive oil for cooking and dressing vegetables and salad 3‐4 daily servings of reduced fat milk (1 cup), yoghurt (200g) and tzatziki dip (200g), regular fat cheese (40g hard/semi‐soft cheese, 120 g soft cheese) 2‐3 or more daily servings of fresh fruits including 100% natural juices 3 or more weekly servings of legumes (75g per serve) 3 or more weekly servings of fish and seafood (at least one serv ng of oily fish) (100g per serve) 3 or more weekly serving of nuts (7.5g hazelnuts, 15g walnuts, 7.5g almonds) or seeds (30g per serve) Ad‐libitum consumption of wholegrain cereal products (bread, pasta, rice, cereal), nuts, fish, eggs and raw and cooked vegetables. Select white meats (poultry without skin) instead of red meats or processed meats (burgers, sausages, deli meats) Limit consumption of cured ham, red meat (remove all visible fat) to 1 or less serve/week Remove chicken skin Cook regularly (at least twice a week) with tomato, garlic and onion Dress vegetables, pasta, rice and other dishes with tomato, garlic and onion Eliminate or limit the consumption of cream, butter, margarine and discretionary foods Low‐fat diet (LFD) The LFD will be based on the PREDIMED control diet (Estruch R et al 2013 NEJM) following American Heart Association in combination with local recommendations for the Heart Foundation of Australia. Volunteers will maintain the basis of their habitual diet however will be asked to modify their intake to choose low fat foods. Specifically : cook with little fat, remove / skim fats from foods, choose and purchase low fat foods Blood pressure will be determined by automatic oscillatory using a Digital Blood Pressure Monitor (UA‐767PC). Blood pressure will be measured at each clinic visit by staff. On each occasion 4 readings will be taken, spaced 3 minutes apart. The first reading will be discarded and the mean of the 3 readings will be recorded. Volunteers will also monitor blood pressure twice daily at home for 6 days. Blood pressure will be measured every day for 1 week, immediately after waking, and before going to bed. On each occasion 4 readings will be taken, spaced 3 minutes apart. The first reading is discarded and the mean of the next 3 readings is taken. Clinic measured blood pressure, measured by automatic oscillometry while seated;The CAIDE Dementia Risk Score was developed to identify individuals at increased risk for developing dementia (20 years later) based on midlife presence of metabolic and vascular risk factors that would potentially benefit from preventative interventions to reduce their risk (Sindi 2015). The validated risk score is based on multifactorial risk estimation using age, education level, obesity, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and physical inactivity. Normal risk of dementia is considered a score of 8‐9, above normal risk for developing dementia is 10‐15 and below normal risk is 0‐7. The CAIDE will be assessed in volunteers aged between 45‐65 years (validated in this age range). ;Framingham Risk Score is a gender specific calculator used to estimate an individual’s 10 year risk of developing CVD. The score is based on age/age range, gender, total cholesterol, dyslipidemia, blood pressure hypertension treatment and smoking and diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance. The FRS provides an indication of the possible benefits of prevention which is important for healthcare professionals in tailoring medical and dietetic advice. Individuals with low risk of having CVD in 10 years is 10% or less; intermediate risk is 10‐20%, and high risk is 20% or more;Heart rate, measured by automatic oscillometry while seated;Cognitive performance will be assessed using the CANTAB 'registered trademark' computerised test battery: visual and verbal memory ;Cognitive performance will be assessed using the CANTAB 'registered trademark' computerised test battery: speed of processing (reaction and attention) ;Cognitive performance will be assessed using the CANTAB 'registered trademark' computerised test battery: executive function;Cognitive performance will be assessed using the CANTAB 'registered trademark' computerised test battery: social cognition;Cognitive performance will be assessed using the CANTAB 'registered trademark' computerised test battery: decision making;Lean body mass (DEXA);Abdominal body fat (DEXA);Fat mass (DEXA);Plasma total cholesterol;Plasma low density lipoprotein cholesterol;Plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol;Plasma triglcyerides;Well‐being will be fo ussed on health related quality of life based on outcomes reported by PREDIMED investigators (Henriquez Sanchez et al. 2012; Ruano et al. 2013) ‐ Physical health‐related quality of life will be assessed using the Short Form Health Survey (SF‐36V2). ;Well‐being will be focussed on health related quality of life based on outcomes reported by PREDIMED investigators (Henriquez Sanchez et al. 2012; Ruano et al. 2013)‐ mental related quality of life will be assessed using the Short Form Health Survey (SF‐36V2). ;Well‐being will be focussed on health related quality of life based on outcomes reported by PREDIMED investigators (Henriquez Sanchez et al. 2012; Ruano et al. 2013)‐ social health‐related quality of life will be assessed using the Short Form Health Survey (SF‐36V2). ;Mood state will be assessed using the Profile of Mood State Questionnaire (POMS);% body fat, assessed by dual Energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA);The fecal microbiome will be collected using the Omnigene GUT collection system. Volunteers will defecate in a plastic take‐away container and then using the kit will sample a small amount of the stool, place it in the tube provided, screw the cap onto the tube and store in the collection envelope until delivered to the clinical trials facility. This is an easy non‐invasive process.;Mood will be assessed using the Profile of Mood State (POMS) questionnaire (McNair 1971) which contains 65 words/statements that describe feelings people have in the past week including current day. . ;Addenbrooke’s Cognitive Examination Revised (ACE‐R): The ACE‐R is a brief cognitive test battery that has been validated for use to detect early cognitive dysfunction through scoring five difference cognitive domains (memory, attention/orientation, fluency, language and visuospatial). The maximum score is 100 (higher score reflects better cognitive performance) (Mioshi et al. 2006). This will be used at screening to rule out dementia and Alzheimer’s disease and as an outcome measure as it is sensitive in detecting very mild‐cognitive impairment. ;Waist and hip circumference (in centimeters) will be measured according to the ISAK International Standards for Anthropometric Assessment. Waist/hip ratio will be calculated by dividing waist/hip circumference.;Insulin resistance calculated from serum insulin and glucose. Insulin resistance will be calculated using The Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA2) Calculator ;Plasma C‐reactive protein (inflammatory marker);Mediterranean dietary adherence using 14‐point MedDiet tool and weighed food records ;ApoE4 A blood sample for Apolipoprotein E‐4 allele (APOE4, indicator of increased risk for Alzheimer’s Disease) will be taken and analysed using the TaqMan "registered trademark' SNP Genotyping Assay kit (Applied Biosystems, Warrington, UK) (Koch et al. 2002). ;Body mass index, calculated as weight divided by height in metres squared. Weight will be measured using the same set of digital scales, while volunteers are wearing light clothing and no shoes. Height will be measured at time point zero only using a wall‐mounted stadiometer (SECA, Hamburg, Germany) with volunteers in stockinged or bare feet.
 Acute Exposure to Diesel: prolong Effects on Inflammation and Vasculature;  Introduction Diesel and its products represent one of the most common pollutants affecting people living in urban and rural areas of the world. The majority of patients attending emergency departments are likely to have been subjected to chronic exposure to diesel engine exhaust fumes particularly those living in proximity to busy city roads and highways. Diesel exhaust fumes are considered to contribute to over 50% of atmospheric particles with a mass of less than 10 μM (PM10) average aerodynamic diameter, which is responsible for air pollution. For fine particle matter lower than 2.5 μM (PM2.5) and extremely small particles below 0.1 μM in diameter, the contribution to air pollution is much greater. These particles are small enough to be inhaled and deposited in the lungs where they can exert deleterious effects. In Europe and Japan, epidemiological studies have demonstrated high rates of cardiovascular morbidity, as well as acute and chronic respiratory disease, following occupational exposure to diesel exhaust fumes. Experimental animal studies have also shown that exposure to diluted diesel engine emission impairs left ventricle systolic performance, sympathetic drive, fibrosis/fibrinolysis and accelerates atherosclerosis. Epidemiological studies and experimental animal models are, however, rather imprecise regarding the mechanisms responsible for these effects and the clinical impact of chronic diesel exhaust fumes exposure. Moreover, although a relationship has been documented between acute coronary syndromes (ACS) and acute exposure to diesel engine exhaust fumes, it is not known whether relatively short‐term exposure can cause prolonged inflammatory responses and/or affect endothelial function and vessel wall properties in such a way as to potentially promote the development of atherosclerotic changes. The purpose of this study is to assess the impact of short‐term exposure to Diesel exhaust fumes on arterial elasticity, vascular function and inflammatory biomarkers. Methods Study population Volunteers will be included in this randomized, double blind, crossover study All volunteers who qualified for study entry will be free of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, pulmonary disease and acute inflammatory or chronic diseases. Subjects who will be found to have an abnormal baseline 12‐lead electrocardiogram and/or impaired respiratory function tests will be excluded from the study. Individuals taking cardiovascular medications, antioxidant or vitamin supplementation, oral contraceptives or anti‐inflammatory agents during the two months prior to inclusion in the study will be excluded. Women receiving hormone replacement therapy and premenopausal women with irregular menstrual cycles will also excluded from the study. All women selected for the study will underwent pregnancy tests before each study session. Study Design This is randomized double‐blind, cross‐over study. All subjects will be exposed to air or pollutants in two sessions which will took place 4 weeks apart between 8.00 and 10.00 a.m. in an ad hoc laboratory. In each session, the subjects will underwent a 2‐hour exposure period to controlled amounts of diesel exhaust fumes or filtered air. In each session, measurements of markers of vascular function (flow mediated dilation, pulse wave velocity and augmentation index), sympathetic activity and blood tests depicting the inflammatory and fibrinolytic profile will took place. These measurements will be performed at baseline (before exposure‐T0), at the end of the 2‐hour session (T2) and 24 hours after the end of exposure (T24) (Figure 1). Measurements in each women participating in the study will be performed at the same phase of the menstrual cycle (late luteal phase). The participants will refrained from drinking alcohol or caffeinated fluids and using medications containing caffeine, or smoking. All volunteers will be assessed after having been in the fasting state for at least 8 h. Participants will instructed to avoid changes in diet and physical activity habits during the study period. Diesel exhaust and filtered air exposure Volunteer exposure to diesel exhaust fumes will carried out on a specially designed 30m2 room which was hermetically sealed. The diesel exhaust fumes will be produced by a diesel engine (2500 cc and 100‐150HP) and dispensed through a pipe system into the exposure room. Prior to study entry, indoor levels of carbon monoxide (CO) along with concentrations of fine airborne particulate matters (PM2.5) will be measured, controlled and kept within the desired limits using portable environmental instrumentation. In order to secure adequate levels of exposure to PM2.5 and CO, all measurements will be controlled and compared to the respective standards of the European Commission. Specifically, 25 µg/m3 (mean annual limit) for PM2.5 particles and 10 µg/m3 (maximum daily 8 hour mean) for CO. Vascular measurements Endothelial function evaluation Using a linear array ultrasound (U/S) transducer endothelial function will be evaluated by estimating flow mediated dilation (FMD) in the brachial artery, as per standardized protocols. Central arterial stiffness measurements Carotid‐femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV), an index of aortic stiffness, will be calculated from measurements of pulse transit time and the distance between 2 recording sites (PWV = distance, in meters, divided by transit time, in seconds) using a well‐validated non‐invasive device (SphygmoCor; AtCor Medical, Sydney, Australia) as previously described. Measurement of wave reflections The AIx of the central (aortic) pressure waveform will be calculated as a composite index of wave reflections and arterial stiffness using a validated, commercially available system (SphygmoCor; AtCor Medical, Sydney, Australia) which employs the principle of applanation tonometry. Waveforms of radial pressure will be calibrated according to sphygmomanometric systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure measured in the brachial artery. Because the AIx is influenced by changes in HR, it was corrected as appropriate (corrected for a steady HR of 75 bpm; AI75). Sympathetic activity assessment Heart rate variability (HRV) expresses the impact of the autonomic nervous system on heart activity. Low HRV may be attributed to increased sympathetic tone and has been found to be associated with increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Sympathetic activity will be evaluated by calculating HRV with continuous electrocardiographic study (ECG) which was recorded for 20 minutes by a Holter device. ECG data will then transferred onto a computer for assessment of HRV, which was performed in accordance with current international guidelines, and standard deviation of normal to normal intervals (SDNN) will be measured. (Holter software, Synescope, version 3.1, ELA Medical, France). Fibrinolysis and inflammation markers A fasting venous blood sample will collected by venipuncture at baseline (before exposure‐T0), at the end of the 2 hours session (T2) and 24 hours after the end of exposure (T24). Venous blood samples will be centrifuged at 3000 rpm and serum was collected and stored at ‐80 C until assayed. The prothrombotic status was assessed by measuring levels of fibrinogen using the Multifibren® U system. Fibrinolytic activity will be assessed with measurements of protein C plasma levels and protein S activity, which were measured by the STA® ‐ Staclot® Protein C kit and HemosIL™ Protein S Activity kits, respectively. Furthermore, changes from baseline in the inflammatory profile induced by diesel exhaust fumes will be studied by measuring serum C‐reactive protein (CRP) using the Architect Abbott device.
 Evaluating efficacy and safety of subcutaneous CT-P13 (CT-P13 SC) as maintenance therapy in patients with Crohn's disease;  INTERVENTION: Product Code: CT‐P13 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection in pre‐filled syringe INN or Proposed INN: INFLIXIMAB CAS Number: 170277‐31‐3 Current Sponsor code: CT‐P13 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 120‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection Route of administration of the placebo: Subcutaneous use Trade Name: Inflectra Product Code: CT‐P13 Pharmaceutical Form: Powder for concentrate for solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: INFLIXIMAB CAS Number: 170277‐31‐3 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ CONDITION: Moderately to Severely Active Crohnâ€™s Disease ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: PT Classification code 10011401 Term: Crohn's disease System Organ Class: 10017947 ‐ Gastrointestinal disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Digestive System Diseases [C06] PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Primary end point(s): â€¢ Clinical remission at Week 54, defined as an absolute CDAI score of <150 points; â€¢ Endoscopic response at Week 54, defined as a 50% decrease in SES‐CD score from the baseline value; Main Objective: To demonstrate superiority of CT‐P13 SC over Placebo SC based on clinical remission and endoscopic response at Week 54. Secondary Objective: To evaluate additional efficacy, PK, pharmacodynamics (PD) and overall safety including immunogenicity Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary endopoint evaluation will be conducted at Week 54. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; Secondary end point(s): Key Secondary endpoints ; â€¢ CDAI‐100 response at Week 54, defined as a decrease in CDAI score of 100 points or more from the baseline value ; â€¢ Clinical remission at Week 54, defined as an average worst daily abdominal pain score of = 1 (using 4‐point scale), and an average loose/watery stool frequency score of = 3 (of Type 6 or Type 7 on BSFS) with no worsening in either score compared to the baseline value ; â€¢ Corticosteroid‐free remission at Week 54, defined as being in clinical remission (by an absolute CDAI score of <150) in addition to not receiving oral corticosteroid for at least 8 weeks prior to Week 54, among the patients who used oral corticosteroids at baseline ; â€¢ Endoscopic remission at Week 54, defined as an absolute SES‐CD score of = 4 and at least 2‐point reduction from the baseline value with no sub‐score of >1 ; Other Secondary endpoints: ; â€¢ Clinical remission, defined as an absolute CDAI score of <150 points ; â€¢ Maintenance of clinical remission at Week 54, defined as being in clinical remission by CDAI score of <150 points, among the patients in clinical remission at Week 10 ; â€¢ CDAI‐70 response, defined as a decrease in CDAI score of 70 points or more from the baseline value ; â€¢ CDAI‐100 response, defined as a decrease in CDAI score of 100 points or more from the baseline value ; â€¢ Maintenance of clinical response at Week 54, defined as being in CDAI‐100 response at Week 54, among the patients in CDAI‐100 response at Week 10 ; â€¢ Endoscopic remission, defined as an absolute SES‐CD score of =4 and at least 2‐point reduction from the baseline value with no sub‐score of >1 ; â€¢ Sustained clinical remission at both Week 22 and Week 54, defined as an average worst daily abdominal pain score of =1 (using 4‐point scale), and an average loose/watery stool frequency score of =3 (of Type 6 or Type 7 on BSFS) at both Week 22 and Week 54 with no worsening in either score compared to the baseline value ; â€¢ Sustained clinical response at both Week 22 and Week 54, defined as a reduction from the baseline value in average worst daily abdominal pain score (using 4‐point scale), and/or in average daily loose/watery stool frequency (of Type 6 or Type 7 on BSFS) at both Week 22 and Week 54 ; â€¢ Endoscopic response, defined as a 50% decrease in SES‐CD score from the baseline value ; â€¢ Patient global scale, defined as a question that asks a patientâ€™s position on achieving remission from his or her CD symptoms (Yes or No) ; â€¢ Short Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (SIBDQ) ; Pharmacokinetic Assessments: ; For all patients, Ctrough will be assessed up to Week 52 and Cmax will be assessed at Week 6. Blood samples for PK analysis will be collected at pre‐dose of Weeks 0, 2, 6, 10, 14, 22, 30, 38, 46, 54, and within 15 minutes after the end of the study drug infusion of Week 6. ; For patients who agreed to collect further blood samples, additional blood samples for further Population PK analysis will be collected at following time points: ; â€¢ Any time between 48 hours and 72 hours after study drug administration of Week 22 ; â€¢ Any time between 120 hours and 168 hours after study drug administration of Week 22 ; â€¢ Pre‐dose of Week 24 ; Pharmacodynamic Assessments: ; â€¢ Fecal calprotectin ; â€¢ C‐reactive protein (CRP) ; Safety Assessments: ; Safety assessments will be performed on immunogenicity, hypersensitivity monitoring, vital sign measurements, weight, 12‐lead ECGs, monitoring of TB signs and symptoms, monitoring of cardiovascular disease related signs and symptoms, chest X ray, IGRA, hepatitis B and C and HIV‐1 and ‐2 status, NYHA functional classification assessment, diabetes mellitus, stool microbiology, physical examination findings, AEs, AEs of special interest (infusion‐related reaction/systemic injection reaction, infection, delayed hypersensitivity, localized injection site reaction, malignancy), monitoring of drug‐induced liver injury, pregnancy testing, clinical laboratory analyses, local site pain using 100 mm Visual Analogue Scale, and prior and concomitant medications. ; In case of delayed hypersensitivity including serum sickness‐like reactions, the following assessments will be additionally performed to determine serum sickness during the study period: ; â€¢ Immunogenicity ; â€¢ Clinical laboratory analyses ; â€¢ Complement (C3, C4) and total hemolytic complement ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Key secondary endopoints evaluations will be conducted at Week 54 and other secondary endopoints evaluations will be conducted at time points described in protocol. PK, PD and safety assessments will be perfored at the time points specificed in the schedule of events (Table 10‐1 and 10‐2). INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patient is male or female aged 18 to 75 years, inclusive. 2. Patient who has moderately to severely active CD with a score on the CDAI of 220 to 450 points at Screening. 3. Patient with average (of 7 days) daily stool frequency =4 points (of Type 6 or Type 7 on the BSFS and/or an average (of 7 days) worst daily abdominal pain of =2 points (using 4 point scale) at Screening. 4. Patient who has a SES CD of =6 points for ileal‐colonic CD or =4 points including ulcer score from at least 1 segment for ileal CD or colonic CD at Screening. 5. Patient who has CD, confirmed at any time in the past by radiography, histology, or endoscopy, of at least 3 monthsâ€™ disease duration prior to the first administration of the study drug (Day 0). 6. Patient who has been treated for active CD but has not responded despite a full and adequate course of therapy wi
 The Importance of Prostaglandin and Nitric Oxide Synthesis in Apical Periodontitis;  ‐ Study Design This observational, analytical, cross‐sectional study was conducted at a single center. In order to reach the planned sample size, approximately 1200 patients who applied to the Department of Endodontics of xxxx university between June 2021 and May 2022 due to apical periodontitis (AP) and/or chronic periodontitis (CP) were recorded including their intraoral examination and demographic characteristics. As a result of the examination, 85 patients with only AP (AP group) and 50 patients with only CP (CP group), whose diagnosis was confirmed, were included in the study. Patients having both AP and P were excluded from the study. Patients who had taken antibiotics and/or anti‐inflammatory drugs within the last 6 months and those with pregnancy or lactation were also excluded. In addition, those with a history of using steroid or nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs and high‐dose biotin vitamin in the last 48 hours were excluded from the study, as this may affect the results. A healthy control group of 50 volunteers without periodontal pathology as well as any acute/chronic disease (muscle/joint/bone diseases, inflammatory bowel disease, local or generalized infection, severe organ disease, cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus) were included in the study. Those included in the research groups; randomly selected from people with similar gender, age and weight characteristics. ‐ Demographic‐Clinical History Gender, age, body mass index (BMI), comorbidity status of all patients participating in the study were recorded. The patients' root canal treatment (RCT), dental crown, composite/amalgam fillings (CF), number of missing teeth (NMT) findings were obtained as a result of intraoral examination. ‐ Periapical and Periodontal Disease Scoring All teeth present in the oral cavity were radiographed and the presence of radiolucent images associated with the periapical region and radiographic bone loss was assessed. Panoramic radiographs, in the study, were obtained using a digital panoramic unit (VistaPano S, Durr Dental AG, Germany), operating at 73kVp and 10 mA with 13500 milliseconds exposure time in standard mode. For periapical radiographs Carestream RVG 5200 (RVG; Carestream Health Inc, Atlanta, CA, USA) system was used with an x‐ray unit, setting of 70 kV, 8 mA. The bisecting angle technique was applied in obtaining the periapical images. Then, the radiographs were analyzed with Kodak Dental Imaging Software. From radiographic evaluation of the teeth, the presence of periapical radiolucency without periodontal disease was considered sufficient for AP diagnosis. Abscess scoring (AS‐PAI) based on the periapical index was performed as an indicator of disease progression within the AP group. For this scoring, the periapical index (PAI) scoring system,10 which is a scoring system for the radiographic evaluation of apical periodontitis, was used. Accordingly, the AP group was divided into 3 subgroups. AS‐PAI 1 (mild): those having at least 1 tooth with either PAI 3 or PAI 4, AS‐PAI 2 (moderate): those having only 1 tooth with a PAI 5, AS‐PAI 3 (severe): those having two or more teeth with a PAI 5. Periodontal measurements, obtained for the study, consisted of the highest probing depths (in milimetres) recorded around six selected teeth per participant. In this study, the CP group was divided into 4 subgroups according to the periodontitis staging system (PSS) (Tonetti). This system classifies the periodontitis from I to IV according to the interdental clinical attachment loss (CAL), radiographic bone loss (RBL) and tooth loss. This scoring is as follows: Stage 1: CAL 1 to 2 mm, RBL is at coronal third (<15%) and no tooth loss, Stage 2: CAL 3 to 4 mm, RBL is at coronal third (15% to 33%) and no tooth loss, Stage 3: CAL > 5 mm, RBL is extending to mid‐third of root and beyond and tooth loss < 4 teeth, and Stage 4: CAL > 5 mm, RBL is extending to mid‐third of root and beyond and tooth loss > 5 teeth. However, Stage 1 and 2 were evaluated in the same group due to the low number of cases. As a result, the groups were designed as Stage 1‐2: PSS 1‐2, Stage 2: PSS 2 and Stage 3: PSS 3. • Collection of Venous Blood and Gingival Crevicular Fluid (GCF) Fasting (8‐10 hours) venous blood of all participants was taken from forearm antecubital/basic veins. After keeping the blood at room temperature for 30 minutes, it was centrifuged at 2500 xg for 10 minutes. After centrifugation, the upper serum of the tubes was separated. Hemolysis indices (HI) of the sera were measured to prevent optical interference. (Cobas 8000 Chemistry Analyzer, USA). Those with a hemolysis index greater than 50 (mg/dl Hb) were excluded from the study. Appropriate sera were stored at ‐80oC until the day of analysis. In addition to venous blood, gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) samples were also collected and were stored at ‐80oC under similar conditions. On the day of analysis, all serums and GCF were first allowed to dissolve slowly at +4 oC and then brought to room temperature before measurement. Gingival crevicular fluid samples were taken prior to periodontal probing to avoid contamination by blood. To avoid contamination of the sample, patients were asked not to eat or drink anything for at least 30 minutes before the procedure. Three samples were taken from the mesial, distal and buccal surfaces of related tooth. The selected sites were isolated with cotton roll and supragingival plaque, if present, was removed using a curette to prevent saliva and/or plaque contamination. GCF was collected for 60 seconds using PerioPaper strips (OraFlow Inc., NY, USA) placed gently until slight resistance was felt. The three samples were pooled into Eppendorf tubes and then placed in the laboratory freezer at ‐80 °C for storage. Periopapers were thoroughly washed in 0.5 ml eppendorf Tubes (after subtracting the tare weight of the tube) with 100 µl of phosphate‐buffered saline (PBS) using an automatic pipette. Blood‐stained paper strips were removed from the samples. All GCF samples were weighed on a precision balance (Shimadzu Libror, Model AEG‐220, Germany) and recorded. All samples were thoroughly mixed with a 15‐20 sec vortex device (Heidolph Reax Top Vortex, Schwabach, Germany). This allowed GCF to pass into PBS. The paper strips were removed without contaminating the samples and the remaining extract was stored in the freezer until the working day. The results obtained on the study day were proportioned by weights/PBS. • Biochemical Analyzes TNF‐α, IL‐10, NO and PGE2 levels in the sera of all patients were measured in Microplate ELISA Reader (BioTek Epoch 2 Microplate ELISA Reader, USA) using the ELISA method. Due to the insufficient amount of sample (100 µl), only NO and PGE2 levels were measured in the GCF using the same ELISA kit. Serum TNF‐α, IL‐10, NO and PGE2 levels were analyzed using ELISA plates whose wells were pre‐coated with antibody (human TNF‐α, IL‐10, NO or PGE2). The sensitivity of TNF‐α, IL‐10, NO and PGE2 test kits (Bioassay Technology Laboratory, China) is 1.52 ng/L, 2.59 pg/mL, 1.12 µmol/L and 1.28 ng/L, measuring range 3‐900 ng/L, respectively, 5‐1500 pg/mL, 2‐600 µmol/L and 2‐600 ng/L, CV for all tests for intraassay and interassay were < 10%.
 Comparison of the Effect of Gingival Massage of Aloe-vera Gel and Sidr Honey on Chronic Periodontitis;  Study Design The study is a Randomized controlled clinical trial. 3.2 Study Setting The study was carried out in the department of Periodontology at Dr.Ishrat‐ul‐Ebad Khan Institute of Oral Health Sciences. 3.3 Study Duration The duration of the study was 6‐8 months after the synopsis approval. 3.4 Study Population The study was conducted on patients with Chronic Periodontitis. 3.4.1 Inclusion Criteria 1. Male/ female, 35‐65 years of age with minimal 5 natural teeth in each quadrant excluding 3rd molars. 2. Patients having Chronic Periodontitis with probing depth 4 to 6mm and bleeding on probing in 20 sites. 3. Systematically healthy individuals with Chronic Periodontitis. 3.4.2 Exclusion Criteria 1. Individuals who smoke. 2. Any addiction of Areca nuts, gutka, paan or alcohol. 3. Individuals with any systemic diseases like diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular, endocrine as they may affect the outcome of research. 4. Women with pregnancy/lactation. 5. Individuals with any known allergy from aloe‐vera or honey. 6. Systemic or topical use of antibiotic in past 6 months. 3.5 Sample Size Total of 105 patients were calculated (35 in each group) by using PASS V‐11, Pair sample T‐test with 95% Confidence Interval and 80% Power of test. Difference of plaque index at base line versus after 1 month mean (20.02) and standard deviation (68.16). Calculated sample size is 93, which is increased to 105.(26) 3.6 Sampling Technique The sampling technique was Non Probability consecutive sampling. 3.7 Data Collection Procedure Patients attending the Department of Periodontology were approached and examined for chronic periodontitis. Patients with chronic periodontitis were explained the research study procedure. Patient signing the consent form was enrolled in the study. All the enrolled participants went through a detailed history which includes medical health, systemic illness, regular medications, hospitalizations, any known allergies, dental checkups, any bad oral habit and routine oral hygiene practice. Any entrant having any allergy from honey or aloe‐vera gel or anyone falling in our exclusion criteria were not selected in our research. All those who fulfilled our criteria were clinically examined and all the clinical parameters were recorded by the principal investigator at the baseline, i‐e, pocket depth, gingival index, plaque index and bleeding on probing. Probing depth was recorded by Goldman‐Fox probe with William's markings and flattened surface. Probing depth measurement was done by inserting probe on six sites on each tooth (mesial, distal, mid lingual, mid buccal, buccal and lingual), all the markings were measured from the marginal gingiva to the base of the periodontal pocket and were recorded in millimeters, if the tooth has recession and clinical attachment loss in any site of tooth it was not measured and was not included in our study. Bleeding on probing was checked on the buccal and lingual sulcus of tooth after inserting the probe and wait for 30 seconds, if bleeding occurs bleeding on probing was considered as 1 and labeled as positive bleeding on probing and if there is no bleeding it was considered as 0 and labeled as no bleeding on probing, Percentage of BOP was recorded by dividing positive bleeding sites by total number of sites present in each patient multiplied by 100. Gingival index (Loe and Silness, 1963) were recorded as score 0: Normal gingiva, 1: Mild inflammation on gingiva, 2: Moderate inflammation on gingiva and 3: Severe inflammation on gingiva. Plaque index (Loe and Silness, 1964) was recorded as score 0: No plaque, 1: plaque film on free gingival margin, 2: Moderate plaque on gingival margin; can be seen by the naked eye, 3: Abundance of soft matter in gingival pocket. After recording all the clinical parameters principal investigator performed non‐surgical therapy (scaling and root debridement) by using ultrasonic scalers in single visit. Following scaling and root debridement the participants of all the three groups were given detailed oral hygiene instructions with demonstration of proper brushing technique i‐e Modified Bass technique. After that all the participants were provided with a regular cleaning kit which consist of fluoride toothpaste (Colgate® Cavity Protection Toothpaste) and toothbrush (Colgate® Classic Clean Toothbrush) Moreover, all enrolled patients in Group A and B were minutely demonstrated by principal investigator for gingival massage. Aloe‐Vera gel Production Aloe vera gel used in this study was 98% aloe vera gel concentration and 2% normal saline. Preparation of aloe‐vera gel consists of ripen leaf of aloe vera.(26) Aloe vera leaf was washed thoroughly under water and then cut from the center and the seeping gel was collected in sterile container and was stored at 4°C until the time of application. In our research this pure Aloe vera gel was extracted by The Pakistan Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (PCSIR) laboratory. Honey collection Sidr (Beri) honey was used in this study. Honey was thick, raw and cold extracted from remote Pakistan afghan tribal forest belt of Sidr trees. It was smooth, viscous and medium to dark amber in color. Random Allocation of the Intervention A total of 105 participants were divided in to three groups and were named as Group A: SRD & Gingival massage with Aloe‐Vera gel, Group B: SRD & Gingival massage with Sidr honey and group C: SRD only. Interventions were randomly allocated. For this purpose, entrants were asked to pick one sealed opaque envelope in which random allocation of the interventions were mentioned. All the participants who were in Group A and B were not blinded and trained for gingival massage by principal investigator. All the participants were guided to rub aloe‐vera gel or sidr honey on the skin of wrist first to recheck any allergy. At last participants were trained for application of the material gently on the gingiva and the gingival sulcus of all the teeth. To perform gingival massage patients used the index finger of their dominant hand, applied the material at the bottom of their gums with slight pressure, then moved the finger in a slow and circular motion/rubbing action for 1 to 3 minutes, after performing the massage patients were not allowed to rinse with water or any other fluids for 30 minutes for further retaining the material on the gingiva and in the gingival sulcus thereby preventing washing out of the material. All the patients were instructed to perform gingival massage with aloe‐vera gel and sidr honey twice a day after meals and to wait for 30 minutes after application of the interventions. All the routine oral hygiene practice which includes brushing twice a day (morning and night) was continued as usual. Patients falling in the control group were instructed to follow routine oral hygiene protocols. Telephonic communications were made weekly for encouraging the patients for gingival massage with given interventions. All the patients were recalled on 30th day for Post‐intervention assessment. The baseline clinical parameters were recorded by principal investigator whereas 1 month follow‐up of all clinical parameters were recorded by a trained examiner in this study. Intra‐examiner reliability was checked to ensure calibration between examiners. For this purpose both examiners recorded clinical parameters of 50 subjects with chronic periodontitis who were not involved in our study and reliability came out to be 88%. The trained examiner who was blinded from the intervention given to patients was asked to re‐assess all the clinical parameters which included periodontal pocket depth, gingival index, plaque index and bleeding on probing.
 Dexamethasone and Respiratory Function After Mastectomy;  Controlled clinical trial will be performed in 120 surgical patients treated for breast cancer, conducted from Nov 2014 to Nov 2015. Patients will be divided in three groups: Group 1 consisted in patients who underwent conservative breast with axillary lymph node dissection, group 2 in patients with radical mastectomy without reconstruction, and group 3 patients with radical mastectomy with immediate reconstruction with synthetic breast implants. All patients will be randomly assigned by a system of sealed envelopes, to receive 8 mg of intravenous dexamethasone or placebo 60 minutes before surgery. All patients will be female and had a confirmed diagnosis of breast carcinoma. The investigators will exclude patients with a classification of the American Society of Anesthesiologists classes III and IV. Other exclusion criteria are: age 80 years, pregnancy or during menstruation, during steroid therapy, severe diabetes mellitus (serum HbA1c> 8%); opioids, sedatives or painkillers less than a week before the mastectomy, or a history of alcohol or drugs. The investigators will exclude patients with a history of inner ear disease and / or severe PONV after any surgical procedure performed in the past. All patients will be admitted to hospital one day before surgery and were followed from hospital admission and until 30 days after surgery for any medical or surgical morbidity. Anesthesia and surgery All patients will be standardized to the next anesthetic protocol: Under venipuncture, patients receive 1 g of Cephalothin IV one hour before starting the procedure. After entering the operating room, type 1 continuous monitoring was placed via noninvasive, Midazolam will be administered via peripheral 0.1‐0.2 mg/kg as well as fentanyl 1 mcg / kg IV. Prongs will be placed and basal hemodynamic values will be taken with preoxygenation by tidal volume technique per minute. Induction will be performed with Propofol 1‐2 mg/kg IV and completed with fentanyl (3 mcg / kg IV) along with the administration of Rocuronium 0.06 mg/kg IV. Assisted oxygenation continues at a rate of 5 lpm and laryngeal mask (mask measure according to weight and body distribution of the patient) is placed. During surgery, the medication will be completed with omeprazole 40 mg IV, Ondancetron 4 mg IV. All patients will be monitored with indirect determinations of blood pressure and heart rate using standard techniques, as well as the content of expired CO2 and oxygen saturation of the blood. Subsequently, all patients will be extubated and transferred to the unit for immediate post‐surgical care with cardiovascular monitoring and oxygen. Surgical Procedures All patients will be submitted to treatment according to the clinical stage with conservative breast surgery with axillary dissection, radical mastectomy without immediate reconstruction or radical mastectomy with immediate reconstruction with synthetic implants. In case of radical mastectomy, a closed drainage system will be placed in the chirurgic region, and will be removed when drainage is less than 50ml in 24 hours. Chemotherapy or radiation therapy will be administered 3‐4 weeks following surgical resection. The incidence of PONV will be recorded immediately on return to the recovery room and at 6, 12 and 24 h postoperatively using a three‐point ordinal scale (0 = asymptomatic, 1 = feeling of nausea or tonnage without expulsion oral route of gastric contents 2 = vomiting). Nausea is defined as a unpleasant sensation associated with awareness of the urge to vomit; retching is defined as the labored, spasmodic rhythmic contraction of the respiratory muscles without the expulsion of gastric contents, and vomiting is defined as the forceful expulsion of gastric contents from the mouth. Ondancetron will be used IV (4‐8 mg) to treat these symptoms. Analgesic and antiemetic therapy Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs will be used as analgesia after surgery with sodium ketorolac 30 mg IV every 6 hours (in patients younger than 60 years) or lysine Clonixinate 100 mg IV every 6 hours (in patients older than 60 years). Also, patients who will be submitted to a conservative surgery will receive intravenous Tramadol 100mg (diluted in 50ml of solution); the dose may be repeated every 12 hours until. Repeated doses of Morphine of 2.5 mg IV will be used in case of radical mastectomy, according to the needs of the patient. If pain is not diminish within 30 minutes a VAS will be used and in case the scale is greater than 7, an infusion of 10mg of morphine in 250ml 0.9% of saline solution will be used. Pain will be assessed on return to the recovery room and at 6, 12 and 24 h postoperatively using a visual analogue scale (VAS; 0 = no pain and 10 = most severe pain). Pulmonary Function. To perform a spirometry, the ambient must comply the following characteristics: environment without audio or visual shocks and thermal comfort for the comfort of the patient. Patients will be told to sit in a comfortable position with your back straight (at an angle greater than 45°, to patient tolerance) and high chin. Lightweight support will be perform in the patient by taking her gently by the shoulders to keep them lean forward and off balance grew. In the immediate postoperative and due to postoperative pain, the patient will be settled in the stretcher to emulate the sitting position (inclination greater than 45 °) performing the previously mentioned subject. The nature of the study will be explained in understandable language to the patient, and their cooperation will be requested. Forced espiratory maneuver will be explained and immediately exemplified by the best qualified to understand the patient and to avoid measurement bias evaluator. Special emphasis will be placed on the importance of starting the effort with the maximum volume of air in the lungs, so determined and energetic, as well as maintaining exhalation as long as possible. She will be asked to take the disposable cardboard mouthpiece adaptable to pneumotachograph, sealing it with the lips in the position of maximal inspiration and then blow air through it, initiating a sharp exhalation maneuver with the above characteristics. To be a valid test, the maneuver should be performed with a proper effort, starting from the position of maximal inspiration without hesitation or false start with a continuous exhalation without corrections, cough or Valsalva maneuver, as well as checking for leaks were recorded in nozzle. A total of three satisfactory maneuvers will be performed with a maximum of eight attempts for each measurement, spaced at least for 30 seconds. To perform the study, a "Fleisch spirometer" with brand Sibelmed® neumotac type model will be used Datospir 110/120. Measurements of forced espiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced vital capacity (FVC) Maximum Forced Espiratory Flow (FEFM) and the ratio between forced espiratory volume in one second and forced vital capacity will be taken into account (FEV1 / FVC). Such clinical parameters are directly related to muscle fatigue, the compliance of the lung parenchyma and respiratory status of patients. Statistical Analysis Postoperative complications will be recorded during hospitalization and patients will be followed up to 30 days after hospital discharge. Data collected will include patient age, body mass index (BMI), smoking history and neoadjuvant chemotherapy, anesthesia and operation time and the frequency of use of analgesics and antiemetics. These parameters will be added and compared between dexamethasone and placebo groups. The endpoints of the study will be postoperative nausea and vomiting, and pain measured by the VAS and the need for additional analgesia and antiemetic drugs as described. The sample size was predetermined. The investigators expect a 35% difference in the incidence of nausea and vomiting between groups. The α error 0.05 and β error 0.20; n = 35 patients in each group will be considered adequate, according to an analysis of power. All results eill be expressed as percentages and means with standard deviation ± (SD). Student t test, Chi 2 of Fisher's exact test will be used to analyze quantitative and qualitative data, respectively. Differences will be considered statistically significant at p <0.05. Ethical Considerations This protocol has been registered with the Local Research and Ethics Committee on Health. The study will be conducted according to the principles of the Helsinki Declaration of 1989, and with the Guidelines of Health of Mexico. The local research and ethics committee of Health Research Ethics Committees of the Cancer Institute of Jalisco, Mexico approved all protocols. A full written informed consent will be obtained from all patients before inclusion in the study.
 Effect of Dexamethasone in Postoperative Symptoms After Mastectomy for Breast Cancer;  Breast cancer is the most frequent malignant neoplasm worldwide. In emerging countries such as Mexico, there has been an increase in its frequency and mortality [1, 2] and it is the second most frequent neoplasm after cervical carcinoma. Between 25,000 and 30,000 new cases are diagnosed annually. Unfortunately, only a few women have regular mammography screening so the proportion of patients with locally advanced disease at diagnosis is high. In 2003, only 5‐10% of newly diagnosed cases in Mexico were clinical stages 0 or I [2]. Surgical resection with axillary lymph node dissection constitutes the treatment of choice associated with neoadjuvant therapy and postoperative chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy. Postoperative pain, nausea and vomiting (PONV) are the most common complications after anesthesia and surgery. Women undergoing mastectomy with axillary dissection are at a particularly high risk for the development of PONV and an incidence of 60‐80% in patients receiving no antiemetic has been reported. Emetic episodes predispose to aspiration of gastric contents, wound dehiscence, psychological distress, and delayed recovery and discharge times. These justify the use of prophylactic antiemetics in women scheduled for mastectomy. Most of the currently used antiemetics, including antihistamines, butyrophenones and dopamine receptor antagonists have been reported to cause occasional undesirable adverse effects, such as excessive sedation, hypotension, dry mouth, dysphoria, hallucinations and extrapyramidal signs. Antiserotonins (e.g., ondansetron) are available for the prevention and treatment of PONV in patients undergoing various types of surgery. However, the use of prophylactic antiemetic therapy with antiserotonins has been criticized for being too expensive. Dexamethasone was first reported to be an effective antiemetic regimen in patients receiving cancer chemotherapy. Some authors have reviewed the available randomized trials (1996‐2001) regarding perioperative single‐dose steroid administration and found that dexamethasone had antiemetic and analgesic effects in various types of operations. One ot this studies demostrated that intravenous dexamethasone at 4 mg was effective for the prevention of PONV following breast surgery but they could not demonstrate any difference in postoperative pain. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of dexamethasone treatment for reducing pain and PONV as well as analgesic and antiemetic requirements in women undergoing general anesthesia for mastectomy with axillary node dissection. Anesthesia and surgery All patients underwent a standardized general anesthesia procedure and none of them received any preanesthetic medication. Induction used intravenous propofol (2 mg/kg body weight) and fentanyl (3‐5 mcg/kg). Vecuronium bromide (0.1 mg/kg) was used to facilitate tracheal intubation. Anesthesia was maintained with 2‐3% sevoflurane and 66% nitrous oxide in oxygen. Ventilation was controlled mechanically and maintained constant throughout surgery using an anesthetic and respiratory gas analyzer for monitoring. All patients were monitored with indirect determinations of arterial pressure and heart rate using standard techniques, as well as the expired CO2 content and oxygen blood saturation. Afterwards, all patients were extubated and transferred to the immediate postsurgical care unit with cardiovascular and oxygen monitoring. Patients and Methods Patients Between June and August 2009, 70 patients undergoing mastectomy with axillary dissection were studied in a prospective, randomized, double‐blind clinical trial. Patients were randomized to receive intravenous dexamethasone (8 mg) or homologated placebo 60 minutes before skin incision, using an equal number of blinded envelopes. Patients of American Society of Anesthesiologists classes III and IV were excluded. Further exclusion criteria were age more than 80 years; pregnancy; active menstruation; treatment with steroids; severe diabetes mellitus (serum HbA1c > 8%); use of opioids, sedatives or any kind of analgesics less than one week before mastectomy, or a history of alcohol or drug abuse. Patients with any history of motion sickness and ⁄or previous PONV after any surgical procedure were excluded. All patients were admitted to the hospital one day before the operation and were followed from hospital admission until 30 days after the surgical procedure to detect any medical or surgical morbidity. Surgical procedures All patients were treated according to the preoperative clinical stage with radical mastectomy or breast conservative surgery with lymph node axillary dissection by the same surgical team. In all patients, closed suction drains were placed in the region subjected to surgery and were removed during the following days. Chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy were administered 3‐4 weeks after uncomplicated surgical resections. Analgesia and antiemetic therapies Pain was assessed immediately on return to the recovery room and at 6, 12 and 24 h after the operation using a visual analogue scale (VAS; 0 = no pain to 10 = most severe pain). Analgesia was given as intravenous sodium ketorolac (30 mg every 8 hours) and intravenous tramadol infusion (50 mg) was used as a backup analgesic medication. The incidence of PONV was recorded immediately on return to the recovery room and at 6, 12 and 24 h after the operation, using a three point ordinal scale (0 = none, 1 = nausea, 2 = retching, 3 = vomiting). Nausea was defined as a subjectively unpleasant sensation associated with awareness of the urge to vomit, retching was defined as the labored, spasmodic, rhythmic contraction of the respiratory muscles without the expulsion of gastric contents, and vomiting was defined as the forceful expulsion of gastric contents from the mouth. Intravenous ondansetron (4‐8 mg) was given for antiemetic treatment on demand. Data collection and statistical analysis Postoperative complications were recorded during hospitalization and the patients were followed up to 30 days after discharge. Additional data collected included patient age, body mass index (BMI), any history of smoking and neoadjuvant chemotherapy, anesthesia and operation time and the frequency of use of analgesic and antiemetic drugs. These parameters were summed and compared between the dexamethasone and placebo groups.The study endpoints were postoperative nausea and vomiting, and pain measured by the VAS and the need for additional analgesic and antiemetic drugs. The sample size was predetermined. We expected a 35% difference in the incidence of nausea and vomiting between groups. The alpha error was set at 0.05 and beta error at 0.20; n = 35 patients for each group was considered adequate, according to a power analysis. Results are expressed as percentages and as the mean ± standard deviation (SD). Student's t test, the Chi‐squared test or Fisher's Exact Test were used for the analysis of quantitative and qualitative data, respectively. Differences were considered statistically significant at p < 0.05. Ethical considerations The study was conducted according to the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki of 1989 and the Mexican Health Guidelines. The Ethical and Research Committees of the Oncologic Institute, approved all protocols. Full, written informed consent was obtained from all patients before their inclusion in the study.
 The comparison of two methods of music listening, by mother and fetus on the non-stress test outcome;  INTERVENTION: Group 2, intervention of music listening by fetus from mother.s abdominal wall since 15 second after lost of 10 minute of non‐stress testing. and during of test not eating juice by mother or working for reduce mother,s stress. Intervention 1: Music intervention in group1 by the mother and music run during the second 10 minutes of nonstress test .and during of test not eating juice by mother or working for reduce mother,s stress. Intervention 2: Group 2, intervention of music listening by fetus from mother.s abdominal wall since 15 second after lost of 10 minute of non‐stress testing. and during of test not eating juice by mother or working for reduce mother,s stress. Intervention 3: Third group is control. Music intervention in group1 by the mother and music run during the second 10 minutes of nonstress test .and during of test not eating juice by mother or working for reduce mother,s stress. Third group is control. Treatment ‐ Devices CONDITION: expesure to the vibration Nonstress testing in pregnant women. ; expesure to the vibration PRIMARY OUTCOME: The number of acceleration of fetal heart rate. Timepoint: Initial 10 minuts of test, second 10 minuts of test. Method of measurement: Toito Japanese model by fetal echocardiography. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduce of time of nonstress testing. Timepoint: Initial 10 minuts of test, second 10 minuts of test. Method of measurement: Toito Japanese model by fetal echocardiography. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age range 35‐18 years; gestational age 37‐ 40 weeks of pregnancy; singleton pregnancy; Women with uncomplicated pregnancies include: hypertension disorders, diabetic women requiring insulin, women suspected fetal inter uterine growth restricted, Women after 41 gestational age determinate by last menstruation date or ultrasound 16 to 20 weeks, premature rupture of membranes, multiple pregnancies, intrauterine death fetus, the embryonic lethal anomalies, fetus by cardiovascular anomalies, amniotic fluid disorders, the fetus was diagnosed with anencephaly; baseline of heart rate between 160‐110; No pregnant women by loss‐ hearing; no anatomic or mental disorders in mother (psychosis, schizophrenia, and uterine abnormalities); no chronic disease in mother such as heart disease, lung, kidney, chronic hypertension and diabetes; Not smoking and tobacco; not strenuous physical activity until two hours before the test; no use of analgesics, narcotics, se
 Prospective validation of a mobile health application for blood pressure management in patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial;  Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) pose significant risks to both maternal and fetal health, contributing to global morbidity and mortality. Management of HDP is complex, particularly because of concerns regarding potential negative effects on utero‐placental circulation and limited therapeutic options due to fetal safety. Our study investigates whether blood pressure monitoring through a mobile health (mHealth) application can aid in addressing the challenges of blood pressure management in pregnant individuals with HDP. Additionally, we aim to assess whether this intervention can improve short‐term maternal and fetal outcomes and potentially mitigate long‐term cardiovascular consequences. Methods: This prospective, randomized, single‐center trial will include 580 pregnant participants who meet the HDP criteria or who have a heightened risk of pregnancy‐related hypertension due to factors such as multiple pregnancies, obesity, diabetes, or a history of HDP in prior pregnancies leading to preterm birth. Participants will be randomized to either the mHealth intervention group or the standard care group. The primary endpoint is the difference in systolic blood pressure from enrollment to 1 month after childbirth. The secondary endpoints include various blood pressure parameters, obstetric outcomes, body mass index trajectory, step counts, mood assessment, and drug adherence. Conclusions: This study emphasizes the potential of mHealth interventions, such as the Heart4U application, to improve blood pressure management in pregnant individuals with HDP. By leveraging technology to enhance engagement, communication, and monitoring, this study aims to positively impact maternal, fetal, and postpartum outcomes associated with HDP. This innovative approach demonstrates the potential of personalized technology‐driven solutions for managing complex health conditions. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05995106. Registered on 16 August 2023.
 The effect of pre-conception periodontal treatment on decreasing adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes and pathogenic mechanism;  INTERVENTION: The intervention group:Free periodontal treatment and oral health education;The control group:Free periodontal washing and oral health education; CONDITION: Periodontal Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Incidence of low birth weight;Incidence of preterm birth; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Prevalence of periodontal disease;Concerntration of inflammatory mediators in saliva;Concerntration of inflammatory mediators in blood;Concerntration of periodontal pathogens;Hemoperfusion function of placenta;The level of LPS;Placenta growth related RNA expression;Placenta growth factor II;MDA;SOD;GSH‐Px;GSH;GSSG;Placenta VI;Placenta FI;Placenta VFI; INCLUSION CRITERIA: At least 18 years old; pre‐pregnancy women who plan to conceive within one year; remaining teeth = 20; without moderate or severe dental caries; without systematic or reproductive disease; without rheumatoid arthritis; without severe cardiovascular disease; without diabetes; without hyperthyroidism and other systemic disease; without immunodeficiency diseases; planning to deliver at one of the participating hospitals; diagnosed as having periodontitis after oral examination; willing to be compliant to the follow up during the trial.
 The effect of increased intravenous hydration on the course and out come of labor in nulliparous women during 1387;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The second, groupreceived 60 ml of lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour. Intervention 2: The first group (usual care) received lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour whenever they needed based on obstetrical condition. Intervention 3: The third group received 120 ml of lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour. Intervention 4: The fourth groupreceived 240 ml of lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour. The third group received 120 ml of lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour The first group (usual care) received lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour whenever they needed based on obstetrical condition. The fourth groupreceived 240 ml of lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour The second, groupreceived 60 ml of lactated Ringer’s solution IV per hour Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Increased Intravenous Hydration of Nulliparous in Labor. ; Single spontaneous delivery Single spontaneous delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of labor. Timepoint: start of active phase to 24h after delivery. Method of measurement: duration of labora ccording to minute. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Type of delivery. Timepoint: type of delivery. Method of measurement: type of delivery vaginal or cesarean. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:Iranian nationality;35‐18 years of age ;primiparous, singleton pregnancy;gestational age38‐40;without CPD; optimal care during pregnancy;blood pressure less than 140/90 mmHg; body mass index 19/8‐26(kg m) before pregnancy;beginning of the active phase of labor with cervical dilatation 4 cm ; intact of membran ;estimated fetal weight less than 4000 grams; Excluding criteria : Polyhydramnios;abnormal presentation;preeclampsia;pyelonephritis ;any other febrile illnesses in the last 48 hours;known medical conditions before and during pregnancy such as asthma; cardiovascular disease;diabetes;kidney disease or cratinin more than 1 at the admission time; disorders of gastroenteritis during the last 48 hours; symptoms of dehydration in the last 48 hours
 Fibromyalgia and Olive Oil;  Aim: The goal of the present study is to investigate the effects of two olive oils with different antioxidant content on cardiovascular risk factors (blood‐coagulation parameters, platelet indices, red blood cell count, inflammatory markers, lipid profile, nitric oxide and cortisol) in patients diagnosed with fibromyalgia. The investigators will determine thrombosis‐related parameters (fibrinogen levels, prothrombin time, prothrombin activity, cephaline time, platelet count, platelet distribution width [PDW], mean platelet volume [MPV], plateletcrit, red blood cell [RBC] count, neutrophil‐to‐lymphocyte ratio [NLR], and platelet‐to‐lymphocyte ratio [PLR]), inflammatory markers (interleukin 6 [IL‐6], IL‐10, C‐reactive protein [CRP], erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR)), nitric oxide levels, lipid profile, and cortisol levels. Participants: This study will be carry out in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration of Helsinki of the World Medical Association. The research group will contact a Spanish association of patients with fibromyalgia, AFIXA (Association of Fibromyalgia of Jaén, Spain) to find patients to participate in the study. The researchers will convene patients in the laboratory of the Faculty of Health Sciences of the University of Jaén (Spain) to obtain several data of interest (age, BMI, other chronic diseases, pregnancy, lactation and medication). Based on these data, the investigators will select the fibromyalgia group. In a second visit to the laboratory, all patients will sign an informed consent form, the blood samples will be taken and the they will complete several questionnaires (Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, Visual Analogic Scale, Short Form 12 Health Survey). The women with fibromyalgia will be previously diagnosed with fibromyalgia by a professional rheumatologist and met the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) criteria for fibromyalgia. Exclusion criteria will be the presence of any other chronic disease (diabetes mellitus, hypertension, rheumatoid arthritis, hepatitis, cancer or ischemic heart disease), dyslipidemia, pregnancy, lactation or grade II obesity (BMI ≥ 35 kg/m2). None of the participants will being treated with anticoagulants, corticosteroids, estrogens, analgesics or anti‐inflammatory drugs, and will be only included if they had stopped using them at least 2 months before the start of our study. None will consume alcohol regularly, and all will be non‐smokers. All the participants will be sedentary. Study Design: A randomized, controlled, double‐blind nutritional trial will carry out. The trial will consist of the consumption of 50 ml/day of one of the two organic olive oils with different antioxidant content, EVOO or ROO, over 3 weeks. A short‐term nutritional trial, such as the present one, may offer certain advantages with respect to a long‐term trial, as it allows patients to adhere to a stricter and more controlled diet in relation to the intake of other antioxidants. In this way, the possible interference of other antioxidants can be limited, as can interference from possible changes in the lifestyles of the patients, which could also alter the results. The participants will be randomly assigned to one of the two groups: EVOO and ROO. Before beginning the 3‐week dietary trial, participants will conduct a 2‐week washout period during which they consumed ROO (50 ml daily for 2 weeks) because they are part of a population that consumes olive oil regularly. Biochemical markers and clinical parameters in each participant will be determine before and after the 3‐week treatment period. Determination of biochemical parameters Cortisol Measurement: Cortisol level will be determined in serum samples by a fluorescence polarization immunoassay using an AxSYM analyser (Abbott Laboratories, Illinois (IL), USA). Organic olive oils will obtained from Olifarma S.L. (Granada, Spain). The olive oils will be similarly packaged, and participants will be blinded as to the type of olive oil they will consume. Participants will consume the treatment olive oil raw but will use ROO for cooking in order to maintain their ingestion of antioxidants unchanged. The investigators will supply ROO for cooking in sufficient quantity for the whole family. The researchers will estimate the participants' intake by means of a 24‐hr recall that they will complete for 3 days (2 working days and a day off) at the beginning of the trial. The investigators will use the average of the values obtained over the 3 days to calculate participants' energy intake (kcals/day) and intake of macronutrients (carbohydrates [g/day], lipids [g/day], and protein [g/day]) and micronutrients, especially those that may have an antioxidant effect, including vitamin C, vitamin A, copper, zinc, and selenium. Based on this analysis, the investigators will provide all participants with dietary recommendations, focusing on the aspects that each should improve. Data of the weight of the participants at the beginning and end of the trial will record. The investigators will request that participants return all the treatment olive oil containers (the consumed and unconsumed containers) at the end of the trial for control of the olive oil consumption (i.e., a count of the empty and full containers each participant will return). Blood collection and preparation of blood samples: After overnight fasting, venous blood will be taken in the early morning from the antecubital vein into several tubes with anticoagulant and anticoagulant‐free tubes. The blood of the anticoagulant‐free tubes will be allowed to clot for 30 min at room temperature. The anticoagulant and anticoagulant‐free tubes will then be centrifuged at 3500 rpm for 5 min at 4°C to obtain plasma and serum samples, respectively. The blood will be always drawn at the same time of day to avoid circadian variations. Thrombosis‐related parameters (fibrinogen levels, prothrombin time, prothrombin activity, cephaline time, platelet count, platelet distribution width [PDW], mean platelet volume [MPV], plateletcrit, red blood cell [RBC] count, neutrophil‐to‐lymphocyte ratio [NLR], and platelet‐to‐lymphocyte ratio [PLR]) and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) were determined in plasma samples. Inflammatory markers (interleukin 6 [IL‐6], IL‐10, C‐reactive protein [CRP]), nitric oxide levels, lipid profile, and cortisol levels were measured in serum samples. Nitric oxide (NO) Measurement: NO production was indirectly quantified by measuring nitrate/nitrite and S‐nitrose compounds (NOx) using an ozone chemiluminescence‐based method. The thawed serum aliquots were deproteinized with NaOH 0.8 N and ZnSO4 16% solutions. The total amount of NOx will be determined as previously described (Rus et al., 2011) using the purge system of Sievers Instruments, model NOA 280i (GE Analytical Instruments, Colorado (CO), USA). Determination of Inflammatory Markers: The IL‐6 level will be determined by a chemiluminescent immunoassay using the Access Immunoassay Systems (Beckman Coulter). Levels of IL‐10 will be measured by a chemiluminescent immunoenzymatic assay using an MLX™ luminometer (Dynex Technologies, Chantilly, VA). CRP will be measured using an AU 5800 analyzer (Beckman Coulter). Clinical Characteristics of Participants: The investigators will obtain demographic and clinical data from participants´ interview and questionnaires. The same specialist will carry out all the measurements and tests throughout the study. The questionnaires will be completed immediately after the blood was drawn. The researchers will evaluate functional capacity in daily living activities in patients with fibromyalgia using the Spanish version of the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ). The FIQ score, which is the instrument most often used by researchers to estimate fibromyalgia severity, ranges from 0 to 100. Self‐reported musculoskeletal pain will be assessed in fibromyalgia patients by a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS; 10 cm). For both of these instruments, higher scores reflect worse symptomatology. The investigators will assess the physical (Physical Component Summary, PCS‐12) and mental (Mental Component Summary, MCS‐12) health status of patients and controls using the Spanish version of the 12‐Item Short‐Form Health Survey (SF‐12). Scores range from 0 to 100, with lower values reflecting worse health status. Determination of Lipid Profile: Serum lipid profile (total cholesterol, high‐density lipoprotein [HDL]‐cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein A1, and apolipoprotein B) will be measured by a spectrophotometric procedure using an OLYMPUS AU 5400 analyzer (Beckman Coulter). Low‐density lipoprotein (LDL)‐cholesterol levels will be estimated indirectly with the Friedewald equation. The level of homocysteine will be determined by a fluorescence polarization immunoassay using an AxSYM analyzer (Abbott Laboratories). The researchers will determine lipid peroxidation by measuring thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), which are a good indicator of lipid peroxidation, a major marker of oxidative stress. TBARS will be determined spectrophotometrically in plasma samples following the manufacturer's recommendations (TBARS Assay Kit, OXItek, Catalog. 0801192). Determination of thrombosis‐related parameters: Blood‐coagulation parameters (fibrinogen levels, prothrombin time, prothrombin activity and cephaline time) will be determine in plasma samples using the BCS XP analyzer (Siemens Healthineers, Erlangen, Germany). The researchers will measure determinants of platelet function (platelet count, platelet distribution width [PDW], and mean platelet volume [MPV]), and red blood cell (RBC), neutrophil and lymphocyte counts in plasma samples by flow cytometry using the ADVIA 2120 analyzer (Siemens Healthineers, Erlangen, Germany). Sample size assessment: The sample size has been estimated using the Ene 3.0 software (GlaxoSmithKline). Sample size has been estimated based on the levels of malondialdehyde (Gassió et al., 2008). With an unilateral hypothesis, assuming a probability of type I error of 5%, a β risk of 0.10, with a standard deviation of the effect of 1.4, 10 patients are considered necessary per branch of the study, that is, a total of 20 patients. If 10% of patient losses are assumed, a minimal sample size of 24 patients, 12 for each branch of the study will be needed. Statistical analysis: The statistical analysis of the data will be performed using the statistical package IBM SPSS Statistics 24 for Windows (SPSS Inc, Chicago, IL). The Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test and the Levenne test will be performed to test normality and homoscedasticity, respectively. To analyze the effect of each olive oil between pre‐ and post measures, the data that followed a normal distribution and the principle of homoscedasticity of variances were tested by a two‐way ANOVA. The statistical significance will be established by applying an unpaired Student's t‐test to compare differences between means. Data that did not follow a normal distribution or the principle of homoscedasticity will be tested using the Scheirer‐Ray‐Hare test, the non‐parametric equivalent for two‐way ANOVA. The statistical significance will be established by applying the Mann‐Whitney U‐test to compare differences between means. To analyze the effect of the type of olive oil, all values will be converted into delta scores (i.e., post‐pre values) and thereafter will be tested by unpaired Student's t test or the Mann‐Whitney U‐test based on normality and homoscedasticity of data. The effect size will be calculated using the Cohen´s d for parametric tests and the eta squared (η²) for nonparametric tests. Values of Cohen´s d of 0.2, 0.5, and 0.8 correspond to the classical Cohen bands of interpretation of the effect size as small, medium and large, respectively. Values of η² of 0.02, 0.13 and 0.26 correspond to small, medium and large effect size, respectively. The investigators set the level of statistical significance at p < 0.05.
 Lifestyle Intervention in Overweight and Obese Pregnant Hispanic Women;  The overall goal of this randomized controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce excess gestational weight gain (GWG), increase postpartum weight loss, and improve maternal metabolic status among overweight/obese Hispanic women. Specific aims are to evaluate the impact of the intervention on 1) GWG and postpartum weight loss, 2) pregnancy and postpartum biomarkers of insulin resistance (i.e., glucose, insulin, HbA1c, HOMA, leptin, adiponectin), 3) postpartum biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (i.e., blood lipids, blood pressure), 4) offspring outcomes (i.e., anthropometric measures and biomarkers of insulin resistance), and 5) to evaluate the cost‐effectiveness of the intervention per average incremental improvement in the outcome variables. Overweight/obese Hispanic women will be recruited in early pregnancy (around 10 wks gestation) and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n=150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) Intervention (n=150). The intervention will utilize exercise (R01NR011295) and dietary intervention materials (R18DK067549) culturally adapted for Hispanics and shown to be efficacious in our previous controlled trials in this ethnic group. Multimodal contacts (i.e., in‐person, telephone counseling, and mailed print‐based materials) will be used to deliver the intervention during pregnancy ( 12 wks gestation to delivery) continuing into postpartum ( 6 wks to 6 mos postpartum); follow‐up will continue for one year postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for GWG and postpartum weight loss; ACOG guidelines for physical activity through increasing walking and developing a more active lifestyle; and reduction in total calories by following a balanced healthy diet in compliance with American Diabetes Association guidelines. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and includes strategies for partner and/or family support to address the specific social, cultural, and economic challenges faced by underserved Hispanic women. Measures of compliance will include actigraphs and Hispanic food frequency questionnaires. The proposed project builds upon the expertise of the investigative team in conducting randomized controlled trials of exercise interventions among Hispanic pregnant women (R01 DK074876) and dietary interventions among low‐income Hispanics with type 2 diabetes (R18 DK0658850) and can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations.
 The Blossom Project: moms2Move (M2M);  INTERVENTION: The intervention in this study was an unsupervised walking program. Immediately after the baseline data collection, women in the intervention group attended a training session. At this session, the women were verbally given the 2008 U.S. Physical Activity (PA) Guidelines, which is to accumulate a minimum of 150 minutes per week of moderate PA during pregnancy. The women were advised to spread their walking throughout the week, such as 30 minutes of walking five days per week. The women were also given permission to walk in shorter bouts; however, they were advised to keep the bouts to at least 10 minutes. Walking could occur indoors, such as walking at the mall, or outdoors, such as walking at the park. To help participants in the intervention group achieve their walking goal, treadmills were provided to use in their homes for the duration of the study and were returned following the completion of the walking program. The control group did not receive any intervention materials. They were not told to change their behaviour in any way during the intervention. They were required to participate in the same assessments/measurements at the same time points as the intervention group. There has not been any follow‐up for either of the study arms. CONDITION: Obesity ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Physical activity; 2. Weight; 3. Pregnancy weight gain SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Dietary intake; 2. Self‐efficacy; 3. Infant outcomes (anthropometrics, developmental milestones); ; The following measurements were made at baseline (approximately weeks 10‐14 of pregnancy): height, weight, body composition (BIA), physical activity (pedometer and accelerometer), diet ( 3‐day weighed diet record). ; ; The following measurements were made at the second study visit (weeks 17‐19 of pregnancy): weight, body composition (BIA), physical activity (pedometer and accelerometer), diet (3‐day weighed diet record). ; ; The following measurements were made at the third (weeks 27‐29 of pregnancy) and fourth (weeks 34‐36 of pregnancy) study visits: height, weight, body composition (BIA), physical activity (pedometer and accelerometer), diet (3‐day weighed diet record), and self‐efficacy (scales for barrier and task self‐efficacy). ; ; The following measurements were made at study visit 5 (1 month postpartum): birth weight reported, health outcomes of mother and child (survey), maternal weight, infant anthropometrics (weight, length, body composition using PEA POD), developmental milestones of child (mother report).; ; The following measurements were made at study visit 6 (6 months postpartum): maternal weight, infant anthropometrics (weight, length, body composition using PEA POD), developmental milestones of child (mother report), maternal self‐efficacy (scales for barrier and task self‐efficacy). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants who were enrolled met the following INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Maternal age between 18‐45 years old 2. Singleton pregnancy 3. Non‐smoker 4. Self‐reported overweight (Body Mass Index [BMI] > 25.0 kg/m2) or obese (BMI > 30.0 kg/m2) prior to pregnancy 5. No prior history of chronic diseases (including type 1 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, thyroid disorder or lung disorder), and no prior history of gestational diabetes. 6. In addition, only women who engaged in less than three times per week of Leisure Time Physical Activity (LTPA) for 30 minutes or more per session, 6‐months preceding their enrollment into the study were recruited. Pre‐pregnancy PA participation was self‐reported (questions in the screening process) and LTPA was defined as activities performed each week beyond normal daily routines.
 Effect of crisis counseling on anxiety, Decision-Making Style and Strategies in Women with unplanned pregnancy;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Control group: This group will not receive the intervention (crisis counseling). Intervention 1: Intervention group: The first session will conduct as soon as possible within a maximum of 4 weeks after the pregnancy test, and a total of 4 120‐120 minutes solitary confinement sessions will done according to the Robert's seven‐step model, 3 first sessions with a 3‐4 day interval and the last session (follow up) will held one month later. Intervention 2: Control group: This group will not receive the intervention (crisis counseling). Intervention group: The first session will conduct as soon as possible within a maximum of 4 weeks after the pregnancy test, and a total of 4 120‐120 minutes solitary confinement sessions will done according to the Robert's seven‐step model, 3 first sessions with a 3‐4 day interval and the last session (follow up) will held one month later. Prevention CONDITION: Problems related to unwanted pregnancy unwanted pregnancy. ; Problems related to unwanted pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: before intervention,4 week after intervention. Method of measurement: wendenburg pregnancy related anxiety questionnaire; Spielberger Anxiety; GHQ‐28;. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Decision‐making style and strategies about unplanned pregnancy. Timepoint: before and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: decision‐making style and strategies of women with unplanned pregnancy questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Reproductive age; have at least one child; Iranian; married and currently living with her legal spouse; ability to communicate; having general health (lack of diseases including diabetes, high blood pressure and any known chronic disease, such as cardiovascular, kidney and liver diseases); have a positive Pregnancy test (ßhcg). Exclusion criteria: Appearing of high risk pregnancy symptoms such as bleeding, leaking of liquid through the vagina, existing of suicidal thoughts; severe and major psychiatric disorders; Having a psychosis; Participation in other psychiatric treatment protocols in the last 6 months; Unwilling to participate in the study.
 C1q/TNF-related Protein 9 (CTRP 9) Level in Preeclamptic Obese and Non-obese Pregnancies;  The most important reason for the development of preeclampsia is the problem of trophoblastinvasion and consequent formation and development of placenta is not healthy Cytokines are regulatory molecules that have effects on cell functions.Cytokines are molecules that also regulate endothelial functions. Placenta formation and widespread endothelial damage are under the influence of cytokines. Therefore, there may be important links between impairment or imbalance in cytokine release and function and the formation of preeclampsia.Nitric oxide (NO) is a biologic enzyme that is synthesized by nitric oxide synthase (NOS) from the amino acid of L‐arginine and exists in all mammals. e(NOS) is the three isoforms of NO. It is known that NO is a major vasodilator of pregnancy, inhibiting platelet and leukocyte aggregation.There was a decrease in NO levels in preeclamptic patients. The CqP / TNF Binding Protein (CTRP) family consists of 15 members, and is synthesized in many organs outside the body of fat.CTRP9 is predominantly excreted in fat tissue, and levels in circulation are reduced in patients with diabetes and obesity.Many studies have shown that CTRP9 exerts beneficial effects on metabolic and cardiovascular homeostasis. CTRP9 increases vascular relaxation in the AMPK / endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) dependent pathway. CTRP9 has also been reported to reduce inflammatory responses in endothelial cells via the AMPK‐dependent pathway. Vasorelaxation due to CTRP9 is endothelium‐dependent and NO‐mediated. CTRP9, directly acting on smooth muscle, is indirectly or indirectly associated with NO production in the vascular endothelial layer by stimulating vasorelaxial molecular production by endothelial cells.
 Sequential compression pump effect on hypo tension due to spinal anesthesia during cesarean section;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: sequestional compression device use in the intervention group after spinal anesthesia sequestional compression device. Intervention 2: No intervention. No intervention Prevention sequestional compression device use in the intervention group after spinal anesthesia sequestional compression device Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hypotension due to drugs Hypotension. ; Hypotension due to drugs PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mean blood pressure. Timepoint: From supine position every minute untill delivery and then every 3 minutes untill 10 minutes and then every 5 minutes untill arrival to recovery room and finally every 10 minutes untill discharge from recovery room. Method of measurement: sphygmomanometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Efedrin dosage,Nousea and vomiting,Metocolopramid dosage. Timepoint: From spinal anesthesia to discharge from recovery room. Method of measurement: Mg,Frequency of occurrence N&V. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: female over 18 years of non‐emergency or elective cesarean section. exclusion criteria: emergency cesarean section; epidural anesthesia for cesarean; Multiple pregnancy; Pathology of pregnancy; valvular or ischemic heart disease or high blood pressure; sepsis; morbid obesity BMI>40; gestational diabetes; block level higher than T5
 Maternal and Couple-Based Lactating Mindfulness Counseling on Breastfeeding Success and Sleep Quality of First Mother Women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Mothers who are taught breastfeeding counseling with a mindfulness approach in 5 sessions. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Couples who are jointly trained in 4 sessions of breastfeeding counseling with a mindfulness approach. CONDITION: Brest feeding and sleep guality. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sleep quality score. Timepoint: Before the start of the intervention and the end of the last session of the intervention (5). Method of measurement: Pittsburgh Questionnaire. Success of exclusive breastfeeding. Timepoint: The beginning of the first session after delivery and the end of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th months after delivery. Method of measurement: Exclusive breastfeeding nutrition questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: nullipara single pregnancy gestational age 37 to 40 weeks no diseases that interfere with breastfeeding (eg. chemiotherapy) having basic literacy of reading and writing Persian no psycho‐cognitive diseases or interference with sleep quality (anxiety, depression, severe stress, and etc.). not take sleep drugs in the last three months no smoking and alchohol no chronic diseases (cardio‐vascular diseases, asthma, diabetes, and etc.). wanted pregnancy written consent to participate in the study earn point zero to 22 of GHQ (General health questionnaire)
 The effect of counseling on body image and self-esteem;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: People who will receive counseling with cognitive behavioral approach. Intervention 2: Control group: People who only will receive routine care. CONDITION: self esteem and body image. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Comparison of the mean score of body image among the study groups. Timepoint: Before intervention, immediately after intervention, 1 month after delivery. Method of measurement: Multidimensional Body‐Self Relation Questionnaire. Comparison of the mean score of self esteem among the study groups. Timepoint: Before intervention, immediately after intervention, 1 month after delivery. Method of measurement: Rosenberg Self‐esteem Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Comparison of the mean score of exclusive breastfeeding among study groups. Timepoint: 1 month after delivery. Method of measurement: Designed exclusively breastfeeding checklist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: At least secondary education gestational age between 25 to 28 weeks First or second pregnancy singelton No disease affecting pregnancy, according to the individual like(Cardiovascular Diseases?Preeclampsia?Diabetes?Epilepsy...) Not taking drugs that affect psychological problems, according to the individual like:(Sertraline?Venlafaxine?Deluxin?Nortriptyline...) Individuals with a body image score lower than 241 based on a Multidimensional Body‐Self Relation Questionnaire Individuals with a self‐esteem score below 25 based on the Rosenberg questionnaire
 the effect of group discussions on anxiety and stress of primipara pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: In experimental group participantsfor 6 Session 1‐1.5 hours (each week a meeting) will participate in group discussions. In the control group the routine care of health center will be executed. Intervention 1: In experimental group participantsfor 6 Session 1‐1.5 hours (each week a meeting) will participate in group discussions. Intervention 2: In the control group the routine care of health center will be executed. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Anxiety and stress in pregnancy. ; Other mixed anxiety disorder Other mixed anxiety disorder PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and 4 weeks after the study. Method of measurement: According to Spielberger Questionnaire. Stress. Timepoint: Beginning of the study and 4 weeks after the study. Method of measurement: According to Cohen Stress Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: primipara pregnant women with gestational age 20 to 25 weeks; no known cardiovascular disease, diabetes, mental illness; lack of participation on training program on the topic over the past 20 week, no history of pregnancy and abortion; participants husband alive Exclusion criteria: not wanting to continue the cooperation; the creation of any physical or mental health problem; more than twice absence in training
 The effect ofantenatal intramuscular adminestration of two doses of betamethasone every 12 hours on acute pulmonary complications in preterm infants born;  INTERVENTION: Caspian tamin,Pharmaceutical Co.Rhast‐IRAN,Betamethasone 4mg/ml . ( In intervention group : Antenatal intramuscular two doses of 12 mg betamethasone every 12 hours administer to women with preterm premature of membrane) . Caspian tamin,Pharmaceutical Co.Rhast‐IRAN,Betamethasone 4mg/ml .( In control group : Antenatal intramuscular two doses of 12 mg betamethasone every 24 hours administer to women with preterm premature of membrane) . Intervention 1: Caspian tamin,Pharmaceutical Co.Rhast‐IRAN,Betamethasone 4mg/ml .( In control group : Antenatal intramuscular two doses of 12 mg betamethasone every 24 hours administer to women with preterm premature of membrane) . Intervention 2: Caspian tamin,Pharmaceutical Co.Rhast‐IRAN,Betamethasone 4mg/ml . ( In intervention group : Antenatal intramuscular two doses of 12 mg betamethasone every 12 hours administer to women with preterm premature of membrane) . Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hyaline membrane disease Respirator Respiratory and cardiovascular disorders specific to the perinatal period. ; Hyaline membrane disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Occurrence of Respiratory distress of newborn. Timepoint: First seven days of the neonatal period. Method of measurement: questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: APGAR. Timepoint: The first and fifth minutes after birth. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: " Healthy women pregnant with singleton pregnancies and premature rupture of membranes at gestational age 26 to 34 weeks without the need for an immediate termination of pregnancy" . Exclusion criteria:" Presence of any increased blood pressure; diabetes ; chorioamnionitis ; intrauterine growth retardation; fetal anomaly; fetal distress ; steroid use by mother and any disease that corticosteroids use are contraindicated'.
 Effectiveness of Atorvastatin in Preventing Cerebrovascular Events After Flow Diverter Implantation;  1. Objectives of the study 1.1. Primary objective: To evaluate the efficacy of oral atorvastatin in preventing adverse cerebrovascular events within 1 year after flow diverter implantation in patients with intracranial aneurysms. 1.2. Secondary Objectives: 1. To evaluate the effectiveness of atorvastatin treatment in the prevention of adverse cerebrovascular events at 30 days and 180 days. 2. To evaluate the safety of atorvastatin treatment in patients with unruptured IA within 1 year after flow diverter implantation. 3. To evaluate the efficacy of atorvastatin in the prevention of in‐stent stenosis events at 1 year after flow diverter implantation, and to explore its intervention effect on the degree of in‐stent stenosis. And (4) to evaluate whether there is a difference in the embolization rate of treated aneurysms between atorvastatin treatment and placebo at 1 year after flow diverter implantation. 2. Research hypothesis Atorvastatin treatment can effectively prevent cerebrovascular adverse events in patients with unruptured intracranial aneurysms treated with flow diverter implantation. 3. Study design This study was a multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, superiority clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of oral atorvastatin in the prevention of postoperative cerebrovascular events in patients with unruptured intracranial aneurysms treated with flow diverters. Subjects press 1: Patients were followed up at postoperative day, discharge day, 30±3 days, 180±7 days, and 12±1 month. Neurological examination and mRS Scores were evaluated by observers at each follow‐up period. According to the clinical symptoms and scores of the subjects, the observer decided whether to conduct further CT/CTA, MR/MRA, and DSA to confirm whether there were cerebrovascular events. 4. Study subjects Patients 18 to 75 years of age who had a diagnosed unruptured intracranial aneurysm and were intended to be treated with a flow diverter met all the inclusion criteria and none of the exclusion criteria. According to the PLUS study, the incidence of cerebrovascular events after the treatment of intracranial aneurysms with flow diverter device was 35.8%, which was used as the reference level. Combined with the retrospective analysis of our center, the incidence of cerebrovascular events was expected to be less than 13%, which was better than 10% of the control group. When the power was 80%, the sample size estimation formula for superiority design of qualitative variables was used, and the dropout rate was estimated to be 15%. 193 patients were required to be recruited in each group, and a total of 386 patients were enrolled in the two groups 4.1 Diagnostic Criteria Unruptured intracranial aneurysms were confirmed by CTA or MRA or DSA. 4.2 Inclusion Criteria 1. male or non‐pregnant women aged 18‐75 years; 2. Unruptured IA confirmed by CTA, MRA or DSA; 3. IA size ranged from 3 mm to 25mm; 4. Patients and/or their authorized persons can understand the purpose of the study, voluntarily participate in and sign informed consent; 5. patients who could be treated with flow diverter implantation according to the evaluation of the investigator; 6. patients who were willing to be followed up and evaluated according to the clinical research protocol. 4.3 Exclusion Criteria 1. Patients with contraindications to atorvastatin treatment or patients with oral allergy to atorvastatin; 2. female patients in preparation for pregnancy, pregnancy, or lactation. 3. patients with other cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases except intracranial aneurysms. 4. patients with long‐term oral atorvastatin therapy before surgery (continuous use of atorvastatin for more than 1 month). 5. patients with ruptured IA or patients with previous surgical treatment for IA. 6. taking transport protein inhibitors, cyclosporine, protease inhibitors, other lipid‐lowering products (fibrates, ezetimibe, evolocumab), antacids, erythromycin, cytochrome P450 enzymes, colchicine and other concomitant drugs that interact with atorvastatin metabolism. 7. patients with multiple intracranial aneurysms requiring treatment of ≥2 intracranial aneurysms within 1 year; 8. patients with blood blister‐like aneurysm, fusiform aneurysm, dissecting aneurysm, pseudoaneurysm, infectious aneurysm, arteriovenous malformation related aneurysm, moyamoya disease related aneurysm. 9. known severe allergy to contrast media or to anticoagulant, antiplatelet drugs, anesthetic drugs, Nitinol alloy Patients with established allergies or contraindications. 10. patients who were not suitable for intravenous anesthesia or tracheal intubation general anesthesia according to the evaluation of anesthesiologists. 11. patients who did not understand or were unwilling to undergo follow‐up evaluation as required by the clinical research protocol. 12. life expectancy <3 years. 13. patients who were participating in clinical trials of other drugs or medical devices. 5.Blind method The trial drug "atorvastatin calcium tablets 20mg" was white oval film coated tablets, tasteless. In the control group, "starch mimic tablet 20mg" was used as a white oval film coated tablet. The outer packaging of the drug was aluminum blister eye packaging. In order to ensure the blinding of the investigators and subjects during the execution of the trial, the unblinded personnel responsible for the administration and configuration of the trial drug will sign a confidentiality agreement. The investigators, other blinded investigators, subjects, and the sponsor will not have access to any information about the group assignment and related documents of the trial drug. 6.Endpoints Primary outcome measures: 6.1Efficacy endpoint: no new cerebrovascular adverse events within 1 year. Including new cases caused by various reasons: ① hemorrhagic stroke; (New cerebral hemorrhage confirmed by head CT) ② ischemic stroke; (Neurological impairment more than 24 hours after onset or new acute cerebral infarction lesion confirmed by imaging) ③ Angiographic follow‐up at 12±1 month, degree of in‐stent stenosis ≥50% (measured by WASID method) Secondary end points: 6.2 Safety endpoint: no new moderate or serious adverse events within 1 year. Meet one of the following conditions: ① Muscle‐related adverse events (sports, trauma and other injuries were excluded); ② new‐onset diabetes; ③ Dyspepsia or abdominal pain (unexplained for other reasons); ④ gallbladder‐related adverse events; ⑤ Heavy bleeding. ⑥ all other patients who met the definition of moderate or serious adverse events. ⑦ Diagnosis of new cancers; (8) new‐onset neurocognitive disorders; ⑨ Cataract. 1. All‐cause mortality events (within 1 year) 2. Incident ischemic stroke events (within 1 year) 3. New hemorrhagic stroke events (within 1 year) 4. New stent thrombosis events (within 1 year) 5. New symptomatic stenosis events (within 1 year) 6. In‐stent stenosis (stenosis ≥50% by WASID method) occurred at the 12th ±1 month of angiographic follow‐up. 7. Degree of in‐stent stenosis (as measured by WASID method) at the 12th ±1 month annual angiographic follow‐up Target aneurysm embolization rate at 12±1 month annual angiographic follow‐up (Raymond and OKM classification)
 A pilot randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of a physiological (step) versus a standard action (slope) labour progress lines on the rate of spontaneous vaginal birth amongst low risk women in labour for the first time;  INTERVENTION: The 'physiological' partogram is a visual tool that uses a graduated (stepped) line to indicate whether cervical dilatation, determined by vaginal assessment at regular intervals, is slower than a mean of 0.5cm per hour. CONDITION: Normal Labour PRIMARY OUTCOME: Completeness of data collection for secondary outcomes and proportion lost to follow‐up Compliance with the trial interventions and reasons for non‐compliance assessed using chart audit and a tool specifically designed for the study Number of women recruited, proportion of potentially eligible women recruited and reasons women are not recruited SECONDARY OUTCOME: A composite of serious adverse outcomes for the infant defined as: Infant death (any fetal death after study entry or death of a live born infant within 7 days of age; or serious infant morbidity defined as, one or more of the following: active resuscitation, which includes intubation/cardiac massage and/or the need to ventilate; Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE) 2 or 3 and /or seizures under 48 hours; Apgar score equals 4 at 5 minutes; cord pH less than 7.18 and /or base deficit greater than ‐10 (arterial cord blood taken in scenarios where cord blood sampling would normally be collected); admission to special care or neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) greater than 4 days; need for inspired oxygen greater than 30% and/or the need for Continuous Positive Airways Pressure (CPAP) or invasive ventilation; proven systemic infection in first 48 hours of life (treated with antibiotics) (excluding lethal congenital anomalies). Proportion of women having a Spontaneous Vaginal Birth (SVB) Proportion of women having a primary postpartum haemorrhage (> 1500mL) Proportion of women having an operative birth (forceps, vacuum extraction or Caesarean Section) and primary indication Proportion of women receiving an artificial rupture of membranes Proprtion of women requiring oxytocic augmentation clinician compliance with partogram use assessed through chart audit INCLUSION CRITERIA: Nulliparous women in spontaneous labour who are: * At term (between 37 and 41 weeks plus 6 days gestation) with a singleton pregnancy, a cephalic (head down) presentation and cervical dilatation of 4cm or greater * Equal to or greater than 18 years of age and able to provide informed consent * Defined as ‘low risk’ i.e. no history of: stillbirth or neonatal death, three or more consecutive miscarriages, previous fetal death in utero, previous preterm birth (less than 32 weeks), previous mid‐trimester loss/cervical incompetence/cone biopsy/known uterine anomaly, previous early onset of pre‐eclampsia (less than 32 weeks gestation), or rhesus iso‐immunisation; no complications during the current pregnancy (such as multiple pregnancy or fetal abnormality); and no precluding medical conditions (such as cardiac disease, essential hypertension, renal disease, pre‐existing diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, epilepsy, severe asthma, substance use, signifi
 Exposure to improved nutrition from conception to age 2 years and adult cardiometabolic disease risk: a modelling study;  BACKGROUND: Low‐income and middle‐income countries with populations that are chronically undernourished in early life are undergoing a nutrition transition and are experiencing an epidemic of cardiometabolic disease. These dual burdens are thought to be causally related; therefore, the extent to which improvements in early‐life nutrition can offset adult‐onset disease is important. The aim of this study was to examine whether improvement of protein‐energy nutrition from conception to age 2 years can attenuate the risk of cardiometabolic disease. METHODS: We followed up a cohort of 2392 individuals born between Jan 1, 1962, and Feb 28, 1977, in four villages in Guatemala who had participated in a cluster‐randomised protein‐energy nutritional supplementation (Atole) trial. Of 1661 participants available for follow‐up from Feb 26, 2015, to April 29, 2017, we studied 684 women and 455 men. We assessed cardiometabolic disease risk at ages 37‐54 years using anthropometry, fasting and post‐challenge glucose, fasting lipid concentrations, and blood pressure. We used generalised linear and logistic regression modelling to estimate the effect of Atole from conception to age 2 years (the first 1000 days) on cardiometabolic disease risk. FINDINGS: Exposure to Atole from conception to age 2 years was associated with increased fatness (body‐mass index [1·29 kg/m2, 95% CI 0·08 to 2·50], body fat [1·73%, 0·20 to 3·26], and obesity [odds ratio 1·94, 1·11 to 3·40]), diastolic blood pressure (1·59 mm Hg, ‐0·74 to 3·92), and blood lipids (total cholesterol [10·10 mg/dL, 0·80 to 19·40] and non‐HDL cholesterol [10·41 mg/dL, 1·51 to 19·31]), reduced post‐challenge glucose (‐5·84 mg/dL, ‐12·51 to 0·83), and reduced odds of diabetes (odds ratio 0·46, 0·21 to 0·97). We found stratum heterogeneity by sex in pooled models for non‐HDL cholesterol (4·34 mg/dL, 95% CI ‐6·86 to 15·55 for women vs 19·84 mg/dL, 5·86 to 33·82 for men) and post‐challenge glucose (‐0·19 mg/dL, ‐8·63 to 8·24 for women vs ‐13·10 mg/dL, ‐23·64 to ‐2·56 for men). p values for interaction of sex and exposure to Atole from conception to age 2 years were 0·09 and 0·04, respectively. INTERPRETATION: Improved protein‐energy nutrition from conception to the 2nd birthday reduced the odds of diabetes at ages 37‐54 years; however, this protein‐energy supplementation also increased the risk of obesity and several obesity‐related conditions. Our findings suggest a mixed ability of protein‐energy nutritional supplementation in early life to prevent adult cardiometabolic disease incidence in the context of high childhood stunting and high adult overweight and obesity. FUNDING: National Institutes of Health.
 Costs and effects of a structured lifestyle program in overweight and obese subfertile couples to prevent unnecessary treatment and improve reproductive outcome.;Titel follow-up: -WOMB women - Preconception lifestyle intervention: does it affect long term female health? -WOMB kids - Preconception lifestyle intervention: does it affect offspring*s health?;  INTERVENTION: The intervention consists of a structured lifestyle program of si Xmonths, which aims a realistic weight loss of at least 5% to10%, achieved by the combination of a healthy diet (caloric reduction of 600kCal/day), increase of physical activity (aiming at 10.000 steps per day) and two to three times a week sporting activity, and behavioural modification. The structured lifestyle program, in which practice variation is minimized using a structured software program, has been developed, used and evaluated previously (Zon‐MW project 50‐50110‐98‐078; the Groninger Overweight And Lifestyle study (GOAL)). Following si Xmonths of lifestyle intervention patients will start fertility treatment as indicated in the *usual care* group. In the *usual care* arm fertility treatment will be started if this is justified by the individual prognosis (guideline NVOG) All randomised women will fill in questionnaires concerning: diet, eating behaviour, physical activity: SF‐36, FFQ, DEBQ, Squash list, at inclusion, and at 12 weeks, 6 months, 12 months and 24 months after randomisation. Both groups will fill in questionnaires concerning: costs and fysical activity. CONDITION: ; subfertility and overweight 10010273 10013356 10014701 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary endpoint will be: a healthy singleton of more than 37 week ; gestation born after vaginal delivery. The initial analysis, will be done by ; intention to treat, so we will not make a difference for treatment independent ; pregnancies and pregnancies that occurred after treatment. ; ; Primary endpoint of the follow‐up is BMI.; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subfertile women with a BMI between 29 kg/m² and 40 kg/m². Women have to be between 18 and 38 years old. Subfertility is defined as failure to conceive within 12 months of unprotected intercourse in couples where the woman has an ovulatory cycle, as well as couples where the women suffers from chronic anovulation due to WHO I or II or PCO. ;For the follow‐up study WOMB kids, singletons of women included in the Lifestyle study that are conceived within 24 months follow‐up are included. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcome parameters are: ; 1. pregnancy outcome and ‐complications: miscarriage, gestational diabetes, ; Pregnancy induced hypertension, preeclampsia, HELLP, prematurity<37 weeks, ; macrosomia> 4200 grams, induction of labour, prolonged duration of labour, ; operative delivery, and increased blood loss, and multiple pregnancies ; 2. percentage of women needing fertility treatment in both groups (OI, IUI, ; IVF, ICSI) and ongoing pregnancy rates in these treatments. ; 3. Quality and number of oocytes and embryos and cryo embryos resulting from an ; IVF or ICSI procedure. ; 4. perinatal outcome: stillbirth, pregnancy duration, body weight and health of ; neonate, neonatal admission. ; 5. quality of life, pre‐pregnancy body weight, weight gain during pregnancy, ; waist circumference, behaviour influencing weight, i.e. nutritional habits and ; exercise pattern, blood pressure, glucose/insulin ratio (HOMA), hormonal and ; cytokine profile and costs. ; ; ; ECONOMIC EVALUATION: The aim of the economic evaluation is to compare the costs ; and health effects of a lifestyle program versus *usual care*. The analysis ; will be a cost‐effectiveness analysis with the proportion of healthy singleton ; of more than 37 week gestation born after vaginal delivery as the primary ; outcome. ; ; Secondary endpoints of the follow‐up women is (WOMB women): ; Anthropometrics and body composition ; Cardio metabolic health ; General health ; Reproductive health ; Mental health ; Physical activity ; Diet and dietary habits ; ; Secondary endpoints of the follow‐up children is (WOMB kids): ; Anthropometrics and body composition at 3‐5 years. ; Cardio metabolic health at 3‐5 years. ; Child*s health between 0 and 3‐5 years. ; Child*s growth pattern between 0 and 3‐5 years. ; Child*s development and behavior at 3‐5 years. ; Child*s lifestyle (diet and sleep pattern) at 3‐5 years. ; Child's cardiovascular structure and function at 7‐8 years. ;
 The effect of educational-supportive counseling on the desire to redundant childbearing, couples' sexual intimacy and fear of childbirth;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: They will receive educational‐supportive counseling in 3 sessions of 90 minutes. Intervention 2: Control group: This group will only receive routine clinic care and will not receive other services and interventions. And in order to comply with the ethical principles, all the contents of the counseling sessions will be made available to all people in the control group after the end of the study. CONDITION: Condition 1: sexual intimacy. Condition 2: fear of child birth. ; Other sexual disorders ; Fear of other medical care F40.232 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fear of childbirth score from Vizhma and Rose questionnaire. Timepoint: before the start of the intervention and two weeks after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Fear of childbirth score from Vizhma and Rose questionnaire. Sexual intimacy score of couples. Timepoint: before the intervention and two weeks after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Bagaroozi sexual intimacy questionnaire and sexual intimacy scale. The percentage of people whose answer to the question of their desire to have children again is yes. Timepoint: Before the intervention and two weeks after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Ask a question and get a yes or no answer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Being at least 18 years old in men Age 18 to 35 years in pregnant women Not having a history of infertility in men and women Cohabitation with spouse Ability to read and write Having no history of any physical‐psychological disorder or addiction to smoking, alcohol, or drugs in men and women Monogamy and Iranian race The experience of becoming a father for the first time No history of pregnancy Having a gestational age of 16‐25 weeks Absence of obstetric prohibitions for intercourse (such as placenta previa, bleeding during pregnancy and threat of abortion or premature birth) Having a low‐risk singleton pregnancy Not suffering from chronic diseases (heart, lung, kidney, blood pressure, diabetes, etc.) Failure to participate in childbirth preparation classes
 The effect of Vitamin D and calcium plus vitamin D for leg cramps in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The first intervention group will receive1000 units vitamin D daily for 60 days. Intervention 2: The second intervention group will receive 300 mg carbonate calcium plus 1000 units vitamin D daily for 60 days. Intervention 3: The control group will receive 500 mg placebo tablet daily for 60 days. Placebo tablets contain avisel, lactose and starch. Placebo The control group will receive 500 mg placebo tablet daily for 60 days. Placebo tablets contain avisel, lactose and starch. The first intervention group will receive1000 units vitamin D daily for 60 days. The second intervention group will receive 300 mg carbonate calcium plus 1000 units vitamin D daily for 60 days. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Leg cramps in pregnant women. ; Pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium Pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of leg cramps. Timepoint: Before intervention, 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: According to minute. Severity of leg cramps. Timepoint: Before interventions, 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analog Scale (VAS). The number of leg cramps. Timepoint: Before interventions, 4 and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Daily counts. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric indices. Timepoint: After delivery. Method of measurement: Newborn growth monitoring form. Cesarean delivery. Timepoint: After delivery. Method of measurement: Frequency. Preterm labor. Timepoint: after delivery. Method of measurement: Frequency. Sleep quality scores. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women with gestational age of 25‐30 weeks aged 18 to 35 years old; having Leg cramps at least twice a week; being literate. Exclusion criteria: Having known thyroid, cardio‐vascular, diabetes or renal diseases; intake of calcium and vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy; having allergy history to studied drugs.
 Diet and Physical Activity Counseling and n3-long Chain (PUFA) Supplementation in Obese Pregnant Women;  Obesity and related non‐communicable chronic diseases (NCDs: cardiovascular diseases, cancer and diabetes) represent the main causes of death and disability in Chile as well as worldwide. They account for an important proportion of health‐care costs and loss of productivity, overloading a country's economy, particularly in developing countries. From a population perspective, it is now clear that preventing the emergence of these conditions is the most effective approach; however most of the current policies fail to incorporate scientific knowledge and thus, are not effective or sustainable. There is now compelling evidence that although obesity and NCDs are mainly observed in adulthood, the risk for most of these conditions originates in the first 1000‐days of life (i.e. from pregnancy to two years old). Maternal lifestyle and conditions during pregnancy (e.g. maternal obesity) could affect not only future maternal health, but also risk for NCDs in the next generation. Therefore, pregnancy is a critical window in the implementation of NCDs prevention strategies. Most of the interventions on diet and physical activity (PA) during pregnancy have focused on decreasing gestational weight gain (GWG). Recent meta‐analyses of interventions have demonstrated that lifestyle interventions during pregnancy can have a positive effect on GWG. Beyond lifestyle interventions, other dietary interventions have been proposed such as probiotics, vitamin D or n‐3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3LC‐PUFAs) supplementation. Regarding n3LC‐PUFAs, differences in plasma fatty acid profiles between women with gestational diabetes (GDM) and women without GDM suggest a possible alteration in fatty acid metabolism in GDM. Data from systematic reviews show a consistent association between marine or algae oil supplementation with higher length of gestation, improvement in maternal mood and neural development. Nonetheless, few interventions on diet and PA have focused on metabolic control in obese women and their impacts have not been consistent. Additionally, few intervention studies have explored the effect of n3LC‐PUFAs supplementation on pregnant women in the incidence of GDM, with no studies conducted in obese pregnant women. Therefore, combining an n3LC‐PUFAs supplementation with a lifestyle intervention could enhance the metabolic control of obese pregnant women. We propose to evaluate the effects of an n3LC‐PUFAs supplementation intervention among obese pregnant women (independently and combined with a diet and physical activity intervention) on metabolic control in mothers and their offspring. In 2013 we started in 12 primary health clinics (PHCC) of the South East area of Santiago Chile a cluster randomized trial ‐the Chilean Maternal & Infant Nutrition Cohort Study (CHiMINCs)‐ that aims to improve weight control during pregnancy and offspring growth during infancy by enhancing PHCC's maternal and infant weight monitoring systems as well as promoting breastfeeding. In the current study we propose to expand that effort trying to optimize metabolic control of obese pregnant women and their offspring by combining home‐based diet and physical activity counseling and n3LC‐PUFAs supplementation. Women who seek prenatal care in any of the 12 selected PHCC with <14 weeks gestation at first prenatal visit; body mass index (BMI) >30 Kg/m2 at first prenatal visit; have a singleton pregnancy will be asked to participate. We will recruit 1000 women; 250 women per arm of the study. After randomization, obese pregnant women in the intervention group 1 will receive home‐based Diet & Physical activity (PA) counseling plus n3LC‐PUFAs oral supplementation based on Schizochytrium oil (S‐oil) containing 800 mg docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid/day, which will be administered as capsular preparations containing 200 mg DHA/capsule (4 capsules/day). Obese pregnant women in the intervention group 2 will receive the standard education sessions included in the prenatal controls at PHCC but no home‐based counseling sessions, plus n3LC‐PUFAs supplementation of 800 mg of DHA. Obese pregnant women in the intervention group 3 will receive the home‐based diet & PA counseling sessions plus n3LC‐PUFAs placebo that will consist of S‐oil containing 200 mg DHA/day. Placebo will be administered as capsular preparations containing 50 mg DHA/capsule (4 capsules/day), given that evidence suggests that it would be unethical not to provide DHA during pregnancy. Placebo will be delivered in the same way that the n3LC‐PUFA supplementation. The control group will receive routine diet & PA PHCC counseling sessions plus placebo (4 capsules of 50 mg DHA per day). Measurements will be collected at baseline (<14 weeks of pregnancy), mid‐pregnancy (24‐28 weeks), and at delivery. Baseline and 24‐28 weeks measurements will be carried out at home. Analyses will be done according both to the "intention‐to‐treat" (i.e. effectiveness approach) and "per protocol" (i.e. efficacy approach) principles. In accordance with the 2×2 factorial design, the diet & PA intervention (Intervention Groups 1 and 3) will be compared to the routine care intervention (Intervention Groups 2 and Control Group) and the n3LC‐PUFAs supplementation intervention (Intervention Groups 1 and 2) will be compared to placebo (Intervention Group 3 and Control Group). To evaluate the effects of the two combined interventions the outcomes in each of the 3 intervened groups will be compared between them and with the outcomes in the control group. We expect that the intervention will contribute to achieving a better metabolic control during pregnancy. Ultimately, we expect that this study will contribute to advance the understanding of how to develop and implement effective actions to promote healthier pregnancies and therefore, healthier lives for mothers and their offsprings.
 Study to Assess the Effect of Metformin Supplementation on IVF Outcome in Patients With Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome;  Polycystic ovary syndrome is the common cause of the female infertility that features insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia participate in the reproductive as well as metabolic disturbances. In many studies, metformin treatment reduces androgen levels and attenuates hyperinsulinemia in women with PCOS. This favorable effect on insulin and androgens levels, justifies the use of metformin in reproductive disturbances in PCOS women. Metformin treatment was shown to diminish ovarian androgen secretion, while lowering insulin levels in women with PCOS. In women with PCOS, metformin treatment may increase ovulation, improve menstrual cyclicity, and reduce seum androgen levels. Metformin has direct effects on the ovary and also reduces the level of insulin that act upon the ovary. It has been indicated that metformin has direct, insulin‐independent actions on theca cell steroidogenesis, because in human ovarian theca‐like tumor cells, metformin suppressed androstenedione production. Metformin also exert a direct effect on granulosa cells and subsequent reduction of steroid production. Metformin was shown to improve endothelium dependent vasodilation in insulin resistant patients and potentially protect against atherogenesis and cardiovascular disease. Considering gonadotropin ovulation induction or IVF in women with PCOS, metformin coadministration improves the pregnancy outcome and reduces the risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome. Metformin therapy throughout pregnancy can reduce the risk of early miscarriage or the incidence of gestational diabetes. All patients were pretreated for 3 weeks with monophasic oral contraceptive (OC)(Yasmin; Bayer Schering Pharma, Berlin, Germany) before COS. Five days after OC discontinuation, COS for IVF/ICSI was commenced. GnRH antagonist protocol was used for COS in all subjects. Patients were randomly allocated into the metformin or control groups, using sealed envelopes.
 Thiazolidinedione (TZD) on the Diabetic Retinopathy and Nephropathy;  The effects of thiazolidinedione on the diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy: Overall Goal and Specific Aims The overall goal of this study is to examine the effects of thiazolidinediones on the diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy. The specific aims are: 1. To investigate the short‐term effects of thiazolidinediones on the macular thickness measured by optical coherence tomography and the long‐term effects of thiazolidinediones on the clinically significant macular edema and diabetic retinopathy documented by color photography and fluoroscein angiography. 2. Short‐term effects of thiazolidinediones on the change of urine albumin excretion and serum cardiovascular risk profiles and long‐term effects of thiazolidinediones on the estimated GFR change and progression to overt diabetic nephropathy. Objectives Thiazolidinediones (TZDs) are insulin sensitizers that decrease plasma glucose in type 2 diabetic patients. Thiazolidinediones can cause fluid retention and peripheral edema in diabetic patients, and the systematic fluid retention can be manifested as diabetic macular edema (DME). The overall goal of this study is to examine the effects of thiazolidinediones on the diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy. Study design This is a prospective, randomized, open‐labeled, controlled design to assess the effects thiozolidinediones on the diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy. The investigators will recruit 300 type 2 diabetic patients without significant retinopathy, nephropathy and cardiovascular disease. Inclusion criteria are type 2 diabetes, age between 30‐80 years old, with microabluminuria, no significant retinopathy, on submaximal dose of sulphonylureas and metformin treatment, and A1C between 7‐9%. Exclusion criteria are on insulin treatment, significant retinopathy and significant nephropathy. Patients with cardiovascular diseases, malignancy, pregnancy, in acute intercurrent illness, congestive heart failure, myocardial infarction, received PCI or CABG. All subjects will receive EKG and CXR before randomization. These subjects will be randomized equally to 3 groups: acarbose, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone. The investigators will follow up for 6 months to investigate the short‐term effects and 5 years to evaluate the long‐term outcomes. The primary study end point of short‐term study will be the macular thickness changes measured by optical coherence tomography, the changes in the level of urinary albumin‐to‐creatinine ratio, circulating metabolic parameters and adipocytokines during thiozolidinediones treatment. Secondary end point will be fasting blood glucose, A1C levels, development of clinically significant macular edema, serum creatinine change in patients with no history of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy at baseline. The primary study end point of long‐term study will be the development of clinically significant macular edema and the time from the base‐line visit to the first detection of overt nephropathy. Secondary end points include the development of greater than moderate NPDR, the time to the first event of the time from the base‐line visit to a doubling of the serum creatinine concentration, end‐stage renal disease, or death. The investigators also monitor the long‐term safety issue, such as congestive heart failure, myocardial infarction, any cardiovascular event, and fracture. Expected Results TZDs can decrease plasma glucose in type 2 diabetic patients, but the major side effects are able to cause fluid retention. This prospective study will be able to test whether thiozolidinediones causes macular edema and to evaluate whether thiozolidinediones delays onset of diabetic retinopathy. The investigators also will be able to find the changes in the level of urinary albumin‐to‐creatinine ratio, circulating metabolic parameters and adipocytokines between the treatment of TZDs and Acrbose. The investigators can compare the time from the base‐line visit to the first detection of overt nephropathy, the time to the first event of the composite end point of the time from the base‐line visit to a doubling of the serum creatinine concentration, end‐stage renal disease, or death.
 Metformin Therapy in Non-diabetic AAA Patients;  DESIGN / PHASE Prospective, single‐center, randomized, parallel group, double‐blind, placebo controlled, phase IIa study STUDY PLANNED DURATION First patient First visit Year 1 1Q Last patient First visit Year 2 4Q Last patient Last visit Year 3 2Q CENTER(S) ‐ COUNTRY(IES) 1 center in 1 country Austria PATIENTS / GROUPS 170 patients in 2 groups 85 patients per group Randomization ratio 1:1 Stratification for hypertension, age, smoking habit, sex INCLUSION CRITERIA ‐ Infrarenal AAA of 3.0‐4.9 cm maximum diameter EXCLUSION CRITERIA ‐ premenopausal female patients with a pregnancy possibility ‐ patients with diabetes ‐ indication for surgical AAA repair ‐ life expectancy <2 years ‐ contraindications for metformin, i.e. severely reduced kidney function (eGFR <30 ml/min), liver dysfunction, pancreatitis, alcohol abuse, malnutrition and decompensated heart failure STUDY PERIODS ‐ 1‐2 year recruitment ‐ 1 year treatment ‐ 12 month follow‐up INVESTIGATIONAL DRUG Metformin: initial dose: 500 mg 1‐0‐1 target dose: 1000 mg 1‐0‐1 COMPARATIVE DRUG /CONTROL CONDITION Placebo Initial and target dose: tablets 1‐0‐1 CONCOMITANT MEDICATION Allowed (standard of care) EFFICACY ENDPOINTS AAA growth (in maximum diameter) over 1 year TOLERABILITY / SAFETY surgery when AAA>5.5 cm for men, > 5 cm for women Metformin Therapy for AAA Department of Surgery, Division of Vascular Surgery Medical University of Vienna, Austria ENDPOINTS adverse drug reactions liver insufficiency sustained reduction of kidney function with glomeral filtration rate <30 mg/dl (upon temporary renal insufficiency, infections, exsiccosis, diarrhea and lactic acidosis, metformin treatment will only be paused) PHARMACOKINETIC / PHARMACODYNAMIC ENDPOINTS ‐ glucose ‐ insulin ‐ Interleukin‐6 ‐ markers of neutrophil activation (MPO, elastase, NGAL) QUALITY OF LIFE / PHARMACOECONOMIC ENDPOINTS gastrointestinal discomfort (as assessed in the initial drop‐out phase for patient exclusion) STATISTICAL METHODOLOGY Primary Endpoint AAA growth at 12 months in mm Null and alternative hypotheses: H0: Metformin does not reduce AAA growth H1: Metformin reduces AAA growth from mean 1.7 to 0.4 mm per year Type‐I and ‐II errors: Significance: 5% Power: 80% 1.7±3.3 mm (mean±SD) without Metformin and 0.4±2.3 mm (mean±SD) with Metformin treatment Sample size calculation 77 per group plus 16 patients drop out Total N= 170 Statistical methodology Main analysis set: per protocol Primary endpoint: analysis of covariance adjusted for baseline AAA diameter Pharmacokinetic endpoints: analysis of covariance adjusted for baseline value. Parametric assumptions will be graphically checked with histograms. In case of non‐normal distributions analysis of covariance will be performed after a logarithmic or rank transformation. Safety endpoints will be described by cumulative incidence curves
 Liraglutide and Metformin Combination on Weight Loss, Metabolic - Endocrine Parameters and Pregnancy Rate in Women With PCOS, Obesity and Infertility;  The drug, liraglutide 3.0 mg was approved for chronic weight management in management in obese adults with an initial BMI of 30 kg/m2 or greater or in overweight adults BMI of 27 kg/m2 or greater with at least one weight‐related co‐morbid condition as an adjunct to a reduced‐calorie diet and increased physical activity. Liraglutide is an acylated human glucagon‐like peptide ‐1 (GLP‐1) analog that binds to and activates the GLP‐1 receptor. It lowers body weight through decreased caloric intake while stimulating insulin secretion and reducing glucagon via a glucose‐dependent mechanism. For obesity management, patients may lose weight with GLP‐1 receptor agonists due to other unique actions. Glucagon‐like peptide‐1 receptor agonists (GLP‐1RAs) can slow gastric emptying and increase satiety. While predictors of weight loss success for the general population are available (protein intake, weight loss medications), predictors of weight loss success may differ between normal and hyperandrogenic women. Glucagon‐like peptide 1 agonists are linked with dose dependent weight lowering potential in different obesity related populations. The weight loss effects of GLP‐1RAs previously demonstrated in diabetic and obese non‐diabetic patients, offer a unique opportunity to expand the medical options available to patients with PCOS. Metformin was recommended for women with PCOS and obesity (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2) or at metabolic risks and shown beneficial effects on menstrual disorders, anovulation, hyperandrogenism, and cardiovascular abnormalities. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of liraglutide in combination with metformin compared to metformin alone on weight reduction, the multifaceted metabolic ‐ endocrine disturbances, and oocyte and embryo quality, IVF PRs and cumulative PRs (IVF and spontaneous pregnancies) in infertile obese women with PCOS who had been previously poor responders to weight reduction with lifestyle modification.
 Effect of an educational package on nutritional knowledge, beliefs and behaviors in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: Control group: implementation of a sex education package, i.e. at first, group education will be conducted in groups with 5‐11 women in the selected health centers in two sessions, approximately sixty minutes each session, once a week for two consecutive weeks. One of the research team members, a midwife with special short education in sexual health in pregnancy, will teach at the sessions using an educational book written by the research team. The book will be given to the pregnant women at the end of the first session. The women will be asked to study the book (themselves and their husbands) till the second educational session and ask their questions in the session. The subjects and their husbands can also get telephone counseling about sexual health. Intervention 1: Intervention group: implementation of a nutritional education package, i.e. at first, group education will be conducted in groups with 5‐11 women in the selected health centers in two sessions, approximately sixty minutes each session, once a week for two consecutive weeks. One of the research team members, a midwife, will teach at the sessions using an educational book written by the research team. The book will be given to the pregnant women at the end of the first session. The women will be asked to study the book (themselves and their husbands) till the second educational session and ask their questions in the session. The subjects can also get telephone counseling about nutrition. Intervention 2: Control group: implementation of a sex education package, i.e. at first, group education will be conducted in groups with 5‐11 women in the selected health centers in two sessions, approximately sixty minutes each session, once a week for two consecutive weeks. One of the research team members, a midwife with special short education in sexual health in pregnancy, will teach at the sessions using an educational book written by the research team. The book will be given to the pregnant women at the end of the first session. The women will be asked to study the book (themselves and their husbands) till the second educational session and ask their questions in the session. The subjects and their husbands can also get telephone counseling about sexual health. Intervention group: implementation of a nutritional education package, i.e. at first, group education will be conducted in groups with 5‐11 women in the selected health centers in two sessions, approximately sixty minutes each session, once a week for two consecutive weeks. One of the research team members, a midwife, will teach at the sessions using an educational book written by the research team. The book will be given to the pregnant women at the end of the first session. The women will be asked to study the book (themselves and their husbands) till the second educational session and ask their questions in the session. The subjects can also get telephone counseling about nutrition. Lifestyle CONDITION: Nutrition during pregnancy. ; Supervision of normal pregnancy Supervision of normal pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Knowledge, bliefs and behaviors of nutrition on pregnant women. Timepoint: Before intervention, one month after intervention,in 24‐28 weeks of pregnancy,in 36‐40 weeks of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Through self‐made questionnaire. Exclusion criteria: termination of pregnancy for any reason within 6 weeks after the second educational session. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Child birth weight. Timepoint: Within the 12 hours after birth. Method of measurement: Weight recorded in the summary birth record. Weight gain of mother. Timepoint: Before intervention, one month after intervention,in 24‐28 weeks of pregnancy,in 36‐40 weeks of pregnancy. Method of measurement: Recorded weight gain in the health record. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: pregnant women in 8‐14 weeks of pregnancy; having health records in Karaj city health centers; willing to stay in Karaj, Iran during pregnancy; no history of known chronic disorders such as: cardiovascular, renal, respiratory, gastrointestinal, blood, autoimmune, diabetes, lupus, thyroid, epilepsy, chronic hypertension, cancer; no history of bleeding and threatened abortion, multiple pregnancy, PROM and preterm delivery, severe nausea and vomiting in pregnancy, intrauterine growth retardation, preclampsia, gestational diabetes and infertility; not being smoker, alcohol and drug user and having six years or more school education
 Fetal growth restriction results in remodeled and less efficient hearts in children;  BACKGROUND: Fetal growth restriction (FGR) affects 5% to 10% of newborns and is associated with increased cardiovascular mortality in adulthood. The most commonly accepted hypothesis is that fetal metabolic programming leads secondarily to diseases associated with cardiovascular disease, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. Our main objective was to evaluate the alternative hypothesis that FGR induces primary cardiac changes that persist into childhood. METHODS AND RESULTS: Within a cohort of fetuses with growth restriction identified in fetal life and followed up into childhood, we randomly selected 80 subjects with FGR and compared them with 120 normally grown fetuses, matched for gender, birth date, and gestational age at birth. Cardiovascular assessment was performed in childhood (mean age of 5 years). Compared with control subjects, children with FGR had a different cardiac shape, with increased transversal diameters and more globular cardiac ventricles. Although left ejection fraction was similar among the study groups, stroke volume was reduced significantly, which was compensated for by an increased heart rate to maintain output in severe FGR. This was associated with subclinical longitudinal systolic dysfunction (decreased myocardial peak velocities) and diastolic changes (increased E/E' ratio and E deceleration time). Children with FGR also had higher blood pressure and increased intima‐media thickness. For all parameters evaluated, there was a linear increase with the severity of growth restriction. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that FGR induces primary cardiac and vascular changes that could explain the increased predisposition to cardiovascular disease in adult life. If these results are confirmed, the impact of strategies with beneficial effects on cardiac remodeling should be explored in children with FGR.
 COMPARISON OF ORAL POTASSIUM BINDERS IN ACUTE HYPERKALEMIA;  Acute hyperkalemia is associated with increased cardiovascular events and prolonged hospital stays. The KBindER (K+ Binders in Emergency Room and hospitalized patients) clinical trial is the first head‐to‐head evaluation of oral potassium binders (cation‐exchange resins) in acute hyperkalemia therapy (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT04585542). Interim analysis from 26 participants is presented here. ER and hospitalized patients presenting with serum potassium 5.5 mEq/L were randomized to sodium polystyrene sulfonate (SPS), patiromer, sodium zirconium cyclosilicate (SZC), or nonspecific laxative control polyethylene glycol (PEG). Exclusion criteria included history of bowel surgery, ileus, diabetic ketoacidosis, and pregnancy. As part of the pragmatic study design, temporizing measures (e.g., insulin/dextrose, albuterol nebulizer, loop diuretic) were allowed per discretion of the attending physician. Follow‐up labs were checked at 2 hr and 4 hr after treatment to determine change in serum potassium (∆K) from baseline. Mean ∆K across groups was analyzed using ANOVA. Mean age was 59±16 years (mean±SD) and 41% were female. Baseline serum potassium was 5.68±0.19 mEq/L. Oral potassium binder effect was not significantly different at each timepoint. At 4hr, ∆K was ‐0.07±0.44 (PEG, n=6), ‐0.92±0.30 (SPS, n=5), ‐0.63±0.75 (patiromer, n=8) and ‐0.3±0.58 (SZC, n=7), see figure. In interim analysis of the KBindER trial, there was no statistical difference in acute potassium lowering between the oral cation‐exchange resins in acute hyperkalemia patients. Enrollment for the clinical trial is ongoing. [Figure presented]
 Dapagliflozin in Diabetic Patients (Type 2) With Decompensated Heart Failure;  The study will include 100 diabetic patients type 2 patients who will be admitted to care unit with decompensated heart failure.50 patient will receive Dapagliflozin plus insulin (if needed) and Diuretics plus conventional heart failure measures ,the other group will receive insulin for control of blood sugar plus diuretics and anti‐failure measures. Inclusion Criteria: Diabetic patient type 2 with history of chronic heart failure(HFrEF) ,there is no specified inclusion criterion with respect to heart failure etiology and/or ejection fraction. Age more than 18 years Admission for acute decompensated heart failure The patient already on an oral loop diuretic for at least 1 month before admission, at a dose between 40 mg and 80 mg daily in the case of furosemide and an equivalent dose in the case of a different loop diuretic (20 mg of Torsemide will be considered to be equivalent to 40 mg of furosemide. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Other etiologies of fluid overload different from heart failure. 2. Hyponatremia: Sodium level below 125mmol/l 3. Unstable patients: acute coronary syndrome, cardiogenic shock . 4. Patients requiring inotropic agents or renal dialysis. 5. Pregnancy or breastfeeding period. 6. sever hepatic disease 7. GFR (Glomerular Filtration Rate) is less than 45 mL/min/1.73 m² . 8. Patient with diabetic ketoacidosis or non ketotic hyperosmolar. Treatment arm. The patients will receive: Loop diuretics. Diuretics should be administered at doses sufficient to achieve optimal volume status and relieve congestion without inducing an excessively rapid reduction in intravascular volume. furosemide will be given I.V either by continuous infusion or blouses Antifailure treatment: (Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or Angiotensin II Receptor Blockers, Beta Blockers,Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonists, Ivabradine, or others will be individualized according to the patient condition. Dapagliflozin: will be given in a dose of 10mg once daily ( GFR is more than 45 mL/min/1.73 m²) . In Mild or moderate hepatic disease: No dosage adjustment required In Severe hepatic disease: will not be used. Insulin. Insulin therapy should be initiated if blood glucose levels is ≥180 mg/dL (10.0 mmol/L) after initiation of Dapagliflozin treatment. Once insulin therapy is started, a target glucose range of 140‐180 mg/dL (7.8‐10.0 mmol/L) is recommended The use of subcutaneous rapid‐ or short‐acting insulin before meals or every 4‐6 h will be given to correct hyperglycemia according to sliding scale chart. Control arm. The patients will be given Loop diuretics. Anti‐failure treatment. Insulin. All the patients will undergo: 1. Complete echo assessment. 2. ECG on admission and daily. 3. Monitoring:24 hours ECG ,Oxygen saturation and blood pressure monitoring. Complete blood count ,blood urea,serum creatinine,blood sugar,electrolytes ,liver function will be measured on admission 4. Blood sugar ,urea,creatinine,Na, K will be measured daily along the whole days of admission. Follow up parameters Diuresis :24‐hour diuresis will be quantified every 24 hours (during hospitalization) from the 1st day until last day of admission. Patient‐reported dyspnea will be assessed with the use five point Linker scale. diuretic response will be measured by weight loss and net fluid loss per mg . Changes in body weight measurements: the mean of weight lost every 24 hours and the total weight lost from baseline to the last day of hospitalization Renal function will be determined every 24 hours (during hospitalization) from the date of admission until the date of discharge. Renal function is assessed with the serum creatinine level. Worsening renal function is defined as an increase in the serum creatinine level of more than 0.3 mg/dl at any time during hospitalization Electrolyte levels (sodium and potassium) will be determined every 24 hours (during hospitalization) from the date of admission until the date of discharge. Electrolyte levels are assessed with the serum sodium and potassium levels. Patient‐reported dyspnea : Patient‐reported dyspnea is assessed every 24 hours (during hospitalization) from the date of admission until the date of discharge.
 Cardiovascular effects of the perineal muscles contractions in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: Behavioural E01.370.370.140 E01.370.600.875.500 E02.779.483 G03.730 G09.330.380.500.430 The women recruited for this study must be aged between 18 and 40 years, normal body mass index (BMI) for gestational age and have a first or second low‐risk pregnancy. They will also be recruited non‐pregnant women of the same age (18‐ 30 years), sedentary, and with a normal BMI for the control group. All women may not show the presence of pelvic organ prolapse, pelvic surgery history, medications that influence blood pressure and heart rate, presence of cardiovascular, respiratory and metabolic diseases, diabetes, intolerance to palpation (examination) vaginal and inability to perform muscle contraction. The volunteers in this study will be distribuited into three groups (n = 24 per group): Group of pregnant women with training (PT) ‐ Pregnant women who will perform pelvic floor muscles training (PFMT) during pregnancy after recruitment; group of pregnant women without training (PW) ‐ a group of pregnant women not to perform the PMFT; and control group (CG) ‐ the group of not pregnant women. Pregnant women will be distributed in groups with and without training by your own choosing, for ethical issue. Participants will be recruited from the 18th week of pregnancy, which will be distributed by your choice in groups (PT or PW). All pregnant women will be evaluated for the first time at 18 weeks, and women GC will be evaluated only once, to be marked on the first time of recruitment. First, the volunteers will undergo a standard medical history, which will answer questions about their gynecological and obstetrical history, your lifestyle habits, medication use, as well as functional assessment of the pelvic floor muscles. The functional evaluation of the pelvic floor muscles (MAP) will be held through vaginal palpation, perineometer and electromyography. In vaginal palpation is inserted a finger until the second phalanx in the vaginal canal, graduating muscle contraction force of PFM by the modified Oxford scale (Laycock and Jerwood; 2001). The perineometer will be i CONDITION: A01.923.600.600 E01.370.600.875.500 G08.686.785.760.769 G09.330.190.400.090 O00‐O99 Pregnancy, pelvic floor, barroreflex, heart rate ; A01.923.600.600 ; G09.330.190.400.090 ; E01.370.600.875.500 ; G08.686.785.760.769 SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fetal Heart Rate Variability . ; Variability of the fetal heart rate. ; During maternal autonomic assessment will also be recorded fetal HRV parameters by cardiotocography for further analysis. We expected to find synchronicity between maternal and fetal parameters. Pelvic floor muscle function. ; These variable will be evaluated at the 19th and 36th week of gestation, and only once in the non‐pregnant group to evaluate the influence of pregnancy, gestational time, and training of the pelvic floor muscles in pregnancy. ; It is expected that the training during pregnancy improves the function of the pelvic floor muscle. ; Muscle contraction will be assessed following the PERFECT protocol proposed by Laycock & Jerwood (2001) by vaginal palvação, always by the same examiner, graduating muscle function by Oxford scale modified. ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 18 weeks of pregnancy;age group of 18 to 40; body mass index (BMI) for gestational age according to Atalah Table (Atalah SE et al, 1997).; first or second pregnancy. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Heart Rate Variability (HRV) and Blood Pressure Variability(BPV):; These variables will be evaluated at the 19th and 36th week of gestation, and only once in the non‐pregnant group to evaluate the influence of pregnancy, gestational time, contracting and training of the pelvic floor muscles in the variables.; It is expected that the autonomic modulation is affected by pregnancy with less variability after postural change and contractions of the pelvic floor in pregnant women, and this greater attenuation in the third trimester.; The ECG and peripheral pulse pressure signals will be recorded and stored, beat by beat, during the protocol of perineal exercises and postural change, for further analysis of HRV and BPV.; The data will be considered in the frequency domain (linear art): very low frequency bands (MBF ‐ between 0 and 0.04 Hz), low frequency (LF ‐ between 0.04 and 0.15 Hz) and high frequency ( AF ‐ between 0.15 and 0.40 Hz). In this study, we will use the bands LF and HF, which best represent the cardiac sympathetic and vagal modulation, respectively. These spectral components are expressed in absolute units (LF and HF) and in normalized units (LFnu and HFnu), and the LF / HF ratio (ratio between the bands of low frequency and high frequency), indicative of the sympathetic‐vagal balance (Task Force, 1996). Symbolic Analysis (nonlinear technique: 1) 0V: no variation pattern [3 identical symbols, for example, (2,2,2) or (4,4,4)]; 2) 1V: pattern with a variation [2 following the same symbols and a different one, e.g., (4,2,2) or (4,4,3)]; 3) 2LV: 2 standard with equal variations [3 symbols form a ramp up or down, for example, (5,4,2) or (1,3,4)]; and 4) 2UV: standard with 2 different variations [3 symbols form a peak or a valley, for example, (4,1,2) or (3,5,3)]. The frequencies of occurrence of these families (0V%, 1W% 2LV% and 2UV%) will be evaluated. Shannon Entropy (nonlinear technique): to provide a qualification complexity of distribution patterns (Porta et al., 2001).; The results will be analyzed by comparisons between the groups, with no cut‐off values to characterize the events. ; The perineometer Peritron device (Cardio Design Pty Ltd, Oakleigh, Victoria, Australia) has graduation 0‐300 cmH2O and is equipped with a vaginal probe (28x55 mm). Three contractions of pelvic floor muscles will be performed. The average value of the three contractions will be used for data analysis (Bø et al., 1999). ; Surface electromyography will be held during abdominal contraction and maximal voluntary contraction (MVC) of the pelvic floor. For abdominal contraction and the MVC, the average and the highest RMSvalue will be counted and considered as the average and maximum voluntary electrical activity, respectively. The electromyographic activity will be normalized by the average and maximum RMS of abdominal contraction andbymaximumRMS of MVC.
 A comparative study of the effects of oral magnesium versus placebo in migraine prophylaxis in pregnancy period;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Magnesium Oxide, 250 mg tablets, 2 times a day (Minoo Company), for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo tablets identical to magnesium tablets in shape and color, 2 times a day, for 12 weeks. Placebo tablets are made in pharmacology faculty of Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences. Magnesium Oxide, 250 mg tablets, 2 times a day (Minoo Company), for 12 weeks Placebo Placebo tablets identical to magnesium tablets in shape and color, 2 times a day, for 12 weeks. Placebo tablets are made in pharmacology faculty of Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Common Migraine. Condition 2: Classical Migraine. ; Migraine without aura (common migraine) ; Migraine with aura (classical migraine) Migraine with aura (classical migraine) Migraine without aura (common migraine) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Analgesic use. Timepoint: Every 4 week. Method of measurement: According to patient records. Duration of migraine attack. Timepoint: In each migraine attack. Method of measurement: Patient records the hours of headache in each attack , physician registers them every 4 weeks. Headache frequency. Timepoint: In each migraine attack. Method of measurement: According to patient records. Severity of headache. Timepoint: In each migraine attack. Method of measurement: Patient will record the headache severity in daily notes as VAS, MIDAS,HITS‐6& physician registers them every 4 weeks. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical side effects. Timepoint: Every 4 weeks. Method of measurement: According to patients notes. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of migraine according to definition of International Headache Society by a neurologist; at least one year has passed form the time of migraine onset; moderate to severe headache; more than 2 headache attacks per month. Exclusion criteria: Having tension headaches or other non‐migraine headaches; overuse of analgesic medications (more than 15 days a month); use of any migraine prophylactic drugs; history of previous or recently infection; history of chronic diseases (diabetes, hypertension, cardiac, vascular, renal and hepatic); use of mineral supplements; substance and alcohol abuse.
 Experiences after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (women's “post-HDP world”): a blood pressure postpartum (BP2) sub-study;  Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) not only affect pregnancy outcomes but have implications for women's ongoing health, including at least double the lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes. Blood pressure postpartum (BP2) is a currently recruiting, 3‐arm randomised trial of follow‐up and lifestyle behaviour change strategies in the first year after HDP (Optimised Usual Care with GP; Brief Education Intervention with physician/dietitian at Postpartum Clinic; Extended Lifestyle Intervention including 6 months Get Healthy Service telephone‐based coaching). This qualitative sub‐study within BP2 aimed to investigate the barriers and enablers to healthy behaviours after a pregnancy complicated by HDP. Methods: Thirty‐four women from all three arms of BP2 were interviewed March 2020 to April 2021, approximately 10 to 12 months postpartum (4‐6 months after randomisation and intervention commencement). The semi‐structured interviews were conducted by telephone, transcribed verbatim prior to thematic analysis, following the methods suggested by Braun and Clarke. Results: The interviews explored women's experiences following a HDP. Major themes included: • Impact of a young baby on healthy lifestyles (exhaustion, limited time, costs, other priorities). • Importance of support (partners, extended family, Get Healthy Service/ BP2 intervention). • Awareness of HDP‐related risks (varied recognition of risk of future cardiovascular disease, BP2 intervention brought greater awareness). • Moving on (plans for return to work both negative and positive impacts, baby developing, future pregnancies, post‐COVID world). Conclusion: Interviewees outlined varying views of their post‐HDP world. Some women clearly embraced the future health implications and their ability to positively influence this through lifestyle, while others appeared overwhelmed by their current parenting demands. Perceptions varied with individual circumstances including support, previous experience of healthy practices, finances and access to the full intervention. Findings support potential utility of structured post‐HDP follow‐up, including psychosocial supports, and postpartum lifestyle intervention. However, future interventions should recognise that timing (and degree) of women's readiness to engage shows considerable variation.
 Iron Supplementation Using Total Dose Infusion and Oral Routes for Treatment of Iron Deficiency Anemia in Pregnancy;  Patients will be allocated to two groups of 106 each and to insure that everyone has the chance of participation, randomization will be guided by table of random numbers All women recruited in the study will be given 100 mg mebendazole tablets twice daily for 3 days for de‐worming and 500 micro gram folic acid daily till the end of the study The required dose will be individually adapted according to the total iron deficit which is dependent on the patient's body weight and hemoglobin status Total iron dose (mg) = weight (kg) X hemoglobin deficit {target hemoglobin (g/l)‐ Actual hemoglobin (g/l)} X 0.24 + 500 mg The total iron dose needed will be calculated by formula rounded to nearest multiple of 100 Group I includes pregnant women taking 60 mg elemental iron twice per day (120 mg/day) using iron tablets (Theragran Hematinic)® Smith‐Kline Beecham, Egypt an affiliated co. to Glaxo Smith‐Kline, according to the WHO guidelines for IDA control Group II includes pregnant women taking elemental iron in the form of low molecular weight dextran complex intravenously as a total dose infusion (T.D.I) using iron dextran ampules (Cosmofer)R Pharmacosmos Denmark (Inspire Pharma Egypt) Inclusion criteria ‐ Maternal age 20‐35 years old. ‐ Singleton pregnancy between 16 ‐ 24 weeks ‐ Iron deficiency anemia with average hemoglobin ranging from 7‐9 g/dL at the onset of the study Exclusion criteris ‐ Extremes of reproductive age (less than 20 years old or more than 35 years old). ‐ Patients with multiple pregnancies. ‐ Anemia not linked to iron deficiency. ‐ Allergy to iron derivatives. ‐ Any medical disorder like diabetes or tuberculosis (TB), viral hepatitis cirrhosis, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, autoimmune disease, suspected acute infection, cancer. ‐ Those who had received parenteral iron treatment earlier within 3 months before the start of the study. ‐ Any obstetric complicating factors like pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH). ‐ Patients with history of chronic blood loss.
 The Effect of Resolvins on the Resolve of Inflammatory Low Back Pain;  In the general population, about 70% to 80% of adults experience low back pain at some point in their lives. In primary care, the point prevalence ranges from 16% to 55%, making low back pain the most common neuropathic pain.5 In this context, radiculopathy is a common type of neuropathic pain. Pain can arise not only from direct mechanical pressure, such as from a herniated disc or degenerated bone, but also from inflammation and its associated proinflammatory cytokines. Inflammatory mediators contributing to neuropathic pain include nucleus pulpous cells and sequestered macrophages.6,7 Cytokines, as regulatory proteins acting as pro‐inflammatory biomarkers, modulate the inflammatory response of all immune system cells during instances of inflammation.8 Despite its high prevalence, the response to medical treatment, physical therapy, and epidural steroid injections varies widely. For years, the widely accepted explanation for this variability has been the complex mechanisms involved in pain transmission. However, in recent years, it has been increasingly recognized that the lack of resolution of neuroinflammatory cells and mediators may be the most significant factor contributing to the varying treatment responses observed in individuals.9 Resolvins are specialized compounds derived from DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) and omega‐3 fatty acids. Prior research indicates that certain resolvin subtypes, particularly D and E, aid in pain reduction by facilitating inflammation resolution. These specialized compounds, known as SPMs (Specialized pro‐resolving mediators), regulate immune cell functions, modulate cytokine levels, and promote tissue repair mechanisms. 9,10 The aim of this study is to evaluate the impact of orally administered resolvins, in conjunction with epidural steroid injection, over a period of 6 months, on pain intensity and cytokine release during the remission phase. These effects will be assessed using magnetic resonance imaging. Materials and Methods This clinical trial will be a randomized, controlled trial conducted at Bezmialem Vakıf University Hospital. A total of 30 patients will be enrolled in the study at this hospital. The study has received approval from the Ethics Boards of Bezmialem Vakif University Hospital. Prior to participation, all study participants will provide written informed consent. Inclusion criteria: Patients must be classified as ASA I‐II‐III, aged between 18‐75, presenting to the Algology department with low back pain due to lumbar disc herniation, have a pain intensity of ≥4 on the 0‐10 scale pain NRS for low back pain, and/or experience radiating pain from the lower extremities caused by LDH (MRI scan confirmed lumbar disc herniation in our hospital). Exclusion Criteria: Patients with known allergies to the drugs to be used in treatment, infection near the puncture site, known clotting disorders, alcohol and drug use, those who have used fish oil before, disorder of consciousness, liver failure, renal failure, advanced cardiac failure, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, morbid obesity (body mass index (BMI) > 35 kg/m²), female patients during pregnancy and breastfeeding, not approving the informed consent form. 30 patients scheduled for caudal epidural injection, transforaminal epidural steroid injection will be included. Patients will be randomly assigned to two groups (Group K: control group, Group R: patients treated with resolvin) using opaque sealed envelopes. The physician performing the procedure (AT) and collecting data (AB) will be blinded to the groups. In Group R, treatment with 700 mg resolvin (omega DHA) will commence on the day the procedural decision is made. Intervention: After the patient is admitted to the ward on the morning of the procedure, they will undergo routine blood tests, including a hemogram, APTT, INR, CRP, and sedimentation test. Once the results are obtained, the patient will be sent for the operation. Upon arrival in the operating room, basic monitoring including ECG, non‐invasive blood pressure, and pulse oximetry will be performed. The operating room will be standardized, and normothermia will be maintained. Patients will be positioned prone on the operating table, and nasal oxygen support at 4L/min will be provided. After administering sedation and analgesia, prophylactic antibiotics will be given. The operative site will be prepared with an antiseptic solution and draped sterilely. All procedures are performed with the assistance of ultrasonography using a convex probe. After local anesthesia is applied to the areas to be treated, the procedure begins with a caudal epidural injection consisting of 40mg depomedrol, 60mg lidocaine, 20mg bupivacaine, and 100mg magnesium. Following this, the transforaminal epidural injection is administered with 2mg dexamethasone, 20mg lidocaine, 5mg bupivacaine, and 100mg magnesium. The same doses are applied to the facet insertion as the needle is withdrawn." After completion of the procedure, patients will be monitored in the recovery room for half an hour, followed by mobilization and transfer to the ward. Stable hemodynamics and absence of neurological deficits and any other complications (nausea, bradycardia, hypotension, urinary incontinence, drowsiness, bleeding, neurological deficit, edema, dyspeptic complaints due to fish oil or steroids) will warrant discharge after 6 hours. Blood samples will be collected from the patients on the morning of the procedure day, during the one‐week follow‐up appointment after the procedure, and during the six‐month follow‐up along with MRI. Additionally, all medications used by patients during this period will be recorded. Primary The primary objective of this study: Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is the gold standard for diagnosing lumbar disc herniation, with a diagnostic accuracy rate of 97%. It is also a crucial parameter used to determine the need for surgical intervention. MRI imaging will be used to measure the size of herniation preoperatively and at the 6th postoperative month by a radiologist who is blinded to the patient groups (AA). Secondary objective of this study: 1. NRS Score: The Numeric Rating Scale (NRS) is a unidimensional scale using 11 numbers (ranging from 0 to 10) to assess pain intensity. Patients are asked to select the number that best represents their pain intensity, with 0 indicating no pain and 10 indicating the worst (unbearable) pain. Pain intensity will be assessed by having patients choose the number that corresponds to their pain intensity. Pain levels of all patients at the 1st postoperative week, 1st month, and 6th month will be recorded based on the NRS score by an anesthesiologist who is blinded to the patient groups. 2. Cytokines: Cytokines are small proteins synthesized by cells responsible for intercellular communication and interaction. They include various subtypes such as interleukins. The majority of studies found a positive association between the pro‐inflammatory biomarkers CRP, IL‐6, TNF‐a, and low back pain. Blood tests for cytokine levels (Interleukin‐6, Interleukin‐17, Interleukin‐1beta, TNF‐alpha) were conducted preoperatively, at the 1st postoperative week, and at the 6th month by a medical biochemist who was blinded to the patient groups." Statistics: Power analysis: Based on previous studies and considering an average difference of 0.50 units between groups with 80% power at a 95% confidence level, the minimum sample size was determined as 13 individuals per group, totaling 26 participants. Qualitative variables will be presented as numbers and percentages, while quantitative variables will be expressed as mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum. The relationships between qualitative variables will be examined using Pearson chi‐square or Fisher exact chi‐square tests. Normal distribution of quantitative variables will be assessed using the Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test, and homogeneity of variance will be evaluated using the Levene test. Differences between the means of two independent groups will be analyzed using the Student's t‐test, while median comparisons will be conducted using the Mann‐Whitney U test. Paired t‐tests and Wilcoxon signed‐rank tests will be employed for comparing means and medians of two dependent groups, respectively. Following univariate analyses, appropriate regression analyses will be utilized based on the data structure. Calculations will be performed using the SPSS software package (version), with a statistical significance level set at 0.05. Discussion: This trial anticipates that combining the anti‐inflammatory properties of resolvins with epidural steroid injection will provide a beneficial treatment for patients suffering from inflammatory low back pain. This study demonstrates that two separate mechanisms result, including the decrease in cell recruitment to the inflammation site with steroids, which reflects an anti‐inflammatory effect, and increases in cell exit with resolvin, which reflects a pro‐resolution effect. References 1. Lassiter W, Allam AE. Inflammatory Back Pain. Stat Pearls [Internet]. Treasure Island (FL): Stat Pearls Publishing; 2023 Jan‐. 2022 Sep 5. PMID: 30969575. 2. Taso M, Sommernes JH, Kolstad F, Sundseth J, Bjorland S, Pripp AH, Zwart JA, Brox JI. A randomized controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of surgical and nonsurgical treatment for cervical radiculopathy. BMC Musculoskeletal Disorder. 2020 Mar 16;21(1):171. PMID: 32178655; PMCID: PMC7076994. 3. Ji RR, Xu ZZ, Strichartz G, Serhan CN. Emerging roles of resolvins in the resolution of inflammation and pain. Trends Neurosci. 2011 Nov;34(11):599‐609. PMID: 21963090; PMCID: PMC3200462. 4. Liu C, Fan D, Lei Q, Lu A, He X. Roles of Resolvins in Chronic Inflammatory Response. Int J Mol Sci. 2022 Nov 28;23(23):14883. PMID: 36499209; PMCID: PMC9738788. 5. Yoshiaki Ota, Michael Connolly, Ashok Srinivasan, John Kim, Aristides A Capizzano, Toshio Moritani. Mechanisms and origins of spinal pain: from molecules to anatomy, with diagnostic clues and imaging findings Radiographic. Jul‐Aug 2020;40(4):1163‐1181. 6. Sowa GA, Coelho JP, Vo NV, Pacek C, Westrick E, Kang JD. Cells from degenerative intervertebral discs demonstrate unfavorable responses to mechanical and inflammatory stimuli: a pilot study. Am J Phys Med Rehabil 2012;91:846‐855. 7. Videman T, Saarela J, Kaprio J, et al. Associations of 25 structural, degradative, and inflammatory candidate genes with lumbar disc desiccation, bulging, and height narrowing. Arthritis Rheum 2009;60:470‐481.8 8. R van den Berg 1, E M Jongbloed 2, E I T de Schepper 2, S M A Bierma‐Zeinstra 3, B W Koes 2, P A J Luijsterburg. The association between pro‐inflammatory biomarkers and nonspecific low back pain: a systematic review Spine J 2018 Nov;18(11):2140‐215 9. Ru‐Rong Ji1, Zhen‐Zhong Xu1, Gary Strichartz1, and Charles N. Serhan2. Emerging Roles of Resolvins in the Resolution of Inflammation and Pain. Trends Neurosci. 2011 November; 34(11): 599‐609. doi:10.1016/j.tins.2011.08.005. 10. Chang Liu 1,2, Dancai Fan 3 , Qian Lei 1,3, Aiping Lu 1,4,5,* and Xiaojuan He 3,*. Roles of Resolvins in Chronic Inflammatory Response. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2022, 23, 14883. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms232314883. 11. Simon C, Le Corroller T, Pauly V, Creze M, Champsaur P, Guenoun D. Intradiscal oxygen‐ozone therapy for the treatment of symptomatic lumbar disc herniation: A preliminary study. J Neuroradiol. 2022 Mar;49(2):180‐186. doi: 10.1016/j.neurad.2021.09.004. Epub 2021 Oct 8. PMID: 34634298.
 A comparison between 2 administration rout of betamethasone on the neonates;  INTERVENTION: In intervention group, prescription of 12 milligram betamethasone phosphate slow IV. In the control group, prescription of 12 milligram betamethasone phosphate intramuscularly. Intervention 1: In intervention group, prescription of 12 milligram betamethasone phosphate slow IV. Intervention 2: In the control group, prescription of 12 milligram betamethasone phosphate intramuscularly. Prevention CONDITION: Preterm labor. ; Preterm labour and delivery Preterm labour and delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Neonatal respiratory distress syndrome. Timepoint: After birth. Method of measurement: Data sheets. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Duration of NICU admission. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Data sheets. Intra ventricular hemorrhage. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Data sheets. Maternal postpartum length of stay. Timepoint: After delivery up to discharge. Method of measurement: Data sheets. Necrotizing enterocolitis. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Data sheets. Neonatal death. Timepoint: After birth up to death,. Method of measurement: Data sheets. Neonatal sepsis. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Data sheets. NICU admission. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Data sheets. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: gestational age of 26‐34 weeks; singleton pregnancy; cervical dilatation of equal or more than 3‐4 cm and emminant preterm birth or delivery during less than 24 hours. Exclusion criteria: known allergy for betamethazone; history of any known maternal systemic disorders like hypertension, diabetes, liver and cardiac disease, renal failure and neoplasia.
 Betamethasone administration in preterm labor;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: prescription of two doses of 12 milligram betamethasone with 24 hours interval. Intervention 2: prescription of two doses of 12 milligram betamethasone with 12 hours interval. prescription of two doses of 12 milligram betamethasone with 12 hours interval. prescription of two doses of 12 milligram betamethasone with 24 hours interval. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Preterm labor. ; Preterm labour and delivery Preterm labour and delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Respiratory distress syndrome. Timepoint: After delivery. Method of measurement: sign and symptoms by pediatrician. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Intra ventricular hemorrhage. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Diagnosis by pediatrician. Necrotizing enter colitis. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Diagnosis by pediatrician. Neonatal death. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: neonatal sheet. NICU admission. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: neonatal sheet. Retinopathy. Timepoint: After birth up to discharge. Method of measurement: Diagnosis by ophtalmologist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: singleton pregnancy and gestational age of 26‐34 weeks. Exclusion criteria: known allergy for betamethazone; history of any known maternal systemic disorders like hypertension, diabetes, liver and cardiac disease, renal failure and neoplasia.
 Impact of Betamethasone on preterm infants outcomes;  INTERVENTION: In control group two doses of 12 mg Betamethasone 4 mg/ml from Abouraihan Pharmaceutical Company with the interval of 24 hours will be injected via intramuscular injection. In intervention group one dose of 12 mg Betamethasone 4 mg/ml from Abouraihan Pharmaceutical Company will be injected via intramuscular injection. Intervention 1: In intervention group one dose of 12 mg Betamethasone 4 mg/ml from Abouraihan Pharmaceutical Company will be injected via intramuscular injection. Intervention 2: In control group two doses of 12 mg Betamethasone 4 mg/ml from Abouraihan Pharmaceutical Company with the interval of 24 hours will be injected via intramuscular injection. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hyaline membrane disease Respiratory distress syndrome of newborn. ; Hyaline membrane disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Respiratory distress syndrome. Timepoint: Every day up to 28 days after birth. Method of measurement: sign and symptoms of Respiratory distress syndrome diagnosed by pediatrician. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Infant Death. Timepoint: Every day up to 28 days after birth. Method of measurement: Based on neonatologist diagnosis. Intraventricular Hemorrhage. Timepoint: Every day up to 28 days after birth. Method of measurement: Clinical examination by pediatrician. Necrotizing enterocolitis. Timepoint: Every day up to 28 days after birth. Method of measurement: Clinical examination by pediatrician. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria were singleton pregnancy and gestational age 26‐ 34 weeks Exclusion criteria included: allergy to Betamethasone, history of any maternal systemic disorders like hypertension, diabetes, liver and cardiac disease, renal failure, neoplasia and cervical dilation > 5 cm.
 The effect of self-care education in pregnancy with perceived stress and social support in patients with Preeclampsia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Self‐care education: Intervention is self‐care education, which will be provided to the intervention group in five sessions and each session for half an hour. Group meetings and training will be held in the form of a conference and question and answer session. Self‐care education is based on self‐care guidelines in health centers and contains information on the principles of nutrition and healthy lifestyle, the impact of physical activity and the manner of control and principles of prevention and treatment of hypertension. Finally, after completing the training sessions, the researcher completes self‐care self‐care questionnaire, stress and social support. Intervention 2: Control group: This group of women with Preeclampsia without any training will complete self‐care questionnaires, stress, and perceived social support through interviews. CONDITION: Preeclampsia. ; Unspecified pre‐eclampsia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Perceived Social Support: Perceived support is equivalent to satisfying and having social support with positive emotions, and receiving social support is as much as the individual's enjoyment of obvious emotional support, such as the help and assistance provided by the family and friends, which can be measured in size The number of supporters and the level of access and enjoyment of the types of social support were determined. Timepoint: After five self‐care training sessions. Method of measurement: Perceived Social Support Questionnaire. Perceived stress: The phenomenon of stress in the very general sense is the psychological responses to the psychological and physical needs and threats (stressors). According to Cohen's definition of stress, when the needs of the environment, whether internal or external, true or imagined, or greater than individual capacity, cause psychological and biological changes that pose a person at risk of disease. Timepoint: Complete the questionnaire for the control group without any training and completion of the questionnaire for the case group after five sessions of Self‐care education. Method of measurement: Dass perceived stress questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Iranian nationality pregnant women with preeclampsia 18‐45 years old pregnant age 20 to 42 weeks No history of neonatal death in previous pregnancies The number of deliveries is less than 4 Lack of chronic diseases such as: diabetes, severe obesity, kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, anemia Lack of mental illness residence in Shiraz for attending educational classes
 The effect of Aloevera gel on prineal pain & wound healing after episiotomy in primi para women;  INTERVENTION: Group control: will be treated with routine treatment for 10 days. Intervention 1: Patients in the intervention group: will be treated with aloe gel‐Barij Essence product‐ twice daily for 10 days. Intervention 2: Group control: will be treated with routine treatment for 10 days. Patients in the intervention group: will be treated with aloe gel‐Barij Essence product‐ twice daily for 10 days. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Episiotomy. ; First degree perineal laceration during delivery First degree perineal laceration during delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Approximation. Timepoint: 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: visual. Discharge. Timepoint: 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: visual. Ecchymosis. Timepoint: 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: visual. Edema. Timepoint: 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: visual. Pain. Timepoint: 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: VAS ruler. Redness. Timepoint: 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: visual. Sexual function. Timepoint: 6 up to 12 weeks after delivery. Method of measurement: FSFI questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: primiparus? having single pregnancy, episiotomy without rupture and without using device? gestational age between 37‐42 weeks? No history of systemic diseases such as chronic diseases, cardiovascular disease, respiratory disease, connective tissue coagulation disorders, diabetes, anemia, immune deficiency and ... ? The absence of allergy or hypersensitivity (allergic) reactions to topical medication in the past? The lack of underlying disease, eclampsia, and preeclampsia in pregnancy? No rupture of membranes more than 24 hours? lack of prolonged labor? Lack of drug addiction? lack of vulvar and vaginal symptoms of inflammation, a normal BMI? Having mediolateral episiotomy and stitches it with the size of 3‐5 cm and separate and cut Goth thread, number zero Exclusion criteria: not taken properly (Aloe Vera) after delivery? the incidence of allergy (rash, redness and swelling) and infections? incidence of new trauma for any reason at length stu
 "Effect of ACT on the fear of childbirth and choosing the type of childbirth";  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: First Intervention group(A: 8 counseling sessions of 90 minutes of acceptance and commitment therapy for 2 months (one session per week) (based on the protocol of acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT)) will be carried out by the researcher on the first intervention group (Primigravida's women with the presence of their husbands). Intervention 2: Second Intervention group(B): 8 counseling sessions of 90 minutes of acceptance and commitment therapy for 2 months (one session per week) (based on the protocol of acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT)) will be carried out by the researcher on the second intervention group (primigravida's women without the presence of their spouses). Intervention 3: Control group: Carrying out routine pregnancy care without the intervention of a consultative approach of acceptance and commitment. CONDITION: Fear of childbirth. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fear of childbirth score in Vijma's fear of childbirth questionnaire version A. Timepoint: Fear of childbirth score at the beginning of the study (before the start of the intervention) and immediately after the end of the intervention and 2 weeks after the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Vijma's fear of childbirth questionnaire version A. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Choosing the type of delivery. Timepoint: After the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Patient self‐report. INCLUSION CRITERIA: First time pregnant women with a gestational age of 28 to 32 weeks Maternal age of 18 to 38 years Singleton pregnancy and low risk Without congenital abnormalities in the fetus Not suffering from mental illnesses and psychiatric disorders Not using drugs Psychedelic Not having any systemic diseases (Diabetes, Cardiovascular diseases, Hypertension, etc.) Having minimal literacy No indications for cesarean delivery, Fear score higher than 85.
 The effect of myrrh in healing episiotomy;  INTERVENTION: In the control group, 10 cc of the placebo were dissolved in 5 liters of water and treated twice daily for 7 days in the form of a bath. In the intervention group, 10 cc of Hydroalcoholic Extract were dissolved in 5 liters of water and taken twice a day for 7 days in the form of a bath in the living room. Intervention 1: In the intervention group, 10 cc of Hydroalcoholic Extract were dissolved in 5 liters of water and taken twice a day for 7 days in the form of a bath in the living room. Intervention 2: In the control group, 10 cc of the placebo were dissolved in 5 liters of water and treated twice daily for 7 days in the form of a bath. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Episiotomy wound healing. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Repair episiotomy wounds. Timepoint: Day three, seventh and tenth after childbirth. Method of measurement: Rida Tool. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy wound healing. Timepoint: Day three, seventh and tenth after childbirth. Method of measurement: Rida Tool. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Major entry into the study: Primipara; gestational age of 42‐37 weeks; normal delivery with middle‐episiotomy; Monogamous; cephalic presentation; pre‐pregnancy BMI in the range of 25>; no history of regenerative surgery on the vagina and perineum; Absence of specific disease (anemia, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, immune disease, liver disease, depression, absence of coagulation disorders, preeclampsia and infectious diseases); the absence of extension of the cutaneous length and the degree of rupture of the third and fourth Or rupture other than episiotomy; non‐smoking during pregnancy; absence of varicose veins in the perineum; There are no genital warts and STDs; the baby is not large and not accompanied by dystocia; lack of proximity and heavy work. Major outcomes of the study: Manual exits; Abnormal vaginal bleeding postpartum; Hematoma formation; Postpartum fever and chills (fever equal to or greater than 38 ° C); Perineal manipulation after delivery; Creat
 Low Doses of Aspirin in the Prevention of Preeclampsia;  Preeclampsia (PE) is a serious and potentially fatal complication of pregnancy. It is a placental disease characterized by an elevated blood pressure in the 3rd trimester with multisystem involvement (proteinuria, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count and/or neurologic symptoms). PE can cause pulmonary edema, seizures, or stroke and is a leading cause of maternal mortality. The pregnancy outcomes are further worsened if PE develops before term. Women who have a history of PE in a prior pregnancy, diabetes, preexisting hypertension, kidney disease, multifetal gestation or autoimmune diseases are at an increased risk to develop PE in a subsequent pregnancy. Clinical trials evaluating the benefits of low‐dose aspirin (ASA) have used a wide range of doses from 60mg to 150mg orally daily with low‐dose being defined as less than 325mg per day. Taking ASA (as opposed to placebo) is thought to reduce the risk of preeclampsia by 17%, without increasing the risk of major obstetric bleeding. The number needed to treat is only 19 women. ASA is currently the only prophylactic therapy for PE in high‐risk women to be recognized by the US Preventive Task Force and should be initiated early in the second trimester of pregnancy, before 16 weeks of gestation. There has also been more awareness that the efficacy of ASA in preventing preeclampsia is limited by the poor adherence of patients to this therapy. Indeed, a cross‐sectional study has estimated that up to 46% of women (n=42) on ASA therapy may not be compliant to it, as determined by a validated Simplified Medication Adherence Questionnaire (SMAQ). Adherence is essential to the efficacy of ASA in preventing preterm preeclampsia. It would therefore be of interest to obtain more information about adherence to ASA in women who need this therapy. Assessing molecular pathways in the development of PE may allow opportunity for earlier diagnosis, specific triaging of patients to closer monitoring and further development of preventative or curative treatment strategies. Samples will be biobanked for biomarker discovery in the future. The current literature is lacking in evidence to recommend a specific daily dose of ASA. Recent meta‐analyses have suggested that there may be a dose response in the protective effect of ASA for PE. As compared to 60mg per day, an ASA dose of 100mg per day was associated with a lower relative risk of PE (0.44 vs 0.57, p=0.36). A large study of 1776 women has compared a slightly higher dose of ASA (150mg per day) to placebo and found a decrease in preterm delivery (before 37 weeks) due to PE (OR 0.38, p=0.004). Meta‐analyses have shown that any dose of ASA above 60mg per day is protective and should be used to prevent PE in high risk pregnancies. To date, there has not been any studies comparing lower doses of ASA (such as 81mg, the traditional "baby aspirin" dose sold in the US) to higher "low‐dose" ASA regimens (such as 162mg) in their ability to prevent preterm or severe PE in women who are at a high risk for this devastating disease.
 Walking and Dietary Modification for Recurrent Early Miscarriages;  Women aged 18 to 40 years trying to conceive spontaneously were eligible if they had two or more consecutive pregnancy losses in the first trimester, documented by pathology or ultrasound‐confirmed gestational sac. All participants underwent ultrasound examination before inclusion in the study. Exclusion criteria were any of the following: anatomic anomalies that may increase the risk of pregnancy losses, not amenable to surgical correction during pregnancy, such as uterine septum; antiphospholipid antibodies; prior second‐ or third‐trimester losses; current multiple gestation; disabilities such as hemiplegia or paraplegia; renal or liver failure; conditions requiring a priori anticoagulation. Participants were enrolled by staff at the participating center. Randomization to the intervention protocol Walking and Diet (W&D) or to a control group was performed before pregnancy occurred by a statistician using a computer‐generated random‐number table. This was not a double blind study, but care was taken to ensure that appointments of the patients assigned to the intervention protocol did not coincide with those of controls. The intervention was standardized by training of research staff. Women assigned to W&D were instructed to walk at a moderate pace (4 km/h) for at least 40 minutes, seven days a week. Besides, those who remained seated most of the day were advised to walk 25 to 30 minutes twice a day, avoiding hence more than 12 hours of physical inactivity. Walking could be replaced by stationary bicycle rides or swimming when convenient, which often occurred near term and when the mother was obese. Strenuous exercises were discouraged. Patients assigned to protocol W&D were also informed of the importance of a balanced diet and recommended to avoid high‐glycemic index meals (high‐carbohydrate, low‐fiber). Sucralose could be used as a sweetener. As a strategy to promote satiety and reduce carbohydrate intake, W&D participants were also advised to eat at least two daily servings of protein‐rich food. The intervention began when participants wished to conceive, continuing until delivery. Careful instructions about walking speed and diet were given to participants assigned to W&D at enrolment and at each consultation. During exercise, neither fetal nor maternal cardiac rate were assessed. At enrollment and during first‐trimester consultations, W&D participants were explained that antiemetics such as ondansetron should be taken before nausea became severe, in order to help them tolerate balanced meals. No recommendations regarding diet or physical activity were given to controls. Antiemetics such as ondansetron were given to controls who complained of hyperemesis. All participants were given folic acid tablets 5 mg daily until 14 weeks of gestation, as prevention of neural tube defects. In both groups, participants reporting abdominal pain, cramps, and vaginal bleeding during the first‐trimester were medicated with vaginal progesterone. Subcutaneous heparin was given to all participants whose pregnancies were complicated with nephrotic range proteinuria or any evidence of placental insufficiency. Antihypertensive medications included methyldopa, amlodipine and hydralazine. No patient received aspirin or metformin in this study. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes were obtained from the hospital records. Neonates were classified as small, appropriate or large for gestational age according to Olsen et al. growth curves. Written informed consent was obtained from each participant after a full explanation of the study. Non‐adherence to the intervention protocol was suspected when non‐obese participants assigned to W&D gained > 1 kg in 4 weeks until the 28th week of gestation, > 1.5 kg from the 28th to the 32nd week, and > 2 kg in 4 weeks thereafter, in the absence of edema. The threshold was lower for obese participants: > 700 g in 4 weeks until the 28th week of gestation, > 1 kg from the 28th to the 32nd week, and > 1.5 kg in 4 weeks thereafter21. Excessive weight gain aroused the suspicion of protocol violation because high carbohydrate consumption, especially when combined with physical inactivity stimulates the pancreas to overproduce insulin, a hormone that promotes fat storage. To enhance adherence to the protocol, W&D participants who gained excessive weight were recommended to increase the frequency, duration and intensity of the physical activity and to increase the protein intake. Participants of the W&D group who had a successful pregnancy volunteered to encourage mothers assigned to the intervention protocol, especially those who gained excessive weight. Appointments were scheduled according to the routine. Maternal weight and blood pressure were assessed at every appointment and all mothers were screened for gestational diabetes according to the American Diabetes Association recommendations.
 The effect of Docosahexaenoic acid on factors influencing vascular thickness and function in diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Placebo capsule (containing Sunflower oil similar to DHA capsule) with similar dose (2 gr per day) and similar period (3 month) Intervention 1: Intervention group: DHA supplement (2 gr per day , 3 month). Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo capsule (containing Sunflower oil similar to DHA capsule) with similar dose (2 gr per day) and similar period (3 month). Intervention group: DHA supplement (2 gr per day , 3 month) Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Arterial sclerosis Condition 1: Type 2 Diabetes melitus. Condition 2: Atherosclerosis. ; non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes ; Arterial sclerosis non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: ADMA. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Turbidimeter. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Glycated hemoglobin. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Kit. HDL‐ cholesterol. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Turbidimeter. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Formula. Interleukin 6 gene expression. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Real time PCR. LDL‐cholesterol. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald formula. SCD163. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Telomerase activity. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: PCR‐ELISA kit. TNF‐a gene expression. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Real time PCR. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Turbidimeter. Triglyceride. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Turbidimeter. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Vascular function and proliferation of smooth muscle cells in intima media. Timepoint: start and end of intervention. Method of measurement: Studding the effective factors in vascular function and proliferation of smooth muscle cells in intima media and also comparison of these factors in two intervention and control groups. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetic patients (both males and females); 30‐70 years old age; BMI range between 18.5 to 35 kg/m2 Exclusion criteria: Insulin therapy; any type of Cancer; Liver, Kidney, Coagulation and Thyroid disorders; Cardiovascular diseases such as Angina Pectoris, Myocardial infarction, Stroke; consumption of Anticoagulants, ant‐inflammatory and lipid lowering agents such as Fibrates; Thiazolidinedione’s therapy; History of Allergic reaction to fish or fish oil; Daily consumption of fish or fish oil supplements; Supplementation with vitamin A,D and B6; Pregnancy and Lactating; lack of usage more than 10% of administered tablets.
 Comparison of intramuscular progesterone and suppository progesterone for luteal phase support in IUI cycles;  INTERVENTION: All the infertile patients from the age of 20 to 36 who are IUI candidates because of male factor and unexplained. Ovarian cycle stimulation will start from the third day after the basal trans vaginal sonography with 2.5 milligram Letrofem (produced by IRAN Hormone pharmaceutical) for five consecutive days. The adopted gonadotropic regimen is injected by muscular FOSTIMON ampoule (LBSA company) once a day since the seventh day of Ovulatory cycle. Trans vaginal sonography is done since the ninth day of Ovulatory CONDITION: luteal phase support in IUI cycles. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical Peregnancy. Timepoint: 5Weeks from the day of IUI. Method of measurement: TV – US will be done at 5 weeks from the day of IUI. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Abortion ongoing pregnancy. Timepoint: From confirmed pregnancy to12 weeks of gestation . Method of measurement: If there was vaginal bleeding or back pain the patient referred to labor or clinic and it should be registered the inference of patient and diagnose of disease. Patients satisfaction. Timepoint: From confirmed pregnancy to12 weeks of gestation. Method of measurement: patients satisfaction( assessment of pain ): while being visited in the twelfth week using a question which is scored zero to ten based on the visual scale, zero score= very sever pain‐ less than 3= sever pain, score between 3 and 6= moderate , above 6= mild pain and 10 score= no pain , will be measured. Side effects. Timepoint: From confirmed pregnancy to12 weeks of. Method of measurement: side effects: wheel ,rash,pruritu,leukorea,rare complication which is asked in the 12 th week of pregnancy. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Infertile patients from the age of 20 to 36 years with infertility experience of more than one year with a normal Ovulatory cycle who are candidates of IUI because of male factor and unexplained; with Thyroid‐ stimulating‐ Hormone (TSH) levels and natural Prolactin; having patent tubes shown by hysterosalpingogram (HSG) or laparoscopy and having a normal sperm count; motility and morphology according to the world health organization criteria (1992) and in case of infertility because of malefactor; they should have at least one million natural and motile sperms , Exclusion criteria: Patients with renal or liver failure; cardiovascular disease and diabetes and those who have received infertility since two months before the study. Cycle every other day to determine follicle and when we have at least one follicle more or equal 17 millimeter, HCG ampoule of ten thousand muscular units will be injected and IUI will be performed in 35 to 36 hours. Luteal Phase will be supported up to two weeks from IUI. To protect the Luteal phase, the selected patients will be divided into four groups by simple random and easy sampling method. Intervention 1: All the infertile patients from the age of 20 to 36 who are IUI candidates because of male factor and unexplained. Ovarian cycle stimulation will start from the third day after the basal trans vaginal sonography with 2.5 milligram Letrofem (produced by IRAN Hormone pharmaceutical) for five consecutive days. The adopted gonadotropic regimen is injected by muscular FOSTIMON ampoule (LBSA company) once a day since the seventh day of Ovulatory cycle. Trans vaginal sonography is done since the ninth day of Ovulatory Cycle every other day to determine follicle and when we have at least one follicle more or equal 17 millimeter, HCG ampoule of ten thousand muscular units will be injected and IUI will be performed in 35 to 36 hours. Luteal Phase will be supported up to two weeks from IUI. To protect the Luteal phase, the selected patients will be divided into four groups by simple random and easy sampling method. Intervention 2: The first group uses 400 milligram of suppository progesterone, daily (200 milligram, twice a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy. Intervention 3: The second group uses 800 milligram of suppository progesterone, daily (400 milligram, twice a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy. Intervention 4: The third group uses 25 milligram progesterone ampoule oily muscular, daily (once a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy. Intervention 5: The third group uses 50 milligram progesterone ampoule oily muscular, daily (once a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy. The first group uses 400 milligram of suppository progesterone, daily (200 milligram, twice a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy. The second group uses 800 milligram of suppository progesterone, daily (400 milligram, twice a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy The third group uses 25 milligram progesterone ampoule oily muscular, daily (once a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy The third group uses 50 milligram progesterone ampoule oily muscular, daily (once a day) for two weeks and if pregnant, will be continued until the eighth week of pregnancy Treatment ‐ Drugs
 A pilot randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of two designs of partographs, including labour progress lines, on the rate of spontaneous vaginal birth amongst low risk women in labour for the first time: the Partograph Trial;  INTERVENTION: The Dystocia line partogram is a visual tool that uses a graduated (stepped) line to indicate whether cervical dilatation, determined by vaginal assessment at regular intervals, is slower than a mean of 0.5cm per hour. The tool is administered by a midwife and the results of vaginal assessments are recorded on the partograph every four hours or as clinically indicated. CONDITION: Normal Labour PRIMARY OUTCOME: Compliance with the trial interventions (appropriate commencement and use of assigned partogram) and reasons for non‐compliance as assessed through audit of clinical record and allocated partograph SECONDARY OUTCOME: Proportion lost to follow‐up determined through maintainence of a recruitment record A composite of serious adverse outcomes for the infant defined as: Fetal death after study entry or neonatal death before discharge from hospital or in the first seven days excluding lethal abnormalities; Apgar score < 4 at five minutes; admission to SCN/NICU > 4 days (96 hours) assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database. Completeness of data collection for secondary outcomes Proportion of infants with: Seizures under 48 hours assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of infants with: any admission to Neonatal Intensive Care assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of infants with: proven systemic infection (blood or deep tissue culture positive) in first 48 hours of life (treated with antibiotics) assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of infants with: Apgar score <7 at 5 minutes assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of infants with: Cord pH <7.18 and/or base deficit <‐10 (arterial cord blood) or lactate >6 assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of infants with: Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy 1, 2 and 3 assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of infants with: resuscitation, which includes mask ventilation for > 5 minutes, intubation for ventilation, cardiac massage and/or the administration of drugs of resuscitation (e.g. Adrenaline, Sodium Bicarbonate, Fluids) assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of women having a primary postpartum haemorrhage (> 1500mL) assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of women having an operative birth (forceps, vacuum ; extraction or Caesarean Section) and primary indication assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proportion of women receiving an artificial rupture of membranes assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database Proprtion of women requiring oxytocic augmentation assesed using participant specific data provided from a perinatal database INCLUSION CRITERIA: Nulliparous women in spontaneous labour who are: * At term (between 37 and 41 weeks plus 6 days gestation) with a singleton pregnancy, a cephalic (head down) presentation and cervical dilatation of 4cm or greater * Equal to or greater than 18 years of age and able to provide informed consent * Defined as ‘low risk’ i.e. no history of: stillbirth or neonatal death, three or more consecutive miscarriages, previous fetal death in utero, previous no complications during the current pregnancy (such as multiple pregnancy or fetal abnormality); and no precluding medical conditions (such as cardiac disease, essential hypertension, renal disease, pre‐existing diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, epilepsy, severe asthma, s preterm birth (less than 32 weeks), previous mid‐trimester loss/cervical incompetence/cone biopsy/known uterine anomaly, previous early onset of pre‐eclampsia (less than 32 weeks gestation), or rhesus isoimmunisation;
 effect of acupressure on severity of labor pain and duration of first stage of labor;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Compression at SP6 points. Perform acupressure with thumbs and vertically at SP6 points with the onset of contraction for 20 minutes continuously in each dilatation 3‐4 cm and 5‐7 cm and 10‐8 cm. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Compression medicine at SP8 points. Perform acupressure with thumbs and vertically at SP8 points with the onset of contraction for 20 minutes continuously in each dilatation 3‐4 cm and 5‐5 cm and 10‐8 cm. Intervention 3: Control group: Compression in control points. Perform acupressure with thumbs and vertically at the control points (2 cm lower and 1 cm back from the SP8 point) with the onset of contraction for 20 minutes continuously in each dilatation 3‐4 cm and 7‐ 5 cm and 10‐8 cm. It should be noted that according to the project's expert consultant, this point is neutral in terms of acupressure. CONDITION: Condition 1: Labor pain. Condition 2: The length of the first stage of labor. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Labor pain. Timepoint: before the intervention, Immediately, 15 minutes and 30 minutes after the intervention. Method of measurement: Numerical rating scale. The length of the first stage of labor. Timepoint: From dilatation 3 cm to 10 cm. Method of measurement: Timer( Seiko watch). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Intensity of labor pain. Timepoint: Intensity of labor pain is measured in dilatations of 3‐4 cm, 5‐7 cm, 10‐8 cm. These measurements are taken immediately, 15 minutes and 30 minutes after acupressure. Method of measurement: Pain measuring ruler (numerical rating scale). The length of the first stage of labor. Timepoint: The length of the first stage of labor is measured from dilatation 3‐4 cm to 10 cm. Method of measurement: The length of the first stage of labor is measured according to the official national clock of the Seiko model. INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 18‐35 Have at least literacy Spontaneous onset of labor pains and a desire to have a normal delivery When hospitalized, dilate 3‐4 cm. According to the mother, they should not be addicted to drugs and tobacco. ccording to the mother, they do not have family problems in the last 6 months and severe psychological crises such as the death of loved ones, migration, separation from their spouses, and so on. According to the mother, they do not have chronic diseases (heart disease, lung disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, etc.). Do not have high‐risk pregnancies (gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, decolman). Do not suffer from skin disorders such as eczema and superficial skin infections, which are some of the limitations of acupressure. The fetus should be single, alive, cephalic There are no high‐risk fetal criteria (fetal heart failure, decreased fetal movement, intrauterine growth restriction,
 Epidural Tap in Labor Analgesia FOR LABOR ANALGESIA;  This prospective, randomized study includes 70 ASA II primigravid women with cervical dilatation between 4‐6 cm and demanding epidural analgesia during spontaneous vaginal delivery. Participants with pregnancy‐related diseases (such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia) and contraindications for neuraxial block (infection, coagulation disorder, severe hypovolemia, sepsis, neurological deficit, cardiac valve stenosis or hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy) will be excluded from the study. Women with fetal malpresentation and fetal anomaly will also be excluded. Participants will randomly be divided into 2 equal groups. Immediately before epidural placement, subjects will be marked a VAS score during an active contraction. All subjects will have an intravenous catheter placed and be monitored with NST, noninvasive blood pressure and pulse oximetry. The epidural space will be identified by a loss of resistance technique to saline. CSF flow will be observed at L3‐L4 or L4‐L5 level by puncturing the dura with a 27 G needle before inserting the epidural catheter. A combined spinal epidural set with 18 G Tuohy needle will be used in both groups. In the first group, 20 mL of 0.125% bupivacaine + 2 mcg/mL fentanyl solution and in the second group, 20 mL of 0.0625% bupivacaine + 2 mcg/mL fentanyl solution will be administered as the first dose through the epidural catheter. Then, the visual analog scale (VAS) score will be aimed to be below 4 in both groups. Patients with a VAS score of 4 or higher 15 minutes after the first dose received, an additional 10 mL dose of the same solution will be given. An additional 10 mL dose also will be administered when the VAS score is 4 or higher until crowning. Before the epidural catheter placed; age, weight, height, blood pressure of the participants, gestational week, use of oxytocin during delivery, cervical dilatation amount before the procedure and fetal heart rate will be recorded. After each dose of administration, whether maternal hypotension, fetal bradycardia, pruritus, nausea‐vomiting or motor block development will be monitored. The total amount of drug administered through the epidural catheter, the time between applications, and the number of bolus doses administered will also be recorded.
 Ovulation induction and luteal phase support with GnRH agonists in in vitro fertilization;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: FOLLITROPIN BETA,Product Code: SUB12503MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 150I.U. / 0.18mL,Product Name: CORIFOLLITROPIN ALFA,Product Code: SUB01455MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION IN PRE‐FILLED SYRINGE,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 150µg / 0.5mL,Product Name: CETRORELIX,Product Code: SUB07459MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 0.25mg,Product Name: FOLLITROPIN ALFA,Product Code: SUB12426MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: POWDER AND SOLVENT FOR SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 75I.U.,Product Name: GANIRELIX,Product Code: SUB07883MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION IN PRE‐FILLED SYRINGE,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 0.25mg / 0.5mL,Product Name: CHORIOGONADOTROPIN ALFA,Product Code: SUB12481MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 250µg,Product Name: FOLLITROPIN DELTA,Product Code: SUB178607,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 72µg / 2.16mL,Product Name: SYNAREL 0,2 mg/dose, solution pour pulvérisation nasale,Product Code: PRD422901,Pharmaceutical Form: NASAL SPRAY, SOLUTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Nafarelin 0.2mg,Product Name: PROGESTERONE,Product Code: SUB10076MIG,Pharmaceutical Form: VAGINAL CAPSULE, SOFT,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: 200mg,Product Name: DECAPEPTYL 0,1 mg, poudre et solvant pour solution injectable (S.C.),Product Code: PRD390681,Pharmaceutical Form: SOLUTION FOR INJECTION,Other descriptive name: ,Strength: Triptorelin 100µg CONDITION: IVF (In vitro fertilization) or ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection) protocol with embryo transfer planned on the same cycle. ; MedDRA version: 21.0Level: PTClassification code: 10080951Term: Assisted reproductive technologySystem Organ Class: 100000004865 MedDRA version: 21.0Level: PTClassification code: 10080951Term: Assisted reproductive technologySystem Organ Class: 100000004865 Therapeutic area: Phenomena and Processes [G] ‐ Biological Phenomena [G16] INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients requiring conventional IVF or IVF with sperm injection (ICSI) from a partner or donor under the conditions defined by French law, after agreement by a multidisciplinary consultation meeting,Signed informed consent,Social security affiliation (excluding AME),Patients aged 18 to 39 included,First or second attempt at IVF or ICSI,BMI < 35 kg/m2,AMH > 1 ng/ml (= 7 pmol/L) and/or antral follicle count = 8,AMH <5 ng/ml and/or antral follicle count <40,Antagonist protocol (programmed or not),Treatment with recombinant FSH,Initial dose of recombinant FSH between 75 and 450 IU PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective:Demonstrate an increase in the rate of live births after 22 weeks' amenorrhea (SA) per cycle with GnRH agonist induction and support compared with the reference protocol combining hCG induction and luteal support with exogenous vaginal progesterone. Primary end point(s):Live birth, defined as the presence of a live birth after 22 weeks. Twin pregnancies will be counted as one birth. Secondary Objective:Demonstrate improved embryo implantation rate with GnRH agonist induction and support versus hCG induction and luteal support with exogenous vaginal progesterone,Demonstrate an improvement in the rate of early pregnancy between induction and GnRH agonist support versus induction with hCG and luteal support with vaginal exogenous progesterone,Demonstrate improvement in clinical pregnancy rate between induction and GnRH agonist support versus hCG induction and luteal support with exogenous vaginal progesterone,Demonstrate a decrease in the rate of miscarriage per incipient pregnancy between induction and GnRH agonist support versus induction with hCG and luteal support with vaginal exogenous progesterone,Demonstrate an increase in the rate of progressive pregnancy at 12 weeks' amenorrhea (12 SA) per cycle with GnRH agonist induction and support compared with the reference protocol combining hCG induction and luteal support with exogenous vaginal progesterone,Compare the impact on obstetrical data of induction and support with GnRH agonist versus induction with hCG and luteal support with exogenous vaginal progesterone,Demonstrate a decrease in the rate of moderate to severe ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, both early and late, with GnRH agonist induction and support versus hCG induction and luteal support with vaginal exogenous progesterone,To compare the evolution of corpora lutea in the luteal phase between initiation and support by GnRH agonist versus initiation by hCG and luteal support by exogenous vaginal progesterone,Evaluate the association of progesterone, estradiol, LH and hCG levels with pregnancies and miscarriages throughout follow‐up between induction and GnRH agonist support, and induction by hCG and luteal support by vaginal exogenous progesterone,Evaluate side effects between induction and GnRH agonist support versus induction with hCG and luteal support with vaginal exogenous progesterone,Compare embryonic development between triggering and support by GnRH agonist versus triggering by hCG and luteal support by exogenous vaginal progesterone. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s):1. Embryo implantation defined by the presence of a gestational sac visible on the first ultrasound (5‐8 weeks) Secondary end point(s):10. All adverse events up to delivery Secondary end point(s):2. Early pregnancy defined by the presence of an hCG level > 10 IU/ml 14 days after oocyte retrieval. Secondary end point(s):3. Clinical pregnancy, defined by the presence of an intrauterine gestational sac with embryo showing cardiac activity on ultrasound for 5‐10 SA Secondary end point(s):4. Miscarriage before 12 weeks, defined by the cessation of development of an early pregnancy before 12 weeks. An early pregnancy is defined as having an hCG level > 10 IU/ml 14 days after oocyte retrieval. Secondary end point(s):5. Ongoing pregnancy, defined as the presence of an intrauterine sac with an embryo with cardiac activity visible on ultrasound between 11 WA and 13 WA + 6 days (first trimester ultrasound of pregnancy). Secondary end point(s):6. Pregnancy hypertension and its term of onset, pre‐eclampsia and its term of onset, gestational diabetes and its term of onset, term and mode of delivery, medical termination of pregnancy, late miscarriage (between 12 and 22 SA), fetal death in utero Secondary end point(s):7. Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome defined as the presence of a moderate to severe syndrome, early and late. Early defined as the period before D10 post puncture and late defined as OHSS linked to pregnancy, according to the ABM reference system. Secondary end point(s):8. Level of progesterone, estradiol, LH and hCG on the day of the puncture and on D7 post puncture Secondary end point(s):9. Progesterone, estradiol, LH and hCG levels during follow‐up, presence of pregnancy and presence of miscarriage Secondary end point(s):Number of oocytes collected, number of mature oocytes, number of fertilized oocytes, number of embryos on the second day of development, number of blastocysts obtained, number of blastocysts transferred, number of blastocysts frozen
 comparison of delivery outcomes between 2 methods of physiologic and traditional delivery;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Physiological childbirth: according to the Country Guideline, it’s a method of natural childbirth, and Treatment approaches to alleviate include Non‐medical Pain relievers: Aromatherapy is a way in which You can rub lavender oil between your palms , and massage the parturient woman’s waist and hips during all stages of labor ; she can use birth ball and there is no limitation during labor as well as she can freely choose any position ; serum and oxytocin is not injected her in routine way; oxytocin injection is based on partograph. cardiac monitoring is not continuously; Episiotomy can be performed immediately if needed(according to method in proposal).it is notable that if it is necessary , I will be trained by an expert instructor who helps me getting my Birth certificate. Intervention 2: Traditional childbirth: During the study, traditional childbirth is defined as : birth mother's hospitalization based on Obstetric Indications, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring(FHR), amniotomy is not performed (unless placental abruption is suspected), oxytocin should not be used (unless partograph‐based intervention is necessary),using serum and branol, episiotomy was definded for women having their first pregnancy .it It should be noted that in traditional childbirth Everything is consistent with what is being done in the country. Physiological childbirth: according to the Country Guideline, it’s a method of natural childbirth, and Treatment approaches to alleviate include Non‐medical Pain relievers: Aromatherapy is a way in which You can rub lavender oil between your palms , and massage the parturient woman’s waist and hips during all stages of labor ; she can use birth ball and there is no limitation during labor as well as she can freely choose any position ; serum and oxytocin is not injected her in routine way; oxytocin injection is based on partograph. cardiac monitoring is not continuously; Episiotomy can be performed immediately if needed(according to method in proposal).it is notable that if it is necessary , I will be trained by an expert instructor who helps me getting my Birth certificate. Traditional childbirth: During the study, traditional childbirth is defined as : birth mother's hospitalization based on Obstetric Indications, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring(FHR), amniotomy is not performed (unless placental abruption is suspected), oxytocin should not be used (unless partograph‐based intervention is necessary),using serum and branol, episiotomy was definded for women having their first pregnancy .it It should be noted that in traditional childbirth Everything is consistent with what is being done in the country. CONDITION: Delivery. ; Single spontaneous delivery Single spontaneous delivery INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria 1‐ Women aged between 18‐35 years 2‐ Gestational age 37‐42 weeks based on the first day of the last menstrual period or based on ultrasound in Gestational age prior to12 weeks. 3‐ singleton pregnancy with cephalic presentation 4‐ Having low‐risk pregnancy (absence of chronic illness like heart disease, hypertension, lung disease, diabetes, anemia, urinary tract infection (UTI), thyroid disease, Epilepsy, no spontaneous abortion, Bleeding or any abnormal cases . 5‐ No specific or Unauthorized drug is used during pregnancy 6‐ primiparous pregnancy 8‐ no history of infertility 9‐ normal pelvis diameters (based on vaginal examination),height should not be under 145cm 10‐ absence of mental illness or an PRIMARY OUTCOME: Average lenghth of the first stage of labor. Timepoint: Lenghth of intervention. Method of measurement: Partograph. Average lenghth of the second Stage of labor. Timepoint: Lenghth of intervention. Method of measurement: Partograph. Average lenghth of the third stage of labor. Timepoint: Lenghth of intervention. Method of measurement: Partograph. Maternal outcomes: Post partum infection. Timepoint: After intervention. Method of measurement: Cheklist/ examination/ observation. Maternal outcomes: Type of delivery. Timepoint: One month after intervention. Method of measurement: Cheklist/ examination/ observation. Neonatal outcomes: Apgar scor. Timepoint: After intervention. Method of measurement: Cheklist/ examination/ observation. Neonatal outcomes: NICU. Timepoint: After intrevention. Method of measurement: Cheklist/ examination/ observation. Neonatal outcomes:ABG. Timepoint: After intervention. Method of measurement: Cheklist/ examination/ observation. 7‐ normal fetus‐baby weigh less than 4000 grams by using Johnson's formula [W=( ‐N 155], Fundal height (cm) above the pubic symphysis minus 12 if Vertex above Ischial Spine or minus 11 if below Ischial Spines.
 Aspirin in the Treatment of Pregnant Women With Adenomyosis on Reducing Preterm Delivery;  Research background: Adenomyosis (AD) is a benign uterine disease with endometrial glands and stroma invading into the myometrium, accompanied by hyperplasia and hypertrophy of uterine smooth muscle cells, which leads to abnormal uterine structure and function. In non pregnancy period, the main manifestations are diffuse enlargement of uterus, dysmenorrhea, menorrhagia, menorrhagia, which can lead to infertility. In recent years, with the delay of childbearing age, the incidence of adenomyosis in pregnancy is increasing gradually. The incidence of adenomyosis in the general population reached 20.9%, while the incidence of adenomyosis was higher in recurrent abortion and assisted reproduction, reaching 38.2% and 34.7% respectively. Studies have shown that adenomyosis is associated with early preterm delivery, late preterm delivery, low birth weight infants, very low birth weight infants, and small for gestational age infants. Patients with adenomyosis are prone to hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy, intrauterine infection, abnormal placenta, and increased cesarean section, postpartum hemorrhage and abnormal fetal position. Aspirin is widely used in the treatment of immune system diseases and the prevention of cerebrovascular diseases because of its anti‐inflammatory and anti platelet aggregation effects. Aspirin is more and more widely used in obstetrics and Gynecology, such as recurrent abortion caused by antiphospholipid antibody syndrome, recurrent abortion related to abnormal uterine artery blood flow and unexplained recurrent abortion. Since 1980, aspirin has been widely recommended for the prevention of pregnancy with high risk factors of preeclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, and it has been confirmed that aspirin is effective in the prevention of pregnancy It is safe in clinical application. The inflammatory environment of adenomyosis is closely related to the initiation of preterm delivery, but whether aspirin can benefit pregnant women with adenomyosis is still lacking. Research plan 2. Diagnostic criteria of adenomyosis: according to pre pregnancy and early pregnancy transvaginal ultrasound diagnosis. The diagnostic criteria of transvaginal ultrasound for adenomyosis include: (a) ectopic endometrial glands and stroma, (b) myometrium hyperplasia, hypertrophy, and increased blood vessels. Risk of study: placebo had no effect on subjects; adverse reactions of aspirin mainly included gastrointestinal reactions, risk of fetal teratogenesis before 12 weeks of pregnancy, and risk of bleeding during pregnancy. However, since 1980, aspirin has been widely used in the prevention of pregnancy with high risk factors of preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction, which proves that the probability of adverse reactions of low‐dose aspirin is very low, no teratogenic effect is found, and it has clinical safety. Benefits of the study: expected to reduce the incidence of preterm birth and improve adverse pregnancy outcomes. In order to explore the prevention and treatment of premature delivery and adverse pregnancy outcomes, it is necessary to provide a new therapeutic target, fill in the blank of the effective prevention of premature birth treatment of pregnancy combined with adenomyosis at home and abroad, which may reduce the medical costs related to pregnancy complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes, as well as the cost of dealing with adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study has important clinical application value and social and economic benefits. 1. Study population Inclusive criteria: ① Singleton; ② in line with the diagnosis of adenomyosis in pregnancy; ③ no history of chronic diseases and definite diagnosis of endocrine diseases, including diabetes, hypertension, obesity, antiphospholipid syndrome; ④ informed consent and voluntary participation in this study. Exclusion criteria: ① twins / multiple births; ② induced labor for medical reasons; ③ allergic to aspirin or other salicylates, tetracycline drugs or any other components of drugs; ④ patients with mental disorders; ⑤ transferred to hospital. Withdrawal criteria: Subjects withdraw informed consent; subjects request to withdraw from the trial. Termination of the experiment: unacceptable adverse events occurred; the subjects voluntarily asked to withdraw from the trial; the protocol was violated; the researcher / ethics committee considered it necessary for the subjects to stop the trial. 3. Sample size calculation: the incidence of preterm delivery in pregnant women with adenomyosis was about 21.63% (Mette R. Bruun et al. 2018). It is expected that the incidence of preterm birth in patients with adenomyosis during pregnancy will be reduced by 40% after aspirin intervention, that is, the incidence of premature delivery in the intervention group will be about 12.98%. Assuming that the test level α is 0.05, the test efficiency is 0.8, and one‐sided test, 236 sample sizes are estimated for the intervention group and the control group by using the sample size estimation software pass. Considering the loss of follow‐up rate of about 10%, the sample size of intervention group and control group was about 262 cases. Therefore, 550 pregnant women were recruited in this study. 4. Statistical analysis plan: the statistical analysis in the study is based on the principle of intention to treat (ITT), that is, all the subjects involved in the study participate in the statistical analysis. Chi square test or unpaired t test was used to analyze the difference between the intervention group and the control group. In the chi square test, if the theoretical frequency of cells was less than 5, Fisher exact probability method was used, and the Mann Whitney U test was used for quantitative variables that did not conform to normal distribution. Chi square test was used to analyze the difference of preterm birth rate between intervention group and control group. Logistic regression model was used to estimate the relative risk value and 95% confidence interval (95% confidence interval) of preterm birth between the two groups. The choice of statistical analysis method for secondary outcome indicators was consistent with that in primary outcome analysis. SAS viya was used as the analysis software in the study, and the difference was statistically significant when p < 0.05. Informed consent process: the subject's informed consent work is in charge of a specially assigned person, who will provide sufficient and easy to understand information to the pregnant women who meet the inclusion conditions; the subjects of informed consent are all those with independent ability, and they will not be able to participate in this project if they have no independent ability; there will be no pressure on pregnant women who meet the inclusion conditions in the process of informed consent. In the process of participating in the research, it will ensure that research participants get timely information (including their rights, safety and health). research implementation process: research steps (describe the data collection content and method according to the time node) 2020.10‐2020.12：we distributed recruitment advertisements, prepared placebos and aspirin, screened and enrolled patients, signed informed consent, and arranged outpatient follow‐up of enrolled patients; 2021.01‐2021.06：150 cases of pregnant women with adenomyosis were planned to be enrolled, and the registration and follow‐up of the patients were done well; 2021.07‐2021.12：150 cases of pregnant women with adenomyosis were planned to be enrolled; the experimental data were summarized gradually; the information of defect was recorded; 2022.01‐2022.06：150 cases of pregnancy with adenomyosis were planned to be enrolled, the pregnancy outcomes of the pregnant women were counted, and the case report forms were completed; 2022.07‐2022.09： we plan to complete the work of 50 cases of pregnancy with adenomyosis, analyze the data statistically, write papers and final reports. Recruitment and protection measures of subjects There are recruitment advertisements in this study, and other documents are provided; Protective measures for the subjects: in order to reduce the adverse reactions of aspirin as far as possible, we used aspirin enteric coated tablets, 50mg, twice a day, the dosage belongs to low dose. From 12 weeks of gestation to 36 weeks of gestation. If you have bleeding during pregnancy, you need to stop taking aspirin, and you can continue to take aspirin after the bleeding disappears. The number of follow‐up visits during pregnancy is roughly the same as that of general prenatal examination (about 10 times), without additional visits; about 5ml more blood will be drawn for examination on the day of establishing pregnancy card, and the extra examination cost will be borne by the research group; we will arrange experienced doctors to take charge of the whole pregnancy examination of the subjects and keep communication at any time. We will pay more attention to the subject's gastrointestinal reaction, tinnitus, erythema, liver and kidney function and other discomfort during each birth examination. If there is any abnormality, we will take the following measures: (1) immediately stop your experiment if the condition requires; (2) be responsible for the treatment of your adverse drug reactions; (3) give appropriate economic compensation according to the degree of your injury.
 The effect of quercetin supplementation in women with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: control group received 500mg placebo(lactose) daily for 10 weeks Intervention 1: The intervention group received daily 500mg capsule quercetin for 10 weeks. Intervention 2: control group received 500mg placebo(lactose) daily for 10 weeks. Placebo The intervention group received daily 500mg capsule quercetin for 10 weeks Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Non‐insulin dependent type2 diabetes Type 2 diabetes. ; Non‐insulin dependent type2 diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Mercury Barometer ‐ mmHg. FBS. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Enzymatically‐mg/dl. HbA1c. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Enzymatically‐mg/dl. HDL‐c. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Enzymatically‐mg/dl. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: ELISA‐mg/L. IL‐6. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: ELISA‐pg/ml. LDL‐c. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Enzymatically‐mg/dl. MDA. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: ELISA‐ng/ml. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Mercury Barometer ‐ mmHg. TG. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Enzymatically‐mg/dl. TNF‐a. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: ELISA‐pg/ml. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Chemical colorimetric‐mmol/L. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: befor start and end of study. Method of measurement: Enzymatically‐mg/dl. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Food intake. Timepoint: First, the fifth week, the tenth week. Method of measurement: Inventory Software N4. Physical Activity. Timepoint: before start and end of sudy. Method of measurement: IPAQ Questionnaire‐Met.minutes/week. The waist to hip circumference. Timepoint: before start and end of sudy. Method of measurement: Tape‐Centimeter. Weight. Timepoint: before start and end of sudy. Method of measurement: Weight gauge‐Kg. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria 1. Willingness to participate in the study 2. Type 2 diabetes diagnosed by a physician 3. Having a history of diabetes at least 3 years 4. Age between 35‐55 years 5. Not smoking and addiction 6. Lack of severe heart disease, stroke, liver disease, renal, gastrointestinal, thyroid, parathyroid, rheumatoid arthritis and infectious disease 7. Lack of insulin 8. Lack of antioxidant supplements in the previous month 9. Lack of pregnancy and lactation Exclusion criteria 1. Need to change the dose and type of drug from the baseline to the end 2. Occurring in pregnancy 3. Less than 70% adherence 4. Unwillingness to continue reading 5. Staying beyond the fixed type and dose of drugs during the intervention. 6. There are diseases that require special treatment
 Effect of vitamin d on endothelial function in early diabetic nephropathy;  Background and Aims: Diabetic Nephropathy is associated with endothelial dysfunction at an early stage. The benefit of Vitamin D supplementation on endothelial function is supported by a few studies in non‐diabetic chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, studies on its effect in early DN is scarce. Hence, the present study was planned to assess the effect of vitamin D supplementation on endothelial function by measuring Flow mediated dilation (FMD) in patient of early DN. Method: A total of 730 Diabetic subjects were screened for early DN based on Inclusion criteria (eGFR ≥ 120ml/min/1.73 m2 with unrestricted ACR value eGFR of 60‐120 mL/ min/1.73 m2 and ACR 30‐300mg) and Exclusion criteria (on ACE I or ARB, eGFR<60ml/min/1.73m2, Hypercalcemia (>11.5mg%), UTI, Pregnancy, Hypertension, HbA1c (>8.0 %), vitamin D supplementation during the last 6 month). Of them 103 included subjects were underwent randomization to receive either Cholecalciferol (54) or matching Placebo (49) in a double blind method. All were subjected to routine investigations, urinary albumin: creatinine (UACR), C reactive protein (CRP), serum 25(OH)vitamin D, intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and Flow mediated dilatation at the zero and six months. All subjects were subjected. Comparative results at zero and six months of both groups were compared and analyzed. Figure: Results: There was no significant difference between cholecalciferol and placebo group with respect to CRP, iPTH, 25‐hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D), UACR, FMD at baseline. Median FMD after 6 month was significantly higher in cholecalciferol as compared to placebo group [Median (IQR): 24%(21.75‐26.0) and 22% (18‐24) respectively, p= 0.01]. After 6 month UACR was significantly lower in the cholecalciferol group as compared to placebo group (p= 0.04). Significant association of vitamin D level was observed with CRP level. In 25(OH) D< 20 ng/ml subgroup there was significant decrease in CRP level in comparison to 25(OH) ≥Apcode≥20 ng/ml subgroup (p=0.04). Conclusion: There was significant improvement in endothelial function as assessed by FMD% following vitamin D supplementation. Vitamin D supplementation given to early diabetic nephropathy patients may have favourable effects on cardiovascular outcome as reflected by improvement in FMD% and decrease in CRP level (Figure Presented).
 Effect of sildenafil citrate on endometrial preparation and on the outcome of the frozen-thawed embryo transfer cycles;  INTERVENTION: For group I start 2mg estradiol valerat (tablet) from first to 4th day of the menstrual cycle, and continue by 4mg from 5th to 8th day, and 6mg from 9th to 20th day of the menstrual cycle. In 13th day of the menstrual cycle endometrial thickness estimated with transvaginal ultrasonography (arranged in a series every other day), evaluations were performed by a single investigator, if the endometrial thickness is more than 8mm, 100 mg progesterone injected intramuscular and after three days embryo was transferred. Estradiol valerat and progesterone continued until two weeks after embryo transferred, then BHCG tested. If BHCG is positive, estradiol valerat and progesterone continues until 11 weeks of pregnancy . Then four weeks after the embryo transfer, the number of gestational sac are determined by vaginal ultrasound. In the group II in addition to the above treatment protocol, from first day of cycle until the day of starting progesterone will be given 50mg sildenafil citrate tablets daily and it was discontinued between 48‐72 hours previous of the embryo transfer. In 13th day of the menstrual cycle endometrial thickness estimated with transvaginal ultrasonography (arranged in a series every other day), evaluations were performed by a single investigator, if the endometrial thickness is more than 8mm, 100 mg progesterone injected intramuscular and after three days embryo was transferred. Estradiol valerat and progesterone continued until two weeks after embryo transferred, then BHCG tested. If BHCG is positive, estradiol valerat and progesterone continues until 11 weeks of pregnancy . Then four weeks after the embryo transfer, the number of gestational sac are determined by vaginal ultrasound. Intervention 1: For group I start 2mg estradiol valerat (tablet) from first to 4th day of the menstrual cycle, and continue by 4mg from 5th to 8th day, and 6mg from 9th to 20th day of the menstrual cycle. In 13th day of the menstrual cycle endometrial thickness estimated with transvaginal ultrasonography (arranged in a series every other day), evaluations were performed by a single investigator, if the endometrial thickness is more than 8mm, 100 mg progesterone injected intramuscular and after three days embryo was transferred. Estradiol valerat and progesterone continued until two weeks after embryo transferred, then BHCG tested. If BHCG is positive, estradiol valerat and progesterone continues until 11 weeks of pregnancy . Then four weeks after the embryo transfer, the number of gestational sac are determined by vaginal ultrasound. Intervention 2: In the group II in addition to the above treatment protocol, from first day of cycle until the day of starting progesterone will be given 50mg sildenafil citrate tablets daily and it was discontinued between 48‐72 hours previous of the embryo transfer. In 13th day of the menstrual cycle endometrial thickness estimated with transvaginal ultrasonography (arranged in a series every other day), evaluations were performed by a single investigator, if the endometrial thickness is more than 8mm, 100 mg progesterone injected intramuscular and after three days embryo was transferred. Estradiol valerat and progesterone continued until two weeks after embryo transferred, then BHCG tested. If BHCG is positive, estradiol valerat and progesterone continues until 11 weeks of pregnancy . Then four weeks after the embryo transfer, the number of gestational sac are determined by vaginal ultrasound. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Complications of attempted introduction of embryo in embryo transfer Female Infertility. ; Complications of attempted introduction of embryo in embryo transfer PRIMARY OUTCOME: Chemical pregnancy. Timepoint: Two weeks after embryo transfer. Method of measurement: BHCG test. Endometrial thickness. Timepoint: ?Within a day from 13th day of the menstrual cycle. Method of measurement: Vaginal sonoghraphy. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Duration of infertility. Timepoint: Before intervention. Method of measurement: Patient's medical record. FSH, LH, FSH/LH level. Timepoint: ratio in progesterone day administration. Method of measurement: Blood sample. Implantation rate. Timepoint: Four weeks after the embryo transfer. Method of measurement: Number of gestational sac are determined by vaginal ultrasound. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria: All infertile women have high quality frozen embryos. Exclusion criteria: 1. Age> 40 2. History of endocrine disease such as: diabetes; Hyperthyroidism and Hyperprolactinemia 3. History of hysteroscopic surgery due to intrauterine adhesions 4. History of cardiovascular, renal or liver disease 5. Hypotension( blood pressure<90/50) 6. History of stroke or myocardial infarction 7. Poor quality embryos 8. Alcohol or Substance abuse
 The Effects of cranberry juice in type 2 diabetic male patients;  INTERVENTION: A double‐blind randomized clinical trial of parallel design was used. During a 2‐week baseline period, participants continued their usual diet without any cranberry (Run‐in period), then in control group patients consumed 1 cup (240m1) placebo drink (natural mineral water with strawberry flavor) for 12 weeks.Thirty, nonsmoking type 2 diabetes(T2D) male patients were recruited from the Endocrine Research Center of Tehran University of Medical sciences (TUMS), Tehran, Iran from Sep 2009 to March 2011.All patients were asked to maintain their usual diet and physical activity level and not to alter their lifestyle during the intervention. Twenty‐nine patients in control group ended the study. A double‐blind randomized clinical trial of parallel design was used. During a 2‐week baseline period, participants continued their usual diet without any cranberry (Run‐in period), then in intervention group Patients consumed 1 cup (240m1) cranberry juice (CJ group) for 12 weeks.Thirty, nonsmoking type 2 diabetes(T2D) male patients were recruited from the Endocrine Research Center of Tehran University of Medical sciences (TUMS), Tehran, Iran from Sep 2009 to March 2011.All patients were asked to maintain their usual diet and physical activity level and not to alter their lifestyle during the intervention. Twenty‐nine patients in intervention group ended the study. Intervention 1: A double‐blind randomized clinical trial of parallel design was used. During a 2‐week baseline period, participants continued their usual diet without any cranberry (Run‐in period), then in intervention group Patients consumed 1 cup (240m1) cranberry juice (CJ group) for 12 weeks.Thirty, nonsmoking type 2 diabetes(T2D) male patients were recruited from the Endocrine Research Center of Tehran University of Medical sciences (TUMS), Tehran, Iran from Sep 2009 to March 2011.All patients were asked to maintain their usual diet and physical activity level and not to alter their lifestyle during the intervention. Twenty‐nine patients in intervention group ended the study. Intervention 2: A double‐blind randomized clinical trial of parallel design was used. During a 2‐week baseline period, participants continued their usual diet without any cranberry (Run‐in period), then in control group patients consumed 1 cup (240m1) placebo drink (natural mineral water with strawberry flavor) for 12 weeks.Thirty, nonsmoking type 2 diabetes(T2D) male patients were recruited from the Endocrine Research Center of Tehran University of Medical sciences (TUMS), Tehran, Iran from Sep 2009 to March 2011.All patients were asked to maintain their usual diet and physical activity level and not to alter their lifestyle during the intervention. Twenty‐nine patients in control group ended the study. Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: E(E00‐E90) IV Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases. ; E11 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Apoa‐I. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: laboratory kits. ApoB. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: laboratory kits. Glucose. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: laboratory kits. Lp(a). Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kits. Paraoxonase‐1. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Laboratory kits. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Weight/height2. Waist circumference. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: nonstrechable tape. Weight. Timepoint: 12 weeks. Method of measurement: electronic scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: BMI more than 30 kg/m2; HbAlc less than 9% ; serum triglyceride < 400mg/d1 ; serum total cholesterol< 240mg/d1; taking oral hypoglycemic agents but not insulin. Exclusion criteria:A recent (within previous 3 months) or past history of symptomatic heart disease ; myocardial infarction ; angina pectoris or stroke ; surgery ; liver ; renal (plasma creatinine >1.62 mg/d1) or thyroid disease; use of steroids or drugs with unknown components ; change in the use of medication for diabetes ; hypertension ; dyslipidemia or anti‐platelet in the previous 2 months ; pregnancy or reastfeeding.
 The effect of oral sucrose on Premature Newborns pain ";" The effect of kangaroo Mother care on Premature Newborns pain; ";  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Newborns in kangaroo care group receive kangaroo Mother Care 30 minutes before intravenous blood sampling. Intervention 2: Intervention group: In neonates of oral sucrose group, 2 min before intravenous blood sampling 0.5 ml of 24% oral sucrose solution is poured onto the anterior part of the tongue using a syringe. Intervention 3: Control group: In the control group, routine care will be taken and will not receive any intervention before venous blood sampling. CONDITION: Pain from intravenous blood sampling in premature newborns. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Heart Rate. Timepoint: 5 minutes before, during and 5 minutes after venous blood sampling. Method of measurement: Oximeter Pulse. Pain Score. Timepoint: 5 minutes before, during and 5 minutes after venous blood sampling. Method of measurement: Neonatal Infant Pain Scale. Percentage of Arterial Blood Oxygen. Timepoint: 5 minutes before, during and 5 minutes after venous blood sampling. Method of measurement: Oximeter Pulse. Respiration Rate. Timepoint: 5 minutes before, during and 5 minutes after venous blood sampling. Method of measurement: Oximeter Pulse. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Premature Infants with Gestational Age of 28‐37( Infant Age not exceeding 37 weeks after Birth) with stable clinical status. Birth weight 1500 grams or more Absence of cardiac, respiratory, infectious, neurological and metabolic defects Apgar score of 7‐10 at the first and fifth minutes Feeding the baby from the mouth. Failure to take painful measures one hour before starting study No intrauterine growth retardation Having a sucking reflex and response to painful stimulation. No infant with diabetes No necrotizing enterocolitis No use of pharmacological and non‐pharmacological measures of pain control during the past 24 hours Age after birth 48 hours or more, so that the corrected age should not exceed 37 weeks. Maternal non‐addiction to cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs during pregnancy. Moms with a good general outlook and a willingness to cooperate and not have a specific underlying illness in the mother
 Preconception lifestyle intervention in obese women improves echocardiographic indices of cardiac structure and function in their offspring: follow up of a randomized controlled trial;  Background: Maternal obesity has emerged as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, as offspring of obese mothers are prone for hypertension, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Animal studies and small observational human studies suggest that maternal obesity directly affects fetal cardiovascular development, which may explain the increased health risk in the offspring. As the incidence of maternal obesity worldwide is rapidly rising, preventive strategies are needed to reduce cardiovascular disease burden in two generations. Purpose: To assess the effects of a preconception lifestyle intervention in obese women on echocardiographic indices of cardiac structure and function in the offspring at the age of 6 years. We hypothesize that children born form obese mothers that received a lifestyle intervention prior to pregnancy will have enhanced echocardiographic markers of cardiac health. Methods: This study is embedded in the WOMB project, which is a follow up of a randomised controlled trial that included 577 obese sub/infertile women. A 6 months preconception lifestyle intervention aimed at weight loss prior to fertility care was given to the intervention group and a control group received fertility care as usual. We conducted complete transthoracic echocardiograms in the offspring at age 6‐7 years. The clinician performing the echocardiograms and offline measurements was blinded to group allocation. We used EchoPAC analysis software for offline measurements of dimension, mass and stroke volume of the cardiac chambers. Results: We included 44 children, mean age 6.1 years (SD 0.9), 57% girls. Children of women in the intervention group (n= 17) had a thinner interventricular septum (Z‐score‐0.6% [SD 0.7] vs 0.2% [SD 0.4], p <0.001) a lower left ventricular mass index (53.4 g/m2 [SD 9.1] vs 59.9 g/m2 [SD 7.0], p= 0.01) and an increased ejection fraction (60.9% [SD 3.5] vs. 56.6% [SD 4.6], p=0.004) compared to children of controls (n=27). These are all indices of better cardiovascular health Conclusion: Preconception lifestyle intervention in obese women results in a thinner interventricular septum, a lower left ventricular mass and higher ejection fraction in the offspring at age 6, suggesting better cardiovascular development and function. This is the first experimental human evidence of the effect of improving (pre)pregnancy maternal lifestyle to enhance cardiovascular function and potentially reduce cardiovascular disease risk in the next generation.
 Real-time Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Diabetic Cardiothoracic Surgery Patients;  Diabetes is a major and independent risk factor of coronary disease. Coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) significantly improves the patients' prognostic. However postoperative hyperglycemia is a morbidity and mortality factor. Tight glycemic control with intensive insulin therapy dramatically reduces in‐hospital mortality and adverse outcome but with a significant risk of hypoglycaemia. Intensive discontinuous blood glucose control may be insufficient to adapt insulin doses to reach ambitious glycemia targets in safety. Therefore new tools are needed for glucose monitoring in diabetic patients admitted in surgery intensive care units (ICU). The mini‐invasive continuous interstitial glucose monitoring device Glucoday® (Menarini Diagnostics) has been recently developed and allows to access continuous interstitial glucose monitoring with real time record display. The primary outcome measure: is the Comparison of post CABG glycemia in diabetic patients treated by intensive insulin therapy either by conventional monitoring (discontinuous capillary glucose monitoring), or by conventional monitoring and CGM using GlucoDay®. The principal criterion of glycemic control is the percent of time spent in normoglycemia (0.8 ‐ 1.10 g/L). The secondary outcome measures: are 1: Comparison of percent of post CABG time in hyperglycemia (>1.8 g/l) and hypoglycemia (<0.5 g/l) in the two randomization groups. 2: Comparison of clinical outcomes incidence during 30 days after CABG: death rate, cardiovascular events (acute coronary syndromes, heart failure, arrhythmia) stream infections, neurologic events. 3: Comparison of performance and accuracy between CGM with Glucoday® and conventional capillary blood glucose monitoring in the setting of CABG and surgical ICU. 4: Comparison of duration of stay in ICU and in the surgical care unit. 5: Description of device and care tolerance by collection of all adverse events due to the device during the hospitalization Study design: It's an efficacy multi‐center randomized clinical trial with parallel assignment. The principal analysis will be performed on all patients and if the difference is clinically significant, it will be performed on sub‐groups. Inclusion criteria are Patients aged from 20 to 80 years, patients admitted for CABG ,patients with Known type 1 and type 2 diabetes, patients with Type 2 diabetes discovered during surgical or anaesthetic pre‐operative consultation (plasmatic glycemia > 1.26 g/l) needing only dietary guidelines, Patients affiliated to the French Social Security and informed consent signed Exclusion criteria are patients with other types of cardiac surgery than CABG, Patients admitted in emergency, Pregnancy or breastfeeding for woman, Patients included in an other clinical trial with an exclusion period still running, Patients under safeguard of justice Study procedures: ‐ Arm 1. conventional glucose monitoring (discontinuous glucose monitoring) ‐ Arm 2. conventional glucose monitoring + GlucoDay® (continuous glycemic monitoring) Primary efficacy end‐points: percent of time spent in normoglycemia (0.80‐1.10 g/l) between the end of the surgical intervention and 48 hours after the first device calibration (performed after the intervention) The enrollment: is 154 patients, 77 in each group Flow chart: Principal secondary efficacy end‐points: 1: percent of time in hyperglycemia (> 1.8 g/l) and in hypoglycaemia (<0.5g/l) between time of intervention and 48 hours after the first device calibration. 2: composite criterion evaluated one month after inclusion: death or cardiovascular event events (acute coronary syndromes, heart failure, arrhythmia) stream infections, neurologic events. 3: agreement between CGM with Glucoday® and conventional capillary blood glucose monitoring using coupled data recorded at the same time except couples of data corresponding to calibration time (T0, T24H). 4: duration of stay in hospital for the two randomization groups. 5: device and care tolerance by collection of all adverse events due to the device during the hospitalization. At the screening visit, patients are informed about the study, eligibility criteria are verified and standard laboratory analyses are performed. At the inclusion visit (one day before surgical intervention), eligibility criteria are verified, the informed consent is signed, standard laboratory analyses, clinical exam and randomization are performed. At day 0, The CABG is performed and the patients are transferred to ICU where Glucoday® is installed. At day 2 (48 hours) Glucoday® is removed. At day 7, a clinical exam is performed. Between CABG and day 30 all events are collected.
 Comparison of prophylactic administration of cefazolin, ampicillin and azithromycin in prevention of postpartum infections after cesarean;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: receiving routine prophylactic (cefazolin 2 g of 30 to 60 minutes before cutting). Intervention 2: regimen of 2 g of cefazolin in 30 to 60 minutes before cutting + 500 mg intravenous azithromycin. Intervention 3: regimen of ampicillin 2 g in 30 to 60 minutes before cutting + 500 mg intravenous azithromycin. Prevention receiving routine prophylactic (cefazolin 2 g of 30 to 60 minutes before cutting) regimen of 2 g of cefazolin in 30 to 60 minutes before cutting + 500 mg intravenous azithromycin regimen of ampicillin 2 g in 30 to 60 minutes before cutting + 500 mg intravenous azithromycin CONDITION: 085‐092 Complications predominantly related to the puerperium postpartum infection. ; Complications predominantly related to the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postpartum infection. Timepoint: Discharge, 2 weeks and 6 weeks after surgery. Method of measurement: Fever, abdominal pain, uterine tenderness, erythema, and purulent discharge from the wound. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Duration of hospitalization. Timepoint: Study duration. Method of measurement: Medical record. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria were: Non‐elective Caesarean section women candidates; Gestational age of 28 weeks and more. Exclusion criteria were: Sensitivity to cefazolin or ampicillin or azithromycin; Unwillingness of patients; Received systemic antibiotics within 2 last weeks; Fever prior cesarean; PROM more than 18 hours; chorioamnionitis; Receiving immunosuppressive drugs; Diseases such as diabetes and immune deficiency: liver disease, kidney disease and heart failure or pulmonary edema; multiple pregnancies; preeclampsia; Urinary tract infection or pneumonia; Operation for more than an hour; Intraoperative subcutaneous drains; Abnormal adherence of the placenta to be observed during operation; Elective caesarean; Diarrhea at the time of delivery; Any patient with significant electrolyte disturbances such as hypokalemia, hypocalcemia.
 L-Arginine treatment for severe vascular fetal intrauterine growth restriction: a randomized double-blind controlled trial;  BACKGROUND & AIMS: Infants born with severe IUGR are exposed to higher neonatal mortality and morbidity rates, as compared with appropriate‐for‐gestational‐age. They are exposed to a higher risk of developing chronic disease such as hypertension, coronary artery disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. L‐Arginine is a precursor of nitric oxide (NO) and may play a role in placental vascular mediation or local vasodilatation. OBJECTIVE: The current study was designed to determine whether oral supplementation of gravid patients suffering from severe intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) with L‐arginine, would enhance birth weight and/or decrease neonatal morbidity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty‐four patients with a singleton pregnancy who had been referred for IUGR detected by ultrasonic examination were included. Vascular IUGR was defined by fetal abdominal circumference less than or equal to the 3rd percentile, associated with abnormal uterine Doppler. After double‐blind randomization, patients received either 14 g/day of L‐arginine, or a placebo. RESULTS: The characteristics of the two groups of patients (IUGR with L‐arginine vs IUGR with placebo) were similar upon randomization. There was no significant difference between the two groups concerning birth weight (1042+/‐476 vs. 1068+/‐452 g). At delivery, maternal and neonatal characteristics were similar in the two groups. There was no difference in the Clinical Risk Index for Babies (CRIB) score, the duration of ventilatory assistance, nor the delay between birth and full enteral feeding between the two groups. CONCLUSION: In this study which is, at the best of our knowledge, the first double‐bind, multicenter, randomized trial in this condition, L‐arginine is not an effective treatment for severe vascular growth restriction
 The effect of amniotic membrane on post cesarean pain;  INTERVENTION: Control group: In the control group, routine dressing is performed by putting dry sterile gauze on the wound. Intervention 1: Interventional group: in the intervention group after removal of the placenta, the fetal amniotic membrane is separated from the placenta by a gynecologist surgen. The membrane is placed as double‐layered on the sutured wound. The intended intervention is applied immediately after suturing, remaining on the wound until the removal of stitches (24 hours). Intervention 2: Control group: In the control group, routine dressing is performed by putting dry sterile gauze on the wound. Interventional group: in the intervention group after removal of the placenta, the fetal amniotic membrane is separated from the placenta by a gynecologist surgen. The membrane is placed as double‐layered on the sutured wound. The intended intervention is applied immediately after suturing, remaining on the wound until the removal of stitches (24 hours). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: caesarean section. ; Single delivery by caesarean section Single delivery by caesarean section PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: 4, 12, 24, 36, 48 hrs after caesarean. Method of measurement: VAS. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐. Timepoint: ‐. Method of measurement: ‐. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: gestational age between 38 and 42 weeks, willingness to participate in the study, experiencing the first cesarean section, live and singleton pregnancy, not having any kind of previous surgery, not smoking or consuming alcohol and drugs, no history of known diseases (such as liver and kidney dysfunction, cardiovascular, respiratory, and neuromuscular diseases, diabetes, and hypertension), and undergoing general anesthesia. exclusion criteria: the surgery last for more than 90 minutes, the patients do not cooperate in measuring and recording the pain level
 Calcium supplementation for prevention of pre-eclampsia;  INTERVENTION: Pregnant women who meet the eligibility criteria of the trial will be randomised using a minimisation algorithm to ensure balance in treatment allocation (central randomisation, 1:1 ratio, with minimisation). Participants will be allocated to receive either calcium carbonate tablets 2 g/day (1g tablet twice daily) commenced from 12 to 22 weeks’ gestation, taken until delivery, plus usual care (including aspirin), or to placebo tablets plus usual care. CONDITION: Prevention of pre‐eclampsia in women at increased risk ; Pregnancy and Childbirth ; Pre‐eclampsia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pre‐eclampsia, as defined by the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy (ISSHP), assessed up to primary hospital discharge after birth SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; All secondary outcomes will be measured using patient medical records up to hospital discharge or 4 weeks after estimated delivery, whichever is sooner.; ; For the woman: Pre‐eclampsia Core Outcome Set (COS) outcomes, namely:; 1. Death; 2. Eclampsia; 3. Stroke; 4. Visual impairment: retinal detachment or cortical blindness; 5. Pulmonary oedema; 6. Acute kidney injury: creatinine =90 µmol/l; 1 mg/dl; 7. Liver capsule haematoma (confirmed on ultrasound); 8. Raised liver enzymes: alanine aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) >40 IU/l; 9. Low platelets < 150,000/µl; 10. Abruption; 11. Postpartum haemorrhage: estimated or measured blood loss =500 ml and =1000 after birth; 12. Admission to Intensive Treatment Unit (ITU):; 12.1. Any admission; 12.2. Days of admission; 13. Use of mechanical ventilation or intubation (for other than Caesarean section); ; In addition to these core outcomes (woman), the researchers will record:; 14. Gestational hypertension: new‐onset hypertension =140/90 mmHg (at least two measurements several hours apart) after 20 weeks gestation in the absence of proteinuria or other features of pre‐eclampsia; 15. Severe hypertension: blood pressure =160 mmHg systolic and/or 110 mmHg diastolic; 16. Severe pre‐eclampsia, defined as pre‐eclampsia with severe features (ACOG definition) including severe hypertension or low platelets <100,000 x 10e9/l, or abnormal liver function tests (LFTs) (liver enzymes at least twice the upper limit of normal) and right upper quadrant pain not accounted for by other diagnosis, or abnormal renal function (creatinine >1.1 mg/dl), or pulmonary edema or visual impairment or severe headache unresponsive to medication and no other cause found.; 17. HELLP syndrome based on a clinician diagnosis, supported by low platelets and raised liver enzymes as defined above with or without evidence of haemolysis (raised LDH enzyme or blood film); 18. Preterm pre‐eclampsia:; 18.1. Diagnosed before 37 weeks; 18.2. Diagnosed before 32 weeks; 19. Use of magnesium sulphate for pre‐eclampsia; 20. Onset of birth: spontaneous, induction of labour or elective Caesarean section; 21. Mode of birth: vaginal birth, assisted vaginal birth, Caesarean section (emergency or elective); 22. Adverse effects: maternal hypercalcaemia, renal stones, neonatal hypocalcaemia, stopping of medication due to adverse effects; ; For the baby: COS outcomes namely:; 1. Any death in the baby up to hospital discharge. The researchers will collect data separately for:; 1.1. Fetal loss <22 weeks gestation; 1.2. Fetal loss =22 weeks’ gestation (stillbirth); 1.3. Neonatal death (from birth up to 28 days); 1.3.1. Early neonatal death (up to 7 days after birth); 1.3.2. Late neonatal death (from 7 days up to 28 days); 1.4. Perinatal death – stillbirth or neonatal death up to 7 days; 2. Gestational age at delivery (median, <28 weeks, <32 weeks, <37 weeks); 3. Birthweight (mean, <3rd centile, <10th centile); 4. Admission to NNU; 4.1. Any admission; 4.2. Days of admission; 5. Neonatal brain injury ‐ hypoxic‐ischaemic encephalopathy requiring therapeutic hypothermia of neonatal stroke, severe intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH) grade III/IV and/or cystic periventricular leukomalacia; ; In addition to these core outcomes (baby), the researchers will record:; 6. Level of neonatal care (admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU)/special care baby unit (SCBU)); 7. Respiratory support morbidity; 7.1. Surfactant use; 7.2. Use of mechanical ventilation; 7.3. Duration of respiratory support; 8. Chronic lung disease (CLD) requiring oxygen therapy at 36 weeks post‐menstrual age.; 9. Necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) requiring surgery; 10. Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) requiring treatment with laser or anti‐VEGF injection; 11. Composite of death or serious morbidity: death or chronic liver disease (CLD), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) grade III/IV, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) requiring surgery or retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) requiring treatment; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Over 16 years of age 2. Able to provide informed consent to participate 3. After a dating scan has confirmed viability (usually between 10 and 14 weeks gestation) 4. 22 weeks’ 0 days gestation or less 5. Women deemed eligible for aspirin therapy based on NICE guideline criteria below where a woman has either: 5.1. One high‐risk factor: 5.1.1. Hypertensive disease during a previous pregnancy 5.1.2. Chronic renal disease 5.1.3. Autoimmune disease such as SLE or antiphospholipid syndrome 5.1.4. Type 1 or 2 diabetes 5.1.5. Chronic hypertension 5.2. Or two or more moderate risk factors: 5.2.1. First pregnancy 5.2.2. Age more than 40 years 5.2.3. BMI =35 at first visit
 Early Versus Late Post Caesarean Section Oral Anticoagulation Initiation and Risk of Maternal Complications in Patients With Mechanical Heart Valve Prosthesis;  ‐Background and Rationale: Cardiac valve replacement surgery has saved the lives of hundreds of thousands of patients with acquired (e.g. rheumatic) or congenital cardiac disorders (McLintock, 2011). Pregnancy induces a state of hypercoagulability with a high risk of thromboembolism. The thromboembolic risks are much higher in patients with mechanical prosthetic heart valves (Hanania, 2001). Vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) constitute the safest anticoagulation for mechanical heart valves (MHV) whether within or outside of pregnancy. However, these drugs can cross the placenta and can cause embryopathy, fetopathy, and bleeding. In the peripartum period, there is also an increase in the bleeding risk for both, the mother and the neonate. (Bhagra et al, 2017). On the other hand, heparins, both unfractionated (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), do not cross the placenta and are considered safe for the fetus. However, heparin seems an inadequate anticoagulant when used for MHV over long periods such as in pregnancy. This is due in part to the thrombogenic nature of MHV (Arya, 2019). The preferred approach from the European society of cardiology (ESC) is the sequential use of heparin (LMWH or UFH) in the first trimester, VKAs in second and third trimesters reverting to heparin at 36 weeks gestation. If the warfarin dose required to reach the therapeutic international normalized ratio (INR) is 5 mg or less, it is suggested that warfarin could be continued in the first trimester. Therapeutic heparin (either unfractionated or low molecular weight) should be restarted 4‐6 hours after delivery as long as the patient has no significant bleeding, then oral anticoagulants (VKAs) are introduced together with heparin till INR reaches the therapeutic level (Regitz‐Zagrosek et al,2019). After delivery, patients with mechanical heart valves are at significant risk of maternal morbidity and mortality. Morbidity includes primary and secondary postpartum hemorrhage, wound hematoma, intra‐abdominal bleeding, need for reopera¬tion or other intervention, valve thrombosis, and other thromboembolic manifestations e.g. Stroke. However, there is limited guidance on when to start oral anticoagulants in the postpartum period (Irani et al, 2018). Pooled institutional data and an interdisciplinary approach are recommended to minimize competing risks, sequelae of valve thrombosis, and obstetrical hemorrhage and, thereby, to optimize maternal outcomes and develop evidence‐based guidelines for postpartum anticoagulation management (Irani et al, 2018). Based on our observations at the high‐risk pregnancy department in Kasr Al Ainy school of medicine, we noticed that the postpartum bleeding complications were different when oral anticoagulants (VKAs) were started on different days after cesarean section as we found that postpartum bleeding was noticeably less when warfarin was started 5 days after cesarean section, so we decided to conduct this study to address the appropriate timing to start oral anticoagulants after cesarean section. ‐Population of study: Pregnant women presenting to Kasr Al Ainy high risk pregnancy outpatient clinic with mechanical prosthetic mitral and/or aortic valves, and indicated to deliver via caesarean section at or after 28 weeks of gestation. ‐ Study location: Study will be conducted in Kasr Al Ainy high risk pregnancy unit. Participants will be recruited from Kasr Al Ainy high risk pregnancy outpatient clinic. ‐ Inclusion criteria: • Pregnant women with mechanical prosthetic heart valves who are planned to deliver by caesarean delivery, provided that the gestational age at delivery is 28 weeks of gestation or more whether singleton or multi‐fetal pregnancy. ‐ Exclusion criteria: ‐ Patients with right sided mechanical heart valves. ‐ Patients with history of any thrombotic events e.g. Stuck prosthetic valve, or cerebrovascular stroke, etc. ‐ Patients with hypertensive disorders. ‐ Diabetic patients. ‐ Patients with known bleeding disorders or coagulation defects. ‐ Patients with known thrombophilia. ‐ Patients who refuse to share in the study. ‐ Methodology in details: A randomised (using tables of random numbers for randomization), cohort study, including 114 pregnant women presenting to Kasr Al Ainy high risk pregnancy outpatient clinic with mechanical prosthetic mitral and/or aortic valves. After taking a written consent from all participants, they will be subjected to thorough history taking regarding age, parity, gestational age on presentation, medical history, duration since cardiac surgery, type and number of replaced valves, average dose of warfarin used during pregnancy, type and dose of anticoagulant immediately used before delivery, history of prosthetic valve complications and history of obstetric complications. General examination including maternal weight and height and abdominal (obstetric) examination will be performed. Antenatal ultrasonography will be done to determine gestational age and to assess for fetal wellbeing, then all patients will be examined by a Cardiology consultant to assess the cardiac status, adjust the anticoagulation dose, follow up for the occurrence of any cardiac complications, and to help in determining when to terminate and mode of termination according to individual patient's situation. Starting from 36 weeks of gestation, all patients will be reverted to unfractionated heparin in a therapeutic dose (as determined by the cardiology consultant) to maintain activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) within a therapeutic level. Unfractionated heparin will be stopped 6 hours before caesarean section. Participants who will be indicated to deliver via caesarean section (upon obstetric or cardiac recommendations), will be included, and will be operated upon by the same surgical team. Routine preoperative labs including complete blood count, coagulation profile (to ensure that the PC is >60% and the INR is <1.5 prior to surgery), liver and kidney functions, and fasting and 2 hours postprandial blood sugar level will be withdrawn. During caesarean section, adequate hemostasis will be achieved, an intraperitoneal drain will be inserted, parietal peritoneum will be closed, gel foams, and suction drain in the sub‐rectus space will be inserted. After delivery, heparin will be started 4‐6 hours and then switched to low molecular weight heparin (LMWHs) 12 hours after caesarean section, in the absence of significant bleeding, in twice daily subcutaneous injections in a therapeutic dose (1 mg/kg twice daily) (James 2011). Using a table of random numbers, participants will be divided into 2 equal groups. Group A (57 patients) in which warfarin will be started day 2 after caesarean delivery (i.e. 24 hours postoperative), and group B (57 patients) in which warfarin will be started day 5 after caesarean delivery. In both groups, LMW heparin will be continued in a therapeutic dose as mentioned above beside warfarin till INR achieves a therapeutic value as determined by the cardiologist. When a therapeutic level of warfarin is achieved, LMW heparin will be stopped, patient will continue on warfarin, and will be discharged from the hospital. Duration till control of the INR will be reported in both groups. For all participants, the amount of blood in the sub‐rectus and intraperitoneal drains will be recorded. Clinical examination as well as transabdominal ultrasonography will be performed daily till the end of hospital stay, then 1 and 2 weeks after delivery to check for signs of wound hematoma . The ultrasonographic findings suggesting the presence of subcutaneous or sub‐rectus hematoma include; a homogeneous or heterogeneous fluid collection within the abdominal wall, and Doppler colour flow which does not reliably detect the presence of active extravasation, then the size of hematoma will be measured in centimetres, and will be followed up in the daily consecutive ultrasonography examinations (Allen and Sevensma 2019). For all patients, Other maternal outcomes will be recorded including primary postpartum hemorrhage, intra‐abdominal bleeding, need for blood transfusion, need for reoperation e.g. re‐exploration in case of significant intraperitoneal hemorrhage or evacuation of wound hematoma, or other intervention ( e.g. re‐do cardiac valve replacement surgery in cases with stuck valve), valve thrombosis, other thromboembolic manifestations e.g. stroke, length of hospital stay, and maternal death. The timing and indication for caesarean delivery will be identified. Postoperative haemoglobin and haematocrit values will be done 24 hours after the end of the operation as well as at the end of hospital stay before discharge. Estimation of intraoperative blood loss will be obtained through measuring the volume of blood in the suction machine reservoir and weighing the swabs (surgical towels) as soon as possible. The weights of dry swabs will be subtracted from the weights of swabs used during the operation. The weight of swabs found in grams will be translated to ml by using blood density (1.050 g/ml) (Caglar et al 2008). Postoperative blood loss in the first 24 hours and after will be measured by subtracting intraoperative blood loss from total blood loss. Total blood loss will be measured through pre and postoperative hematocrit values through the following equations: The estimated total blood loss will be derived by multiplying the calculated pregnancy blood volume by percentage of blood volume lost. ‐ Pregnancy blood volume = (0.75 × {[maternal height (inches) × 50] + [maternal weight in pounds × 25]}) ‐ Percent of blood volume lost = ({predelivery HCT ‐ postdelivery HCT}/predelivery HCT) ‐ Total blood loss = pregnancy blood volume × percent of blood volume lost (Stafford et al, 2008)
 PLatform for Adaptive Trials In Perinatal UnitS -;  PLATIPUS is a multi‐domain, multi‐centre international adaptive platform trial and innovative approach to perinatal research. Preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks' gestation) is a global issue. More than 15 million babies (1 in 10) are born preterm each year. Complications of preterm birth are the leading cause of death and disability among children under five years of age. These contribute to increased risk of all‐cause mortality and early death from cardiovascular disease, diabetes and chronic lung disease in later life. There is no single cause of, or pathway to, preterm birth. Treatments during pregnancy aim to prevent or treat complications that can lead to preterm birth in pregnant women and people or reduce the impact of prematurity on neonatal outcomes. Treatments in the neonatal period (period shortly after birth) aim to improve survival and reduce potential morbidities in the preterm infant. PLATIPUS will initially assess interventions given to pregnant women and people during pregnancy (Participant Group 1) and to preterm infants (Participant Group 2) in the first few days of life. Participants will be randomly allocated to all relevant domains for which they are eligible and provide consent. Using a trial‐developed Ordinal Outcome Scale, the effect of pregnancy and/or neonatal interventions on neonatal outcome will be assessed at 42 weeks' post‐menstrual age OR at primary hospital discharge, whichever occurs earliest. Secondary outcomes will examine the effect of interventions on individual pregnancy and/or neonatal endpoints, and may be domain‐specific. All pregnancy domains will include a 'Maternal Outcome Set' to assess maternal health and intervention safety. In contrast to conventional clinical trials, PLATIPUS has been designed to examine multiple different treatment options at once within the same platform. Both pregnant and neonatal participants will be randomly assigned to different concurrent treatment options, with an initial focus on treatments already considered as part of clinical care. As the trial advances, novel interventions may also be included. Interventions will be evaluated within domains. A domain is defined as a set of interventions that are intended for a specific health problem or specific therapeutic option. Bayesian adaptive statistical modelling will be used to evaluate treatment efficacy at regular interim adaptive analyses of the pre‐specified outcomes for each intervention in each domain. This will allow determination of the effectiveness of interventions once sufficient data has been accrued, rather than when a pre‐specified sample size is reached. Adaptive analyses will compute the posterior probabilities of superiority, futility, inferiority, or equivalence for pre‐specified comparisons within domains. Each of these potential conclusions will be pre‐defined prior to commencing the intervention domain. Decisions about trial results (e.g., concluding superiority or equivalence) will be based on pre‐specified threshold values for posterior probability. All trial procedures are outlined in the "core" protocol described in this registration. Separate domain protocols with information specific to each intervention included in PLATIPUS will be linked to this registration at separate clinicaltrials.gov records:
 Effects of coffee drinking on glucose metabolism, cytokines and gastrointestinal hormone secretion;  INTERVENTION: This is a randomised, single blind, national, three stage and three group (men, women, and women with gestational diabetes history) clinical trial, which lasts for three months. Trial plan: The trial plan indicates the number and timing of the planned visits. Eight clinic visits are planned. Subjects are asked to fast overnight before each visit. Visit 1 will occur before the trial to explain the points of the trial for the subjects and for fasting glucose, insulin level, GIP, GLP‐1, leptin, ghrelin, adiponectin, RANTES, ICAM‐1, MIF, MIP‐1a, IL‐6, CRP and SAA assessment at baseline. At visit 1 the subjects will get advice for exercise and nutrition to find out other sources of chlorogenic acid and caffeine. After two weeks of each stage a fasting sample will be taken and glucose, insulin level, GIP, GLP‐1, leptin, ghrelin, adiponectin, RANTES, ICAM‐1, MIF, MIP‐1a, IL‐6, CRP and SAA will be obtained. This includes visits 1, 2, 4, 6 and 8. At the end of each stage (after four weeks coffee consumption) subjects pass the OGTT and blood samples for glucose, insulin level, GIP, GLP‐1, leptin, ghrelin, adiponectin, RANTES, ICAM‐1, MIF, MIP‐1a, IL‐6, CRP and SAA will be obtained. On arrival at the clinic, an intravenous cannula is inserted into a forearm (antecubital) vein, and a baseline blood sample is taken. Then subjects will consume 75 g glucose dissolved in water. Blood samples are taken at intervals for the following 2 hours. 0‐, 10‐, 30‐, 60‐, 90‐ and 120‐samples are taken. This includes visits 3, 5 and 7. Biomarkers of bioavailability of coffee‐derived compounds will be analysed from serum samples obtained at the beginning of the study and at the end of each stage. The primary interest lies in serum concentrations of chlorogenic acid, caffeic acid and its metabolites. Caffeine and some of its metabolites will also be analysed in serum. Trial coffee consumption: 1. Type of the coffee and presentation: the trial coffee will be supplied by the Paulig Group CONDITION: Glucose metabolism; type 2 diabetes ; Nutritional, Metabolic, Endocrine ; Non‐insulin‐dependent diabetes mellitus PRIMARY OUTCOME: The following will be assessed as described in the Interventions field:; 1. Incretins; 2. Serum cytokines and other inflammatory markers ; 3. Serum concentrations of polyphenols (caffeic acid and six metabolites of chlorogenic acid and caffeic acid, including their methylated and hydrated forms), caffeine, and the caffeine metabolite paraxanthine SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Dietary assessment: at the end of each stage subjects fill three‐day food diary to assess the normal intake of chlorogenic acid; 2. Physical examination: a detailed medical history, including family history of diabetes, alcohol intake, use of any medications, as well as coronary heart disease (CHD) will be recorded INCLUSION CRITERIA: For inclusion in this trial subjects must fulfill all of the following criteria: 1. Written informed consent to participate in this trial 2. All drugs which may interfere with glucose metabolism must be discontinued. These include all medication for diabetes, asthma, heart diseases and stomach. Regular non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug (NSAID) use must also be discontinued. 3. Men and women aged less than 65 years (no lower age limit) 4. Normal fasting insulin level 5. 13 points as a result in the diabetes risk score 6. 7.0 ‐ 12.0 mmol/l as 2‐hour blood glucose value in the OGTT
 The effects of Resveratrol on PCOS;  INTERVENTION: For Control Group: Placebo of Resveratrol, Orally 2 Cap. for 40 days from the beginning of the menstruation cycle till oocyte retrieval. For Intervention Group: Resveratrol, Orally 1gr/day (2 Cap.) for 40 days from the beginning of the menstruation cycle till oocyte retrieval. Intervention 1: For Intervention Group: Resveratrol, Orally 1gr/day (2 Cap.) for 40 days from the beginning of the menstruation cycle till oocyte retrieval. Intervention 2: For Control Group: Placebo of Resveratrol, Orally 2 Cap. for 40 days from the beginning of the menstruation cycle till oocyte retrieval. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Chemical Pregnancy Rate. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: B‐hCG test. Cleavage rate. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: embryo number devided to fertilized egg number. Clinical Pregnancy Rate. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Gestational Sac in Ultrasound. CYP19 Expression. Timepoint: After follicle retrieval (Approximately 40 days after treatment). Method of measurement: Real‐time relative quantification. Fertilization rate. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: fertilized egg number devided to retrieved oocyte number. HIF‐1 Expression. Timepoint: After follicle retrieval (Approximately 40 days after treatment). Method of measurement: Real‐time relative quantification. High Quality Embryo Rate. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Count the Grade 1&2 of embryo quality. Number of Cleavage embryos. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Count the Cleavage (8 Cells) embryos. Number of fertilized eggs. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Based on No. of 2PN oocytes. Number of retrieved Mature Oocytes (MII). Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Count Under Microscope. Number of retrieved Oocytes. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Count Under Microscope. Quality of Retrieved Oocytes. Timepoint: After Intervention. Method of measurement: Based on WHO Criteria. Sexual hormones (Including; FSH, LH, Estradiol, TSH, Prolactin, Progestrone, Testestrone & AMH). Timepoint: Before & After Intervention. Method of measurement: By IFA Method. VEGF Expression. Timepoint: After follicle retrieval (Approximately 40 days after treatment). Method of measurement: Real‐time relative quantification. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Infertility with documented PCOS & Hyperandrogenism; 18‐40 Y/O; Candidate for IVF Cycle; If have male factor; it must mild to moderate form, not non‐obstructive azospermia; If have other female factor; only cervical & tubal factors are acceptable. Exclusion Criteria: FSH>10; Severe endometriosis (Stage III or IV); Coshing Syndrome; Hyperprolactinemia; Thyroid diseases; Ovarian Tumors; Severe male factor like non‐Obstructive Azospermia; Steroids & OCP taking History in past 3 months; SLE (Systemic Lupus Erythematosus) & autoimmune diseases; Systemic diseases like Metabolic Syndrome, Hyperlipidemia, Diabetes & cardiovascular diseases; Diseases due to malnutrition & obesity with unknown cause.
 Effect of acupressure on labor pain;  INTERVENTION: Acupressure at GB‐21 in 3‐4 and 7‐8 cm dilatation for 20 min in each time and assessing Labor pain before, immediately after the intervention,30 and 60 minutes after the intervention. Acupressure at GB‐21 in 3‐4 cm dilatation and assessing labor pain before,immediatly,30 and 60 min after the intervention Acupressure at SP‐6 in 3‐4 cm dilatation and assessing labor pain before,immediatly,30 and 60 min after the intervention Acupressure at SP‐6in 3‐4 and 7‐8 cm dilatation for 20 min in each time and assessing Labor pain before, immediately after the intervention,30 and 60 minutes after the intervention. Control group: Tuching GB‐21 in 3‐4 and SP‐6 in 7‐8 cm dilatation for 20 min in each time and assessing Labor pain before, immediately after the intervention,30 and 60 minutes after the intervention. Intervention 1: Acupressure at GB‐21 in 3‐4 and 7‐8 cm dilatation for 20 min in each time and assessing Labor pain before, immediately after the intervention,30 and 60 minutes after the intervention. Intervention 2: Acupressure at GB‐21 in 3‐4 cm dilatation and assessing labor pain before,immediatly,30 and 60 min after the intervention. Intervention 3: Acupressure at SP‐6 in 3‐4 cm dilatation and assessing labor pain before,immediatly,30 and 60 min after the intervention. Intervention 4: Acupressure at SP‐6in 3‐4 and 7‐8 cm dilatation for 20 min in each time and assessing Labor pain before, immediately after the intervention,30 and 60 minutes after the intervention. Intervention 5: Control group: Tuching GB‐21 in 3‐4 and SP‐6 in 7‐8 cm dilatation for 20 min in each time and assessing Labor pain before, immediately after the intervention,30 and 60 minutes after the intervention. CONDITION: labor pain. ; Pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium Pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium xv o00‐o99 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Labor pain. Timepoint: Before intervention, Immidietly, 30 minuts and 60 minuts after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analog Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Delivery type. Timepoint: After delivery. Method of measurement: Number of vaginal delivery and cesarean section. Duration of active phase of labor. Timepoint: After the end of active phaz. Method of measurement: Measuring the time duration. Duration of second stage of labor. Timepoint: After delivery. Method of measurement: Measuring the time duration. Neonatal Apgar. Timepoint: 1st and 5th minutes after delivery. Method of measurement: Apgar number. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Nulliparous women aged 18‐ 35 years and 37 to 41 weeks gestational age singleton and cephalic fetus. 2‐ Women in the active phase of labor (4‐3 cm dilatation) or before. 3‐ Failure to develop mental and anatomical disorders (psychosis, schizophrenia, abnormalities of uterine and pelvic stenosis).4‐ Lack of chronic diseases (heart disease, pulmonary hypertension, and diabetes).5‐ Lack of high‐risk pregnancy (gestational hypertension, decreased fetal movements, intrauterine growth restriction, fetal death, and polyHydramnious oligohydramnious recognized by ultrasound, rupture of membranes more than 12 hours, history of infertility). 6 ‐ The literacy level of secondary school. 7 ‐ No risk of skin ailments like eczema and skin infections, are the limitations of acupressure. .8 ‐no use of oxytocin to induce and strengthen labor. Physically healthy and do not have any limit for the intervention (pre‐eclampsia, seizures, premature rupture of membran
 Exclusive Human-milk in Preterm NEOnates and Early VASCular Aging Risk Factors (NEOVASC);  Early vascular aging has its origins in fetal and neonatal life. This early period of life plays an important role in the development of obesity, high blood pressure, abnormalities in lipid metabolism and non‐insulin dependent diabetes. Increased cardiovascular risk in formerly preterm infants constitutes a health problem of steadily growing relevance. Emerging evidence suggests that human milk feeding has substantial benefits to the health of all infants, especially for those born prematurely. Unfortunately, human milk alone does not provide sufficient concentrations of nutrients, especially calcium, phosphorus, protein, and fat needed for these infants to grow satisfactorily. For that purpose, fortifiers are used to help increase the nutritional value of human milk. The NEOVASC study is a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open and parallel group clinical trial. A total of 200 extremely preterm infants and 100 term infants are recruited for the test and control group, respectively. Infants in the test group (i.e., premature neonates) are randomized to either: 1. An exclusive human milk diet which contains mother's milk or pasteurized donor human milk and a human milk fortifier until 36 weeks of gestation; OR 2. Human milk (as long as available) and a human milk fortifier (as long as human milk is available) until a maximum of 32 weeks of gestation and thereafter human milk with a bovine‐based fortifier or preterm formula. After 36 weeks of gestation, human milk with a bovine‐based fortifier or preterm formula is used in both groups. As a control group, term‐born age‐matched controls are included. Participants within this control group are not enrolled at the time of birth but instead recruited in various kindergartens at the age of five. Therefore, data from birth is taken from the mother‐child‐booklet, which contains clinical records about the pregnancy, birth and early life of children born in Austria. The total study duration is scheduled for 96 months with a recruitment phase of 36 months. Follow‐up visits are planned at one, two and five years of age for the test group. The purpose of the NEOVASC clinical trial is to characterize early life stressors by assessing the effects of a physiological (i.e., human milk‐based) nutrition in extremely preterm infants during the vulnerable preterm period on the risk of metabolic and vascular complications in later life. Outcomes include predictors and intermediate components of cardiovascular disease.
 Effects of second and third generation oral contraceptives on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism in overweight and obesewomen: a randomized triple-blind controlled trial;  Background: Combined oral contraceptives (COCs) have not been shown to have major effects on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism in normal‐weight women. However, we have limited information about the effects on women at high risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes due to being overweight and obese. Objectives: To evaluate the effects of second and third generation contraceptive pills on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism in overweight and obese women. Patients and Methods: This triple‐blind controlled trial was performed on 137 healthy women aged 18‐40 years with a body mass index of 25‐34.9 (kg/m2) who were referred to health centers in Tabriz, Iran from 2014 to 2015. The women were randomly divided into groups who were to take 30 mcg ethinyl estradiol/150 mcg levonorgestrel (EE/LGN) (n = 69) or 30 mcg ethinyl estradiol/150 mcg desogestrel (EE/DSG) (n = 68) with an allocation ratio of 1: 1 for three cycles. As primary outcomes, high‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐C), low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) were assessed; total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and 2‐hour plasma glucose in the 75‐g oral glucose tolerance test (2‐hour 75‐g OGTT) were assessed as secondary outcomes. Results: The differences in lipid and carbohydrate parameters were not significant between the two groups, except for HDL‐C (AdjustedMD(CI95%) = 7.00 (2.98 to 11.02)). HDL‐C decreased with EE/LGN (P = 0.016) and increased with EE/DSG (P = 0.004). LDL‐C and TC increased in both groups, whereas TG increased only with EE/DSG (P < 0.05). Compared with the baseline, FPG levels did not differ significantly in both groups, but EE/DSG increased 2‐hour 75‐g OGTT (P = 0.010). Conclusions:We observednosignificant differencesbetween thetwogroups in lipidandcarbohydrate metabolism, except for HDLC. Considering the importance of overweight and obese women’s health, studies with longer follow‐up periods are recommended in this respect.
 Key hypertension breakthroughs and emerging trends from the AHA's scientific sessions;  We aim to summarize selected late‐breaking science on hypertension management strategies and disease presented at the 2023 American Heart Association (AHA) conference. The trials discussed below encompass stricter goals of blood pressure management and were expanded into different population groups from different countries with varied socioeconomic backgrounds and settings, collectively advancing our understanding of hypertension treatment and its impact on public health. We summarized the china rural health care project (CRHCP), a four‐year study involving over 34,000 participants in rural China, emphasizing the potential of stricter blood pressure goals in lowering the incidence of all‐cause dementia and cognitive impairment. Next, we explore the US‐based CARDIA‐SSBP study, which highlights the impact of dietary sodium on systolic blood pressure in middle‐aged individuals. Through a randomized‐order cross‐over design, the study provides compelling evidence supporting the effectiveness of sodium reduction as a non‐pharmacological approach to blood pressure control. The UK‐based POP‐HT trial offers critical insights into postpartum women with a history of hypertensive pregnancy. The trial emphasizes the benefits of self‐monitoring and physician‐optimized antihypertensive titration, showcasing significant blood pressure reductions in the intervention group. Furthermore, the KARDIA‐1 study introduces us to Zilebesiran, an innovative RNA interference drug. This phase 2 study highlights its potential for achieving sustained blood pressure reductions and its favorable safety profile, marking a significant step forward in hypertension treatment. Lastly, we expand the practical application of the previously conducted landmark SPRINT trial, which showed cardiovascular benefit with intensive SBP control to less than 120 mm Hg in high‐risk non‐diabetic patients with hypertension compared with routine BP control to <140 mm Hg. The ESPRIT trial and the IMPACTS trial build upon the SPRINT trial, demonstrating the effects of intensive blood pressure lowering in Asian hypertensive patients and in 36 health care clinics in medically underserved states in the US: Louisiana and Mississippi. The IMPACTS trial and the “Hypertension Treatment in Nigeria Program” demonstrate the effectiveness of implementing comprehensive blood pressure control strategies in real‐world settings. These studies highlight the feasibility and scalability of such interventions, especially in low‐resource environments, and their potential to significantly improve public health outcomes.
 Comparison effect of Calendula and Turmeric(Curcuma Longa) ointment on healing and pain severity of episiotomy;  INTERVENTION: Control group: mothers put Placebo on episiotomy 3 times a day of a knuckle until 7 days after birth. Group1: mothers put Calendula on episiotomy 3 times a day of a knuckle until 7 days after birth. Group2: mothers put Turmeric on episiotomy 3 times a day of a knuckle until 7 days after birth. Intervention 1: Group1: mothers put Calendula on episiotomy 3 times a day of a knuckle until 7 days after birth. Intervention 2: Group2: mothers put Turmeric on episiotomy 3 times a day of a knuckle until 7 days after birth. Intervention 3: Control group: mothers put Placebo on episiotomy 3 times a day of a knuckle until 7 days after birth. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Episiotomy. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: Before intervention then 3,7,10,14 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analouga Scale(VAS). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Healing of episiotomy. Timepoint: Before intervention then 3,7,10,14 days after intervention. Method of measurement: REEDA (Redness, Edema, Ecchymosis, Discharge, Approximation). Number of Mefenamic acid capsules used. Timepoint: Tenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: count of remaining Capsules. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: being primiparous; gestational age 37 to 42 weeks; vaginal delivery with episiotomy medio‐lateral; havinng a singleton live child; cephalic presentation; pre‐pregnancy body mass index less than 30; absence of reconstructive surgery on the vagina and perineum; do not use medications that effect wound healing; no specific disease( Anemia, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, immune dificiency, liver disease, depression, absence of coagulation disorders, preeclampsia, infectious diseases); lack of extending the incision and into the 3, 4 grade laceration or rupture exist except episiotomy. Exclusion criteria: manual removal of placenta; postpartum hemorrhage; hematoma formation; postpartum fever and chills(fever>38); manipulation of the perinum after delivery; episiotomy infections; need to re‐stitch the episiotomy; the use of any ointment or cream other than what the researcher recives, Cause skin allergy by the use of ointment; unwillingness to con
 Metformin and placebo effects on TSH and thyroid volume in patients with pre-diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: One group will receive placebo with a sercret code. (Subjects were instructed to take 1 tablet 500 mg placebo daily. But in the 1st week, subjects were instructed to take 2 tablet 500 mg daily, if subjects tolerated the dose‐escalation protocol without significant side effects, the daily dose was increased to 1500 mg daily). Intervention 2: The other group will receive metformin with a secret code. (Subjects were instructed to take 1 tablet 500 mg Metformin daily. But in the 1st week, subjects were instructed to take 2 tablet 500 mg daily, if subjects tolerated the dose‐escalation protocol without significant side effects, the daily dose was increased to 1500 mg daily). One group will receive placebo with a sercret code. (Subjects were instructed to take 1 tablet 500 mg placebo daily. But in the 1st week, subjects were instructed to take 2 tablet 500 mg daily, if subjects tolerated the dose‐escalation protocol without significant side effects, the daily dose was increased to 1500 mg daily). Placebo The other group will receive metformin with a secret code. (Subjects were instructed to take 1 tablet 500 mg Metformin daily. But in the 1st week, subjects were instructed to take 2 tablet 500 mg daily, if subjects tolerated the dose‐escalation protocol without significant side effects, the daily dose was increased to 1500 mg daily). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Thyroid gland. Condition 2: Prediabetes. ; Disorders of thyroid gland ; Impaired glucose tolerance Disorders of thyroid gland E00‐E07,E0 Impaired glucose tolerance PRIMARY OUTCOME: Thyroid Stimulating Hormone. Timepoint: Baseline and 3 months later. Method of measurement: TSH : were performed using immunoassay system by an automated analyzer Siemens 2010 (ADVIA Centaur CP Immunoassay System). Thyroid volume. Timepoint: Before and after 3 months treatment. Method of measurement: Thyroid ultrasonography was performed by single physician, who was unaware of the patients’ any clinical conditions, using a 7 ‐ 9 MHz linear probe ( Logiq 500 Pro, GE Medical Systems, WI, USA). SECONDARY OUTCOME: IR=Homeostasis Model Assessment Of Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and 3 months later. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR ={ Insulin(mU/L) × Fasting Blood glucose(mmol/L)}÷22.5. Thyroid Nodule. Timepoint: Baseline and 3 months later. Method of measurement: Thyroid ultrasound by logic 500 general electric probe 7‐9. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria :patients with pre‐diabetes [Impaired fasting plasma glucose (100 to 125 mg/dl) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (2‐h PG OGTT values of 140–199 mg/dL and having 18 to 65 years old] were initially included. Exclusion criteria: Those patients with thyroid malignancy or any other malignancy; previous‐thyroxin suppression therapy at any time; obesity due to endocrine disease; Pregnancy and lactation; renal failure or liver failure; neurological or psychological disorders (depression, epilepsy, schizophrenia); heart failure; hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism; smoking and finally iodinated contrast material exposure in the previous 6 months ago all were excluded from the study.
 Effect of gabapentin versus capsaicin on heart rate variability in patients with diabetic painful peripheral neuropathy;  INTERVENTION: Gabapentin capsules 100 mg on the 1st day, 200 mg on the 2nd day, and 300 mg on the 3rd day plus topical moisturizing capsaicin cream 3 times a day, the size of a finger on the painful area. Intervention 1: Gabapentin capsules 100 mg on the 1st day, 200 mg on the 2nd day, and 300 mg on the 3rd day plus topical moisturizing capsaicin cream 3 times a day, the size of a finger on the painful area. Intervention 2: Placebo (a capsule containing starch) plus topical moisturizing capsaicin cream 3 times a day, the size of a finger on the painful area. Placebo Placebo (a capsule containing starch) plus topical moisturizing capsaicin cream 3 times a day, the size of a finger on the painful area. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Autonomic neuropathy in endocrine and metabolic diseases Diabetic painful peripheral neuropathy. ; Autonomic neuropathy in endocrine and metabolic diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: Standard Deviation NN (SDNN). Timepoint: For 3 days. Method of measurement: 24‐hour holter monitoring. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Ortostatic hypotansion in the standing position. Timepoint: For 3 days. Method of measurement: mercury sphygmomanometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants including major eligibility criteria as follows: INCLUSION CRITERIA: (a) having painful diabetic neuropathy; (b) age of 18 to 65 years. Exclusion criteria: (a) a history of cardiac arrhythmias, valvular heart disease, heart block, symptomatic ischemic heart disease; (b) open‐heart surgery; (c) a history of using anti‐arrhythmic drugs, beta‐blockers, tricyclic antidepressants, or phenothiazines; (d) pregnancy and lactation; (e) history of major depression; (f) ESRD; (g) history of allergy to gabapentin or capsaicin; (c) unstable general status.
 A Phase 2 Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study of the Effects of VIA-2291, a 5-lipoxygenase Inhibitor, on Atherosclerotic Plaque and Biomarkers of Vascular Inflammation in Patients with Carotid Stenosis Undergoing Elective Carotid Endarterectomy. - VIA-2291-02;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Atreleutron Product Code: VIA‐2291 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: ANTIINFLAMMATORY AND ANTIRHEUMATIC PRODUCTS, NON‐STEROIDS Current Sponsor code: VIA‐2291 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Carotid Stenosis. ; MedDRA version: 6.1 Level: SOC Classification code 10047065 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Evaluate the effect of VIA‐2291 100mg relative to placebo on ex vivo plaque leukotriene B4 LTB4 concentrations and changes from baseline in ex vivo LTB4 synthesis in whole blood in patients with carotid artery stenosis after 12 weeks of daily dosing. Primary end point(s): Concentration of ex vivo plaque LTB4 and change from baseline in ex vivo LTB4 synthesis in whole blood after 12 weeks dosing. Secondary Objective: Evaluate the effect of VIA‐2291 100 mg relative to placebo after 12 weeks of daily dosing on a inflammatory cell composition as measured by macrophage sectional area and T‐lymphocytes/mm2 in atherosclerotic carotid plaque. b change from baseline in the following specific biomarkers leukotriene E4 LTE4 urine , high sensitivity C‐reactive protein hsCRP , myeloperoxidase MPO , and monocyte chemotactic protein MCP1 also known as chemotactic cytokine L2 CCL2 . INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willing and able to provide written informed consent Males or females 30‐80 years of age Female patients must be either of non‐childbearing potential i.e., surgically sterilised or post menopausal 8805;12 consecutive months without menses or, must have a negative pregnancy test at screening, not be breast feeding, and must be using an acceptable method of birth control which must continue to be used throughout the study and for 2 months after the end of the patient s participation in the study Carotid stenosis between 60 and 90 and to be scheduled for CEA surgery Clinically stable at the time of randomisation One or more of the following clinical features Prior history 4 weeks of cerebrovascular accident CVA or transient ischemic attack consistent with North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy Trial NASCET criteria or prior history of amaurosis fugax occurring at any time Diabetes haemoglobin Hb A1c between 7.0 and 11 or
 Lymphatic Drainage and Taping in the treatment of edema in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: E07.101.036 The hidden allocation process will be carried out by researcher 1, who will carry out the allocation and will be responsible for maintaining the allocation secrecy for the evaluator (researcher 2). As the volunteers are included and evaluated, this researcher will verify the groups to which the pregnant women will be allocated and will communicate this information only to researcher 3, who will carry out the intervention procedures. For randomization of the sample in blocks, the online software randomization.com will be used, which will allocate the subjects by blocks into three treatment groups, each with 13 pregnant women: taping group (TG), which will receive the isolated application of taping in the lower limbs ; the association group (GA), which will receive lymphatic drainage and taping; and control group (CG), which will be submitted only to manual lymphatic drainage in the lower limbs. The hidden allocation process will be carried out using sequential, numbered, opaque and sealed envelopes. Outcome evaluators will be blinded to the procedures performed. However, due to the nature of the interventions, therapists and patients will not be blinded to allocation. Interventions will be made shortly after the first assessment, and all will return 48 hours later for reassessment. Taping Group (TG): the taping will be cut according to the Fan Tape/Weave technique, similar to the protocol made by Tornatore et al. (2020), with five strips that form the tail and an anchor. After the first evaluation, the lower limb will be sanitized with chlorhexidine foam and then the anchors will be placed close to the popliteal lymph node chain, without traction of the band, one in the medial region and one in the lateral region. Then, each of the tails, with a tension of about 10‐25%, CONDITION: C23.888 Edema; Pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: It is expected to find a decrease in edema evaluated by volumetry after taping application and the association of taping with manual lymphatic drainage. SECONDARY OUTCOME: It is expected to find a decrease in fatigue assessed by the Fatigue Assessment Scale after taping application and the association of taping with manual lymphatic drainage. It is expected to find a decrease in pain assessed by the Visual Analogue Scale after taping application and the association of taping with manual lymphatic drainage. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women at usual risk (normotensive, without cardiac or vascular pathologies, pulmonary, without high cholesterol levels, gestational diabetes or renal failure); age group between 18 and 34 years; being between the twenty‐seventh and thirty‐eighth week of gestation; edema in the lower limbs
 Effect of liraglutide on physical performance in type 2 diabetes (LIPER2): a randomised, double-blind, controlled trial;  Preclinical studies and small clinical trials suggest that glucagon‐like peptide 1 (GLP1) may have a positive effect on ventricular function. Liraglutide is a GLP1‐analogue used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. LIPER2 is a phase IV, randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, parallel‐design trial, assessing the effect of 6 months' liraglutide 1.8 mg/d on measures of cardiac function and physical performance in patients with type 2 diabetes. A total of 30 patients with type 2 diabetes will be included, if their HbA1c is between 7 and 10% while on oral agents (including metformin if tolerated and not contraindicated), a maximum of 2 intermediate or long‐acting insulin injections per day or a combination of both. After their baseline examinations, patients are randomised to receive a daily subcutaneous liraglutide or placebo injection (titrated to 1.8 mg/d if tolerated) for 6 months. The primary end‐point is the maximal oxygen consumption during cycle ergometry at the end of the study period. Other end‐points include distance covered during a 6‐min walk test, left ventricular ejection fraction and other measures of ventricular systolic and diastolic functions assessed by echocardiography, heart rate, blood pressure, pro‐brain natriuretic peptide, C‐reactive protein, HbA1c, lipids, apolipoprotein B, body weight and waist girth. Safety end‐points include adverse event reporting, blood count, kidney and liver function, amylase, lipase, electrolytes, calcitonin, CA19.9 and pregnancy test for fertile women. At the time of this report, recruitment is still ongoing. Results are expected to be reported in December 2016.
 Evaluation of the Safety and Efficacy of SGLT2 Inhibitors in Pre-diabetic Patients;  1. Study design This study is a prospective, single‐center parallel‐group trial conducted at the Third Hospital of Peking University. Pre‐diabetic patients will be included in the study if they meet the inclusion and exclusion criteria. The participants will be stratified by gender (male: female =1:1) and then randomly allocated to the intervention and control groups using a random number table. Patients in the intervention group will be administered Dapagliflozin 10 mg/day in addition to lifestyle intervention, while patients in the control group will be given lifestyle intervention only. Recommended lifestyle interventions include 30 minutes of moderate intensity exercise per day, with a total calorie reduction of 300 calories, according to Intervention for Adults with Pre‐diabetes: A Chinese Expert Consensus. The specific goals of lifestyle intervention include achieving or approaching a BMI of 24 kg/m2 for overweight or obese individuals, or at least a 5% initial weight loss within 3‐6 months. Patients should not initiate during the study an organized diet and/or exercise weight reduction program other than the lifestyle and dietary measures for diabetes treatment. Study participants should be instructed not to donate blood or blood products during the study. Physical activity: For optimal physical fitness, it is highly recommended to incorporate a combination of aerobic and resistance exercises daily for a minimum of 30 minutes. Aerobic exercises, including brisk walking, jogging, cycling, and swimming, should be performed at least three times weekly. Resistance exercises, which entail the utilization of resistance training equipment or free weights (such as dumbbells and barbells), should be integrated into the exercise regimen at least twice a week, in conjunction with regular aerobic exercise. Dietary intervention: It is recommended that the daily total energy requirement comprises of 45%‐60% from carbohydrates, 25%‐35% from fats, and 15%‐20% from protein. Additionally, it is advised that the daily dietary energy intake be reduced by a minimum of 300 kCal. Furthermore, it is crucial to limit the intake of saturated fatty acids to less than 30% of the total fat intake, and restrict daily salt intake to no more than 6g. Lastly, it is not advisable to consume alcohol, or if consumed, it must be included in the total energy intake. A sample size estimation is implemented for this trial based on the comparison of the intervention and control groups with respect to the primary efficacy end point, the change from baseline at 12 weeks in 2h plasma glucose on an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (2h‐PG). The estimated decrease of 2hPG in the intervention and the control group is 2% and 1%, respectively. Additionally, participants will be stratified according to gender, as one purpose of this study is to explore whether and to what extent the drug has adverse effects on various genitourinary system. After a careful search of the relevant literature, the ratio of male to female pre‐diabetic patients is approximately 1:1. Therefore, under the assumption of an estimated 10% dropout rate at 12 weeks in this trial, a total sample size of 120 participants, including 30 participants allocating to the intervention group and 30 participants to the control group in each gender, will provide the trial with 80% power to demonstrate the superiority of treatment with the use of a two‐sample t‐test at a two‐sided alpha level of 0.05. Previous studies have indicated that approximately 30% of patients are over the age of 50, so it is anticipated to include: A. 42 males under 50 years old B. 18 men aged 50‐65. C. 42 women under 50 years old. D. 18 women aged 50‐65. 2. Research process 1) Screening period. Individuals who meet the inclusion criteria and demonstrate good adherence to medication regimens will be eligible for inclusion in the study, and will be randomly assigned to the intervention and control groups. Subsequently, their basic information will be collected, including age, sex, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, abdominal circumference, smoking history, cardiovascular disease history, amputation history, use of hypoglycemic and/or slimming drugs, history of biochemical hypoglycemia serious liver disease history, malignant tumor history, stroke history, and urogenital infection history. Then participants will undergo serial blood and urine testing for blood glucose and other metabolism parameters. Male participants may also receive semen analysis voluntarily. Finally, patients in the intervention group will be administered Dapagliflozin 10 mg/day in addition to lifestyle intervention, while patients in the control group will be only given lifestyle intervention. 2) Follow‐up stage. The follow‐up cycle will be computed subsequent to the initiation of the intervention. Telephone follow‐up will be carried out at week 4 and week 8 to assess the subjects' adherence to the prescribed medication, evaluate any potential adverse drug reactions, and record the type and time of physical activities. Concurrently, we will conduct patient education, optimize their treatment plans, and collect the incidence of pregnancy. Corresponding data will be recorded on the case report form. During the final visit, clinical information of the participants will be obtained, including body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP), and waist circumference (WC). For female participants, pregnancy will be confirmed. In addition, serial blood and urine tests will be performed to examine blood glucose and other metabolic parameters. Finally, a summary of the experiment's process will be documented. 3.Statistical analysis We will utilize SPSS 25.0 software for statistical analysis. All statistical tests are two‐tailed tests, and a P value of less than or equal to 0.05 will be considered statistically significant. Continuous data will be presented as mean ± SD if the measurement data are normally distributed. An independent sample t‐test will be used to compare the different therapeutic effects between the parameters with and without the intervention of SGLT‐2 inhibitors. Counting data will be represented as medians and interquartile ranges [IQRs], and compared using a Chi‐square test between groups. Spearman's correlation analysis and binary logistic regression analysis will be employed for correlation analysis.
 Be Healthe for Your Heart: protocol for a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating a Web-Based Behavioral Intervention to Improve the Cardiovascular Health of Women With a History of Preeclampsia;  Background: Women with a history of preeclampsia are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) related morbidity. Despite this knowledge, there is a lack of interventions available for women with a history of preeclampsia for the prevention of CVD. The aim of this pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) is to determine the acceptability and preliminary efficacy of a web‐based behavioral intervention targeted to women with a history of preeclampsia (Be Healthe for your Heart). Method: Australian women aged 18–45 years, with a recent history (≤4 years post diagnosis) of preeclampsia will be recruited for a 3‐months, 2‐arm parallel group pilot RCT. Participants will be randomized into 2 study arms: (1) Be Healthe for your Heart or; (2) Control, with assessments conducted at baseline, and after 3‐months. Be Healthe for your Heart is an intervention delivered online via the program website, with weekly emails to support changes in modifiable CVD risk factors (excess body weight, physical inactivity, poor diet, and stress), using behavior change techniques (e.g., self‐monitoring, goal setting). Intervention acceptability (satisfaction, usability, appropriateness, and usage) and impact on absolute full CVD 30‐years risk score, CVD risk markers, and modifiable risk factors will be assessed. Discussion: No studies to date have evaluated acceptability and preliminary efficacy of a web‐based intervention for the prevention of CVD in this high‐risk population with preeclampsia. This pilot trial will inform development of a fully powered RCT if acceptability and preliminary efficacy are demonstrated.
 Major adverse cardiovascular events associated with sodium glucose cotransporters versus other antidiabetes drugs: population-based cohort study;  Background: Randomized clinical trial data suggest sodium‐glucose co‐transporter inhibitors (SGLT2i) reduce major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), but their effectiveness in real‐world practice is poorly understood. Objectives: To study the association between SGLT2i and MACE compared to patients treated with dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitors (DPP4i), or sulfonylureas (SU). Methods: We undertook a cohort study of adult patients with diabetes in British Columbia, Canada. Patients were eligible for the study if they initiated second‐line therapy with an SGLT2i, DPP4i or SU between June 2014 and December 2017, having previously received metformin as first‐line treatment. The metformin criterion was used to reflect normal practice. Patients were ineligible if they were less than 18 years of age, or had a record of gestational diabetes, malignancy, renal disease, human immunodeficiency virus infection, or organ transplant within a year prior to cohort entry. Our primary outcome was risk of MACE (cardiovascular death, non‐fatal myocardial infarction, non‐fatal stroke). A secondary outcome was emergency admission to hospital for any reason. SGLT2i patients were matched to DPP4i patients (cohort 1) and SU patients (cohort 2) on propensity score using nearest neighbor matching. We estimated hazard ratios (HR) using cox proportional hazards regression. Results: There were 18,534 patients eligible for analysis after all inclusion and exclusion criteria were applied. These comprised 6,360 SGLT2i users, 3,921 DPP4i users, and 8,253 SU users. After matching into 3,172 SGLT2i‐DPP4i pairs, and 5,391 SGLT2i‐SU pairs, 0.3% of patients on each drug experienced the primary outcome. SGLT2i exposure was not significantly associated with risk of MACE compared to DPP4i exposure (HR 0.70, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.38‐1.29), or SU exposure (HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.47‐1.18). However, a paucity of events prevented precise estimation of the primary outcome. For the secondary outcome, SGLT2i exposure was not associated with reduced emergency admission to hospital compared to DPP4i exposure (HR 1.03, 95% CI 0.78‐1.36), but was associated with reduced emergency admission to hospital when compared to SU exposure (HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.57‐0.87). Conclusions: Although a paucity of events prevented precise estimation of the primary outcome in second‐line treated patients in British Columbia, observed hazard ratios for SGLT2i and MACE were comparable to those reported in randomized trials. Larger studies are needed to explore this association in a real‐world setting.
 The effect of Pregabalin on Pain progressing in Painful Diabetic Neuropathy - Pregabalin;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Lyrica Product Name: Lyrica Product Code: pregabalin Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: PREGABALIN CAS Number: 148553508 Current Sponsor code: Pregabalin Other descriptive name: Lyrica Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: range Concentration number: 150‐300 Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule, hard Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Diabtes and its complications, painful neuropathy INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Type 1 or type 2 diabetes as defined by the World Health Organization Classification. 2. Duration of diabetes of at least 5 years. 3. The HbA1c should be <9% with <1% fluctuation of HbA1c levels over the past 6 months. 4. Age between 18 and 70 years. 5. Women of childbearing potential must be using an acceptable method of contraception to prevent pregnancy when they are enrolled in the study and must agree to continue to practice an acceptable method of contraception for the duration of their participation in the study. 6. Must be meet the specified criteria for PDN (see below) and have no risk factors for other causes for neuropathy 7. Willingness to sign the Center for Research Ethics Committee (COREC) approved informed consent form Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To determine the effect of pregabalin on cerebral pain processing and sensory perception thresholds in diabetic patients with Painful Diabetic Neuropathy. Primary end point(s): A 6 week placebo‐controlled, cross‐over clinical study will be conducted in patients with PDN. Subjects who are eligible for the study will be randomized to one of two treatment groups: Group 1: Pregabalin (75 mg bd) (Pfizer Pharmaceutical Company), or Group 2: matched oral placebos for 2 weeks, then undergo a 2 week washout period and then cross over to the alternative therapy for 2 weeks. Weekly Activities: Subjects will complete pain diaries and sleep interference scores on a weekly basis. All subjects will be reviewed at 2 weekly intervals when compliance will be reassessed.; ; At two weekly visits, the following procedures will be performed: Assessment of compliance; blood pressure and pulse evaluation; evaluation of current medications; collection of study drug; recording of adverse symptoms/events. Collection of data from weekly pain diaries and sleep interference scores. SF‐MMPQ will be completed at each visit.; ; At the two and six weekly visits, the following additional procedures will be performed: BOLD‐contrast fMRI and somatosensory psychophysics will be performed and cerebral EP responses to thermal noxious stimulation recorded. laser doppler ans skin biopsies will also be undertaken. Clinical and Global Impression of Change questionnaires will be completed. A blood draw will include glycaemic (glucose, HbA1c) measurements. ; ; The follow‐up evaluation: All patients will be contacted 4 wk after the final visit and study drug withdrawal in order to monitor response to discontinuation of treatment or regression or adverse events. ; Secondary Objective: To determine the effect of pregabalin on pain‐related brain activity at rest and during noxious thermal stimulation using blood oxygen level‐dependent (BOLD) contrast functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI); ; To determine the effects of pregabalin on cerebral evoked potential (EP) response at rest and during noxious thermal stimulation;
 The effect of Pioglitazone on Cardiovascular and Psychiatric status of non-Diabetic Metabolic Syndrome Patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: One Pioglitazone 30 mg Tablet per day for 24 weeks. Intervention 2: One Placebo Tablet per day for 24 weeks. One Pioglitazone 30 mg Tablet per day for 24 weeks One Placebo Tablet per day for 24 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Metabolic disorder, unspecified Metabolic Syndrome. ; Metabolic disorder, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: ‐. Timepoint: ‐. Method of measurement: ‐. Asymmetric Dimethylarginine. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Early (E) and late (A) ventricular filling velocity. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Pulse wave Doppler Echocardiography. Left Ventricular End Diastolic Diameter. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: 2D and M‐Mode Echocardiography. Left Ventricular Mass. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: 2D and M‐Mode Echocardiography. Myocardial early diastolic velocity (Em). Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Tissue Doppler Echocardiography. Nitric Oxide. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Quality of Life. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: EuroQol (EQ 5‐D) questionnaire. Quantitative CRP. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Severity of Anxiety and Depression. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) questionnaire. Stress level. Timepoint: baseline‐ week 24. Method of measurement: General Health Questionnaire (GHQ‐12). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index and Waist circumference. Timepoint: baseline‐ weeks 12 and 24. Method of measurement: Scale‐ Tape measure. Liver Transaminases. Timepoint: baseline‐ weeks 12 and 24. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Plasma Lipoproteins. Timepoint: baseline ‐ week 24. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Vital signs and General health status. Timepoint: baseline‐ weeks 6, 12, 18, 24. Method of measurement: Medical history and Physical Examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male or Female 18 to 65 years of age, Patients with Metabolic Syndrome (National Cholesterol Education Program/ATP III Criteria), New York Heart Association Functional Class 1 or 2, BMI 25 to 32 kg/m2 Exclusion Criteria: Current or prior use of Pioglitazone or Rosiglitazone within the preceding 3 months, Current use of Glucocorticoids, Any history or evidence of ischemic heart disease, Patients with vulvular heart disease, Patients with uncontrolled hypertention (>140/90 mmHg), Patients with LV Systolic dysfunction diagnosed by Doppler Echocardiography (EF < 40%), Patients with Restrictive or Constrictive Cardiomyopathy and/or Pericarditis, Patients with Infectious Endocarditis, Patients with impaired Renal function (plasma creatinine > 1.5 mg/dl) or Hepatic function (ALT > 3 times of upper limit of normal), Chronic systemic inflammatory disease (eg. Rheumatoid disorders), Anemia (Hb < 13 mg/dl in Men & Hb < 12 mg/dl in Women), Pregnancy or
 Effect of L-Arginine supplementation on antioxidant status in Pre-diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: People with pre‐diabetes, a fasting blood sugar of 100 ‐125mg/ dL or a two‐hour blood sugar between 140 to 199 mg/ dL ‐ Range of BMI 25 to 34.9 Kg / m 2 ‐ Age: 20 to 50 years. daily 3 g L‐arginine (3 capsules containing 1 g L‐arginine) was given every 8 hours for 8 weeks. At the end of the fourth and eighth weeks remaining capsules were counted, patients did not take their more than 10 percent of capsules, are excluded from the study. The subjects were told not to change diet and activity level. Intervention 2: People with pre‐diabetes, a fasting blood sugar of 100 ‐125mg/ dL or a two‐hour blood sugar between 140 to 199 mg/ dL ‐ Range of BMI 25 to 34.9 Kg / m 2 ‐ Age: 20 to 50 years. daily 3 g placebo(3 capsules containing 1 g Maltodextrin that was similar l‐arginine) was given the same as the intervention group. The subjects were told not to change diet and activity level. People with pre‐diabetes, a fasting blood sugar of 100 ‐125mg/ dL or a two‐hour blood sugar between 140 to 199 mg/ dL ‐ Range of BMI 25 to 34.9 Kg / m 2 ‐ Age: 20 to 50 years. daily 3 g L‐arginine (3 capsules containing 1 g L‐arginine) was given every 8 hours for 8 weeks. At the end of the fourth and eighth weeks remaining capsules were counted, patients did not take their more than 10 percent of capsules, are excluded from the study. The subjects were told not to change diet and activity level. People with pre‐diabetes, a fasting blood sugar of 100 ‐125mg/ dL or a two‐hour blood sugar between 140 to 199 mg/ dL ‐ Range of BMI 25 to 34.9 Kg / m 2 ‐ Age: 20 to 50 years. daily 3 g placebo(3 capsules containing 1 g Maltodextrin that was similar l‐arginine) was given the same as the intervention group. The subjects were told not to change diet and activity level. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Impaired glucose tolerancePrediabetes pre‐diabetic patient. ; Impaired glucose tolerancePrediabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glutathione peroxidase activity level. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after the start of supplementation. Method of measurement: Blood testing (by ELISA kit). Glutathione reductase activity. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after the start of supplementation. Method of measurement: Blood testing (by ELISA kit). Superoxide dismutase activity. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after the start of supplementation. Method of measurement: Blood testing (by ELISA kit). Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after the start of supplementation. Method of measurement: Blood testing (by ELISA kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: A) INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ tendency to cooperate with research project ‐ Newly diagnosed individuals with pre‐diabetes ‐ People with pre‐diabetes, a fasting blood sugar of 100 ‐125mg/ dL or a two‐hour blood sugar between 140 to 199 mg/ dL ‐ Range of BMI 25 to 34.9 Kg / m 2 ‐ Age: 20 to 50 years; B) Not allowed to inter criteria: ‐ Have not past medical history of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, liver disease, thyroid disease, chronic infection, heart attack or stroke in the previous years .‐ Taking lipid‐lowering drugs, blood sugar‐lowering drugs, estrogen or progesterone, antibiotics during past year ,‐ Taking any supplements such as L ‐ arginine during the 2 months prior to the study‐ Smoking ‐ pregnancy or lactation, or menopause ‐ alcohol intake; C) Exclusion Criteria: ‐ Non‐compliance supplements taking (more than 10% of supplements it is not been taken .) ‐ The existence of any of the criteria Not allowed t SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI(Body Mass Index). Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: Calculation:Weight (kg) / squared height (m). Carbohydrate intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Cholesterol intake. Timepoint: befor supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hours recall. Energy intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Fiber intake. Timepoint: befor supplementation. Method of measurement: 24hours recall. Height. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: Tape mete Installed on the wall. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: Tape meter. Lipid intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Mono unSaturated fatty acid intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Polyunsaturated fatty acids intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Protein intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Saturated fatty acid intake. Timepoint: Before supplementation. Method of measurement: 24 hour recall. Serum concentrations of arginine. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: blood testing. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: Tape meter. Waist to Hip ratio. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: Calculation. Weight. Timepoint: Before and 2 months after supplementation. Method of measurement: Use Scale With Accuracy 100g.
 Effect of zinc supplementation on serum levels of nerve growth factor in the treatment of diabetic retinopathy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The case group will receive a 30mg zinc gloconate tablet for 3 months, one to two hours after lunch. The tablets will provided by jalinous pharmaceutical company in Tehran . All the patients will receive the supplements on a weekly base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews. Intervention 2: The control group will receive a 30mg maltose‐ dextrin tablet as placebo for 3 months, one to two hours after lunch. The tablets will be provided by the Faculty of Pharmacy, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences.All the patients will receive the placebo on a weekly base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews. Placebo The case group will receive a 30mg zinc gloconate tablet for 3 months, one to two hours after lunch. The tablets will provided by jalinous pharmaceutical company in Tehran . All the patients will receive the supplements on a weekly base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews. The control group will receive a 30mg maltose‐ dextrin tablet as placebo for 3 months, one to two hours after lunch. The tablets will be provided by the Faculty of Pharmacy, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences.All the patients will receive the placebo on a weekly base and will be monitored for consumption continuation and any possible adverse effects by telephone interviews. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetic retinopathy Diabetic retinopathy. ; Diabetic retinopathy H36.0* PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum concentration of nerve growth factor. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 months of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Serum concentration of zinc. Timepoint: At baseline and after 3 months of intervention. Method of measurement: Atomic absorption spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Insulin Resistance Index. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: At baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Stethoscope and sphygmomanometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age range 40‐70 years old; suffering from type 2 diabetes; subject diagnosed with diabetic retinopathy based on ETDRS and the DRS criteria. Exclusion criteria: insulin injection; hving chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disorders, renal and hepatic,asthma and allergy; having malabsorption syndrome and inflammatory bowel disease; pregnancy and lactation; drugs interfering with zinc (Penicillin amine, Diethylenetriamine pentaacetate); receiving nutritional supplements from 2 months before the study (zinc, calcium, vitamin A and iron); exercise on a regular basis; having a mental illness such as depression; infectious diseases and AIDS; alcoholism.
 Investigating The Effect Of Olea Ointment On Cesarean Incision Local Pain And Healing In Mothers After Cesarian Cection;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: The Intervention Group Will Be The Group Receiving Olea Ointment. First, The Researcher Will Be Taught How To Use The Ointment For The First Time, And Then The Samples Of The Intervention Group Will Be Asked To Place A Layer Of Olea Ointment On The Abdominal Cesarean Section Every 12 Hours And For At Least Two Minutes. Remain On The Skin And Then Cover The Wound With Sterile Gauze And Bandage. The First Intervention Will Be Performed By The Researcher 24 Hours After The Operation And The Next Interventions Will Be Performed By The Researcher During The Hospital Stay and After Discharging The Samples From The Hospital. It Will Be Done By The Person Himself. Intervention 2: Control group: The Placebo Group Will Receive A Placebo Ointment. First, The Researcher Is Taught How To Use The Ointment For The First Time, And Then The Samples Of The Intervention Group Are Asked To Put A Layer Of Ointment On The Abdominal Cesarean Section Every 12 Hours And On The Cesarean Section For At Least Two Minutes. The Skin Remains And Then The Wound Is Covered With Sterile Gauze AndThe First Intervention Will Be Performed By The Researcher 24 Hours After The Operation And The Next Interventions Will Be Performed By The Researcher During The Hospital Stay And After Discharge Of The Samples From The Hospital By The Person Will Do It Himself. CONDITION: 090.0 The Extent of Local Pain and Repair of Cesarean Section in Referring Mothers. ; • O85‐O92 Complications Predominantly Related To the PuerperiumO86.0 Infection of Obstetric Surgical Wound. Infected Caesarean Section Wound Followimg Delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: The Extent of Local Pain and Repair of Cesarean Section in The Referring Mothers. Timepoint: The Severity of Pain Before With the Visual Scale of Pain Ruler and The Condition of Abdominal Incision Improvement Are Also Evaluated And Recorded By The Researcher Using The Reeda Scale Before The Intervention, 24 Hours After The First Intervention And On Days 5 And 10 After Cesarean Section. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) and Reeda. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willingness And Satisfaction To Enter The Study Cesarean Delivery In Al‐Zahra Educational‐Medical Center In Rasht Primary And Multi‐par Mothers With A History Of Two Cesarean Sections Gestational Age 37 to 42 Weeks Depending On The Ultrasound Or The First Day Of The Last Period Abdominal Incision Of Transverse Type Maximum Rupture Time Of Membran Less Than 12 Hours Minimum Literacy, Have A phone number To follow Absence Of Systemic Diseases Including Diabetes And Cardiovascular Disease Blood Pressure Coagulation Disorders During Or Before Pregnancy No Postpartum Hemorrhage No Blood Transfusion In Surgery Do Not Take Certain Medications That Increase The Risk Of Postpartum Infection
 The Alberta Vascular Risk Reduction Community Pharmacy Project: rxEACH;  Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide accounting for nearly one third of the total deaths. The majority (90%) of the CVD cases are caused by modifiable risk factors. These factors include tobacco smoking, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, physical inactivity, high fat diet and obesity. In Canada CVD rates have decreased drastically over the last few decades, yet it is still one of the leading causes of death. It also carries a financial burden on the Canadian economy with a cost close to $ 21 billion every year divided between loss of productivity and healthcare costs. Despite the risks associated with the major CVD risk factors and the treatment advancement, their prevalence is still substantial in North America. Treatment gaps were also reported amongst such factors. Al Hamarneh and colleagues (2012) reported that almost 50% of the community dwelling patients with type 2 diabetes were not at their HbA1c target. Leiter and colleagues (2013) reported that almost half of the patients with type 2 diabetes did not achieve their HbA1c or cholesterol target, slightly more than one third achieved their blood pressure targets and only 13% achieved the composite triple target. The guidelines recommend using cardiovascular risk assessment equations to guide CVD prevention and management. Despite being recommended by the guidelines, it has not been integrated in the clinicians' daily routine; in fact the majority of the patients attending physicians' clinics reported that they have never had a cardiovascular risk assessment. This indicates the need for new avenues for the patients to get their cardiovascular risk assessed. Community pharmacists are front‐line primary healthcare professionals who see patients with chronic diseases more frequently than family physicians; as such, they are well positioned to identify patients at high risk for CVD, determine their CVD risk and assist in their disease management. The efficacy of pharmacists' intervention in chronic disease has been well demonstrated in the literature. Two of the largest randomized controlled trials in community pharmacy setting were conducted by our group. Both studies reported positive impact of the pharmacist intervention on the patients' lipid panel and blood pressure. Objectives Primary objective To evaluate the effect of a community pharmacy‐based case finding and intervention program in patients at high risk for cardiovascular events on reduction in estimated risk for major cardiovascular events. Secondary objectives Clinical: ‐ Improvements in individual risk factors: LDL‐cholesterol, blood pressure, HbA1c (among patients with diabetes), and smoking cessation ‐ Achievement of recommended cholesterol, blood pressure and glycemic control targets ‐ Increase in proportion of patients receiving appropriate BP, cholesterol and diabetes medication Process: ‐ Increase in number of high risk patients screened for cardiovascular risk ‐ Assess the efficacy of various case‐finding mechanisms and vulnerable patient population reach ‐ Assure sustainability by exploring enabling and barrier forces. Methods Design: Randomized controlled trial with patients as the unit of randomization Setting: Community pharmacists in Alberta for recruitment and follow up, engaging both patients and family physicians Patients/Population: Inclusion criteria: Adults (≥18 years of age) at high risk for cardiovascular events, including: ‐ Patients with diabetes ‐ Patients with chronic kidney disease [eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73m2 and/or (ACR >= 30 mg/mmol or two consecutive ACR tests which are >= 3 mg/mmol)] ‐ Primary prevention patients with multiple risk factors and Framingham risk score >20% ‐ Patients with established atherosclerotic vascular disease including cerebrovascular disease (prior stroke or transient ischemic attack), cardiovascular disease (myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stable angina, or revascularization), or peripheral arterial disease (symptomatic and/or ankle brachial index <0.9). ‐ In order to qualify for inclusion, all patients must have at least one uncontrolled risk factor (i.e., blood pressure, LDL‐cholesterol, HbA1c, or current smokers. Exclusion criteria: ‐ Unwilling to participate/sign consent form ‐ Unwilling or unable to participate in regular follow‐up visits ‐ Pregnancy Recruitment: Pharmacists and pharmacy staff are going to use the following methods to recruit patients in the study: · Proactive recruitment by case‐finding facilitators (trained pharmacy technicians, assistants or pharmacy/medical/nursing students who focus on target prescriptions for oral hypoglycemic, anti‐hypertensive and lipid lowering medications). Pharmacists will check the most recent lab results for those patients in the course of routine care. If the patient has not had an eGFR or proteinuria test done over the last 12 months he/she will be given a request to do those tests with a copy sent to his/her family physician. If the Patient meets the inclusion criteria for the study the patient will be asked if he/she wants to participate in the study. If the patient agrees on participating he/she will be asked to sign a written informed consent form. After signing the consent form the patient will be enrolled in the study. The patient's family physician is going to receive a letter from the pharmacist to inform him/her that his/her patient agreed to participate in this study. Randomization: Once informed written consent is obtained, the patients will be randomized (via a centralized secure website to ensure allocation concealment) in a 1:1 ratio to either advanced care or usual care groups Intervention: For all the patients randomized to the advanced care group the pharmacist will complete a Comprehensive Annual Care Plan (CACP) or Standard Medication Management Assessment (SMMA), which will include: ‐ Patient assessment (blood pressure measurement according to CHEP guidelines, waist circumference, weight and height measurements) ‐ Laboratory assessment of HbA1c and lipids (if not done within 3 months) ‐ Individual assessment of CVD risk and education about this risk ‐ Calculation of cardiovascular risk will be facilitated by an online tool in which the pharmacist enters patient demographics such as age, gender, cholesterol, blood pressure, smoking status, diabetes, etc and the system will use the appropriate risk engine based on the patient's medical history. UKPDS, International model to predict recurrent cardiovascular disease and Framingham will be used for patients with diabetes, previous vascular disease, CKD or high Framingham risk (>20%) respectively (see appendix for risk engines score sheets). In the case where a patient has more than one co‐morbidity the risk engine estimating the highest risk will be used ‐ Discussion of CVD risk with the patient using the interactive online tool which explains his/her individual cardiovascular risk and targets for intervention ‐ Proving the patient with education on cardiovascular risk factors and healthy lifestyle options ‐ Providing treatment recommendations (C‐CHANGE and up to date Canadian clinical practice guidelines) ‐ Prescription adaptation(s), and/or prescribe where necessary to meet lipid, blood pressure and glycemic control targets and smoking cessation. ‐ Regular communication with the patient's family physician after each contact with the patient using the physician contact form which will be developed by the research team ‐ Regular follow‐up with all patients a minimum of every 3‐4 weeks for 3 months (Interim telephone follow‐up may be performed at the discretion of the pharmacist; however telephone follow‐up cannot be used for 2 consecutive visits or for the final visit (3 months). Usual care: Patients randomized to the usual care group will receive: ‐ Usual pharmacy care with no specific interventions for 3 months ‐ At the end of the 3 months of the usual care period, all patients will cross over to receive the advanced care outlined above for 3 months The analysis of the results from patients who cross over from the usual care group into the advanced care group will be conducted separately on before and after design basis.
 Health Improvement and Prevention Study;  INTERVENTION: This project will be conducted as a randomized controlled trial with randomisation at the level of practices. After baseline data collection from 32 practices and their staff, practices will be randomized into the intervention or the control group (16 in each group). The intervention will be undertaken by the researchers for the practices, and by clinician, for the patients (health check). METHOD: Six‐month intervention driven by the Project officers from the Divisions will provide support to participating practices to implement the health check. The intervention will focus on : 1) Clinician awareness and use of motivational interviewing/stages of change to provide appropriate brief interventions during the health check 2) Clinical staff awareness of 5A’s and opportunities for intervention. 3) Patients requiring follow up with the GP are either recalled to the practice by a systematic method, or are provided with their next appointment at the time of consultation. 4) Regular and comprehensive assessment and monitoring is carried out; 5) A systematic approach to maintaining patient registers; 6) Comprehensive recording of SNAP (S= quit Smoking, N=better Nutrition, A=moderate Alcohol, P=more Physical activity) risk factors and interventions in a searchable electronic format; 7) Maintaining an up‐to‐date directory of linkages with health professionals or organisations for SNAP‐related referrals, and a systematic approach for updating this; 8) A systematic approach to providing patient education and resources (paper or electronic); 9) Practice support by identification the potential for expansion of the roles and responsibilities of non‐GP staff to support prevention and strategies to do this; 10) Practice support in billing systems which include the health check CONDITION: Vascular disease, Diabetes Mellitus, Coronary Heart Disease, Hypertension Obesity Stress PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary Outcome 1: Change in Patient's absolute risk of cardiovascular disease. Primary Outcome 2: Change in single behavioural (Smoking, Diet, Physical Activity) and physiological risk factors (Blood pressure, Total Cholesterol) Primary Outcome 3: Change in Preventive Care received (assessment of behavioural risk factors, blood pressure, fasting lipids,fasting blood glucose) over previous 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary Outcome 1: Change in patient assessed access and patient centredness of primary care using General Practice Assessment Questionnaire (GPAQ) Secondary Outcome 2: Change in capacity of general practices to provide preventive care (appointment systems, information systems, team roles) Secondary Outcome 3: Change in patient psychosocial stress measured by the K10 questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: General Practices will be eligible to participate if they use computer‐based medical records, are not currently involved in other research, and are located in the participating Divisions of General Practice. Patients in participating practices will be eligible for inclusion in the study if they are aged 45‐65 years and have History of Gestational Diabetes (GDM), “Pre diabetes” – impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glycaemia, or elevated blood pressure (or on treatment for high blood pressure) or high cholesterol (or on treatment for cholesterol), Overweight (BMI >28 or waist circumference >102 in males and >88 in females), and current smoker.
 Assessement of the effects of coffee main constituents in none- alcoholic fatty liver patients with type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: caffeine (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus chlorogenic acid (200 mg) 1 capsule/d caffeine (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d Intervention 1: caffeine (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d. Intervention 2: placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus chlorogenic acid (200 mg) 1 capsule/. Intervention 3: caffeine (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus chlorogenic acid (200 mg) 1 capsule/d. Intervention 4: placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d. Placebo placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus chlorogenic acid (200 mg) 1 capsule/ placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d plus placebo (200 mg) 1 capsule/d Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: (Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD NAFLD. ; (Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD PRIMARY OUTCOME: ALT. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: U/L. AST. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: U/L. GGT. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: U/L. Glucose. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl. Liver fibrosis. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: fiberscan. Liver Steatosis. Timepoint: Before and 6 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: ultrasonography. Weight. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: kg. SECONDARY OUTCOME: a2‐Macroglobulin. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/l. Adiponectin. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: µg/ml. C‐peptide. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: ng /ml. CRP. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/l. Cytokeratin 18. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: u/l. HbA1C. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: %. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl. IFN‐g. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: pg/ml. Insulin. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: µU/mL. LDL‐C. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl. Leptin. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: ng /ml. NFK‐B. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: ‐. TAC. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: µg/l. TC. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl. TG. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Before and 24 weekes after the intervention. Method of measurement: pg/ml. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient diagnosed with type 2 diabetes based on American Diabetes Association (ADA) definition or who only take oral antidiabetic drug. CAPscore >263 Exclusion Criteria: Taking any kind of antibiotics two weeks before recruitment; History of alcohol consumption ; pregnancy or lactation; Professional athletes; Other liver disease (viral/etc); High dose synthetic estrogens, methotrexate , amiodarone, steroids, chloroquine, immunosuppressive drugs; A history of Cardiovascular disease; Renal disease, Celiac disease, Cirrhosis; History of Upper Gastrointestinal surgery ; A history of hypothyroidism or Cushing's syndrome; History of drug dependence; Body mass index (BMI) =35 kg/m2; A restrictive diet or weight change = 5 kg during the 3 months prior to study; Any change in treatment with oral hypoglycemic; anti hypertensive and antilipid agents during the study; Use of weight
 Prevention of post spinal shivering by drugs;  INTERVENTION: After spinal anesthesia , in ketamine group ,0.5 mg/kg ketamine (3ml) after clamping of umblical cord intravenously is injected . After spinal anesthesia, in control group 3ml normal salin , after clamping of umblical cord intravenously is injected. After spinal anesthesia, in group A 2mg/kg hydrocortison (3ml),after clamping of umblical cord intravenously is injected. Intervention 1: After spinal anesthesia, in group A 2mg/kg hydrocortison (3ml),after clamping of umblical cord intravenously is injected. Intervention 2: After spinal anesthesia , in ketamine group ,0.5 mg/kg ketamine (3ml) after clamping of umblical cord intravenously is injected . Intervention 3: After spinal anesthesia, in control group 3ml normal salin , after clamping of umblical cord intravenously is injected. Placebo Prevention CONDITION: Complication of anaesthesia during labour and delivery, unspecified post spinal shivering. ; Complication of anaesthesia during labour and delivery, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Consumption of pethidine. Timepoint: during sergury and in recovery. Method of measurement: mg and by observation. Consumption ofephedrine. Timepoint: during sergury and in recovery. Method of measurement: mg and by observation. Frequency of shivering. Timepoint: during sergury and in recovery. Method of measurement: Observation. Heart Rate. Timepoint: 1‐2‐3‐4‐5‐10‐15‐20‐30‐40‐50‐60 minutes after spinal anesthesia and 10‐20 &30 minutes after arriving to recovery. Method of measurement: Beat per minute and by ECG monitoring. Mean arterial pressure. Timepoint: 1‐2‐3‐4‐5‐10‐15‐20‐30‐40‐50‐60 minutes after spinal anesthesia and 10‐20 &30 minutes after arriving to recovery. Method of measurement: mmHg and by noninvasive automatic blood pressure monitoring. Neonate APGAR. Timepoint: 1&5 minutes after birth. Method of measurement: APGAR Score. Shiverig grading. Timepoint: during sergury and in recovery. Method of measurement: shivering score. SPO2. Timepoint: 1‐2‐3‐4‐5‐10‐15‐20‐30‐40‐50‐60 minutes after spinal anesthesia and 10‐20 &30 minutes after arriving to recovery. Method of measurement: Percent and by pulse oxymetry. Systolic and diastolic blood presure. Timepoint: 1‐2‐3‐4‐5‐10‐15‐20‐30‐40‐50‐60 minutes after spinal anesthesia and 10‐20 &30 minutes after arriving to recovery. Method of measurement: mmHg and by noninvasive automatic blood pressure monitoring. Tempreture. Timepoint: each 15 minutes until end of recovery. Method of measurement: degree and by medical oral termometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hallocination. Timepoint: during surgery & recovery. Method of measurement: observation & interview. Nausea & vomiting. Timepoint: during surgery. Method of measurement: observation & interview. Nistagmus. Timepoint: during surgery & recovery. Method of measurement: Observation & Examination. Sedation score. Timepoint: 1‐2‐3‐4‐5‐10‐15‐20‐30‐40‐50‐60 minutes after spinal anesthesia and 10‐20 &30 minutes after arriving to recovery. Method of measurement: Ramsay score. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: pregnant women aged 18 ‐40 years old; ASA class 1&2; term pregnant patients (gestational age 36‐40 weeks) and candidate for cesarean section under spinal anesthesia . Exclusion criteria: high risk pregnancy; multiple pregnancy; emergency cesarean section; pre‐eclampsia & eclampsia; cardiovascular disease; respiratory disease; psychiatric disease; thyroid disease; diabetes melitus; long history of corticosteroids administration; hypertension; peptic ulcer; need to get blood products; temperature >38 c and contraindication of spinal anesthesia.
 NORVIT and WENBIT - Long-term Follow-up;  The "homocysteine‐hypothesis" of vascular disease has attracted considerable interest, as total plasma homocysteine levels can be easily lowered by folic acid and vitamin B12, raising the prospect that cardiovascular disease could be lowered by such B‐vitamin supplementation. Two large B‐vitamin intervention trials have been performed in Norway during the period 1998 to 2005, NORVIT and WENBIT, both registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, identifiers NCT00266487 and NCT00354081, respectively. The main objective in these trials was to study the effects of homocysteine‐lowering therapy with folic acid and vitamin B12 to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with established coronary artery disease. The B‐vitamin intervention, which included vitamin B6 in a 2x2 factorial design, was identical in the two trials. Follow‐up was terminated for NORVIT on March 31st 2004 and for WENBIT October 5th 2005. Results from the NORVIT trial was published April 2006 {Bonaa, 2006} and preliminary results from the WENBIT trial were presented at the annual congress of the European Society of Cardiology September 4th 2007 {Zegers, 2007}. The WENBIT trial is completed and submitted for publication early in year 2008. So far, none of the B‐vitamin intervention trials have shown any statistically significant favourable effect of homocysteine‐lowering therapy with folic acid with or without concomitant vitamin B12 on cardiovascular events {Bazzano, 2006}. In NORVIT there was even a trend towards an increased risk of cardiovascular events (myocardial infarctions) in patients receiving the combination of folic acid, vitamin B12 and vitamin B6. This trend was not observed in WENBIT. However, the treatment with folic acid / B12 was associated With a more rapid progression of angiographic coronary atenoses {Løland, 2010}. Thus, the "homocysteine‐hypothesis" of vascular disease has been attenuated through the emergence of these negative trial results, whereas a potential harmful effect of the B‐vitamin intervention has been revealed. There is so far no data on possible long‐term effects following years of B‐vitamin supplementation. By combining analyses and follow‐up in the NORVIT and WENBIT cohorts, we will probably have some more answers both considering possible subgroup and long‐term effects of the B‐vitamin intervention. The effect of the B‐vitamin intervention will also be studied in relation to other life‐style diseases like diabetes and osteoprosis. Additionally, the combined NORVIT‐WENBIT cohort will used for observational studies evaluating new risk phenotypes or genotypes and their potential effect modification by the B‐vitamin interventions. Current data indicate that folate prevents cancer, especially breast and colorectal cancer. However, during the last few years several reports have challenged this assumption. Swedish observational studies found increased risk of colorectal cancer at high blood folate levels {Van Guelpen, 2006} and increased risk of prostate cancer at high levels of folate and vitamin B12 {Hultdin, 2005}. In a randomised trial with folic acid versus placebo to prevent colorectal adenomas, one found increased risk of cancer in the group receiving folic acid, especially of prostate cancer {Cole, 2007}. In a long‐term follow‐up of women taking high doses of folic acid throughout pregnancy one found a doubled risk of deaths attributable to breast cancer {Charles, 2004}. Recently it has been hypothesized that the implementation of folic acid fortification of foods may have been wholly or partly responsible for the observed increase in colorectal cancer rates in the USA and Canada in the mid to late 1990s {Mason, 2007}. This has led to new hypotheses that folate may prevent carcinogenesis but may enhance the growth of established cancer cells {Ulrich, 2007}. The question of possible adverse effects of folic acid supplementation will be of major importance when public health administrations decide whether to implement or enhance programs folic acid fortification of foods.
 A Multicenter, randomized, double-blind, positive controlled clinical study to assess the efficacy and safety of Acetyl L-Carnitine in the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy;  Inclusion criteria 1. Understanding and willing to participate in this clinical trial and to provide signed informed consent; 2. Aged 18‐70 years,gender is not limited; 3. Definition of Diabetes: according to WHO recommendation (1999); 4. Suffering from diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and the upper or lower limb with a nerve conduction velocity (MNCV, SNCV), or nerve conduction amplitude (CMAP, SNAP) in patients with abnormal; 5. Urine or blood of women of childbearing age pregnancy test negative. Exclusion criteria: 1. Into the group two weeks ago,patients with poor blood sugar control:HbA1c>8.5%; 2. Peripheral neuropathy was caused by Non‐diabetic disease such as brain tumors, trauma, Neural factors; 3. Allergic or intolerance toAcetyl L‐Carnitine; 4. Patients with abnormal thyroid function, or have a history of thyroid disease, or are receiving treatment; 5. Patients with severe bleeding disorders; 6. Patients with Peptic ulcer; 7. Patients with severe hypertension, unstable angina pectoris, severe arrhythmia, cardiac insufficency a, pulmonary incompetence, a myocardial infarction history within six months before entered into the group or planting a pacemaker, stent; 8. Liver or kidney dysfunctioor: ALT and / or AST two times more than laboratory indicators normal ceiling; Cr over the laboratory indicators normal ceiling; 9. Patients with any malignant tumor including intracranial tumor; 10. suckling women, pregnant women, Women of childbearing age or partners do not agree with male patients in the study to take effective contraceptive measures; 11. Patients with alcohol addiction and drug abuse one year before entering into the group; 12. Patients with poor compliance; 13. Patients participate in other clinical trials at the same time or within three months before entering into the group; 14. Other patients the researchers deemed were not suitable for the trial.
 Effect of gabapentin on heart rate variability in diabetic painful peripheral neuropathy: a double blinded randomized clinical trial;  INTERVENTION: capsule like gabapentin including starch (as placebo) daily for three months plus Kapsycin cream for reducing pain with a phalanx size three times a day for three months gabapentin capsule 100 mg in the first day, 200 mg in the second day, and 300 mg daily from third day for three months plus moisturizing cream (as placebo) with a phalanx size three times a day for three months Intervention 1: gabapentin capsule 100 mg in the first day, 200 mg in the second day, and 300 mg daily from third day for three months plus moisturizing cream (as placebo) with a phalanx size three times a day for three months. Intervention 2: capsule like gabapentin including starch (as placebo) daily for three months plus Kapsycin cream for reducing pain with a phalanx size three times a day for three months. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diabetic autonomic neuropathy painful peripheral neuropathy. ; Diabetic autonomic neuropathy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Standard deviation of N‐N (SDNN). Timepoint: 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: 24 hours holter monitoring device. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Any adverse events. Timepoint: 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Orthostatic hypotension. Timepoint: 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. Resting tachycardia. Timepoint: 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Mercury sphygmomanometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: the patients of 18 years or older with painful peripheral neuropathy Exclusion criteria: (a) previous history of cardiac arrhythmia, valvular heart disease, heart block, symptomatic ischemic heart disease; (b) open‐heart surgery; (c) using anti‐ arrhythmia, beta blockers, tricyclic antidepressants and phenothiazines drugs; (d) pregnancy and lactation; (e ) history of major depression, (f) ESRD; (g) allergy to gabapentin; and (h) Unstable general condition
 Effect of BFR Training on Glycemic Control, Functional Activity and Quality of Life in Individuals With Pre-diabetes;  In 2021, a randomized control trial had been conducted to determine the effects of two methods of resistance training with and without blood flow restriction on coagulation indices and blood glucose levels in type 2 diabetic patients. This study recruited 41 patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into three groups of resistance training with and without blood flow restriction and the control group. The subjects of the resistance training group with and without flow restriction performed the training for 8 weeks with intensities of 20, 40, 60, 80% of one maximum repetition and 20 and 30% of one maximum repetition, respectively. During this period, the subjects in the control group led a normal life and did not have a regular exercise program. Coagulation parameters, hematocrit and blood glucose levels were measured before and 48 hours after the last training session. This study concluded that 8 weeks of resistance training can prevent thrombosis and sudden onset of cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes by reducing fibrinogen levels and increasing the Prothrombin Time index. This type of exercise also plays an insulin‐like role by lowering blood sugar levels. In 2019, a randomized control trial had been conducted to determine the Proximal, Distal, and Contralateral Effects of Blood Flow Restriction Training on the Lower Extremities. This study included 26 patients, providing 16 Blood Flow Restriction and 10 control patients. Patients were excluded for cardiac, pulmonary, or hematologic disease; pregnancy; or previous surgery in the extremity. The experimental group completed a standardized 6‐week course of Blood Flow Restriction training. All participants of experimental group completed the following exercises at each training session: straight‐leg raise hip flexion, side‐lying hip abduction, long‐arc quadriceps extension, and standing hamstring curl. Strength exercises were performed on both extremities using predetermined weight, calculated as 30% of 1‐repitition (rep) maximum determined 1 week prior to the initiation of training Data collected at baseline and completion included limb circumferences and strength testing. This study concluded that low‐load Blood Flow Restriction training increased muscle strength and limb circumference more than high‐ load Blood Flow Restriction training. Both the proximal and distal muscle groups were strengthened by Blood Flow Restriction exercise. A systemic or crossover effect could be confirmed by gains in the contralateral extremity. In 2019, a randomized control trial had been conducted to determine the effects of Low‐load blood flow restriction training that induces similar morphological and mechanical Achilles' tendon adaptations as compared with high‐load resistance training. This study included 55 male volunteers those were randomly allocated into the following three groups: low load‐ Blood Flow Restriction, high load and a non‐exercising control group. The low load‐ Blood Flow Restriction and high load groups completed a resistance training program for 14 week, and tendon morphology, mechanical as well as material properties, and muscle cross‐ sectional area and isometric strength were assessed before and after the intervention. This study concluded that the adaptive change in Achilles' tendon properties following low‐load resistance training with partial vascular occlusion appears comparable to that evoked by high‐load resistance training. In 2018, a randomized control trial had been conducted to determine the effects of lower body blood flow restriction training may induce remote muscle strength adaptations in an active unrestricted arm. 24 participants were recruited in this study which were divided in two groups. an experimental Blood Flow Restriction group (EXP; n = 12) or a non‐ Blood Flow Restriction control group (CON; n = 12) completed 7‐weeks of resistance training comprising three sets of unilateral bicep curls [50% 1‐repetition maximum (1‐RM)], then four sets of bilateral knee extension and flexion exercises (30% 1‐RM). Experimental group performed leg exercises with an applied Blood Flow Restriction (60% limb occlusion pressure). 1‐RM strength was measured using bilateral leg exercises and unilateral bicep curls in both trained and untrained arms. Muscle CSA was measured via peripheral quantitative computed tomography in the dominant leg and both arms. This study concluded that Blood Flow Restriction training increased trained arm strength more than the contralateral untrained arm, and the trained arm of control. In 2018, a randomized control trial had been conducted to determine the effects of benefits of Resistance Training with Blood Flow Restriction in Knee Osteoarthritis. This study recruited forty‐eight women with knee OA were randomized into one of the three groups: low‐intensity resistance training (30% one repetition maximum 1‐RM) associated (BFRT) or not (LI‐RT) with partial blood flow restriction, and high‐intensity resistance training (HI‐ RT: 80% 1‐RM). Patients underwent a 12‐week supervised training program and were assessed for lower‐limb 1‐RM, quadriceps cross‐sectional area (CSA), functionality (timed stands test ‐ TST and timed‐up‐and‐go test ‐ TUG), and disease‐specific inventory (Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index ‐ WOMAC) before (PRE) and after the protocol (POST). This study concluded that BFRT and HI‐RT were similarly effective in increasing muscle strength, quadriceps muscle mass, and functionality in knee OA patients. Importantly, BFRT was also able to improve pain while inducing less joint stress, emerging as a feasible and effective therapeutic adjuvant in OA management. In previous studies, blood flow restriction technique has been used in clinical practice to increase the muscle mass and muscle strength. Literature is limited regarding the effects of Blood Flow Restriction to treat and control pre diabetes. Moreover, there are very less evidence that studied about the effect of Blood Flow Restriction to prevent the progression to diabetes mellites in pre‐diabetic participants. Therefore, current study is designed to determine the effects of blood flow restriction training on glycemic control in individuals with prediabetes.
 Study to Investigate the Effect of Hypoestes Rosea Powder in Parkinson's Disease;  Justification Age‐associated disorders are increasing in many low‐ and middle‐income countries due to population ageing and changing lifestyles. PD is a devastating condition which, in the advanced stages, is associated with immobility and uncontrollable tremors. Life then becomes miserable for the sufferers. Unfortunately, there is no cure for the disease except control of symptoms with medications. Any treatment combination that leads to better symptom control will go a long way in improving the quality of life for PD patients. This proof‐of‐concept study (POC), if successful will give a new lease on life to PD patients. Hence it is considered worthwhile to treat PD patients with a new compound that is contained in a local plant that is readily available and holds promise for efficacy based on its mode of action specifically in reducing the formation of alpha synuclein which underlies the neuronal death in PD. OBJECTIVES OF THE STUDY The aim of this study is to determine the efficacy of Hypoestoxide, as contained in Hypoestes rosea dry leaf powder (PECKO‐D), in improving motor symptoms in consenting PD patients over an 8‐week period. Specific Objectives: • To determine the efficacy of Hypoestes rosea in improving motor performance of PD patients through traditional clinical evaluation, use of the selected components of the Motor Examination section of the International Movement Disorders Society Scale and ActiGraph wearable as a quantitative assessment tool. ‐ To document the side effect profile of the herbal product Methodology Study site: University College Hospital, Ibadan Study design: Single‐center, randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trial Study Type: Interventional (Clinical Trial) Allocation: Randomized Masking: Double Primary Purpose: Treatment Study participants: Patients with mild to moderate Parkinson's disease symptoms. Eligibility Criteria Ages eligible for study: 30 years and older (Adult, older adult) Sexes Eligible for Study: All Accepts healthy volunteers: No Sample size: Being a proof‐of‐concept study, 19 PD patients will participate in this phase of the study Inclusion criteria: • Willing and able to give informed consent. ‐ Willingness and ability to comply with study requirements. ‐ PD diagnosis must be confirmed by bradykinesia plus one of the other cardinal signs (resting tremor, rigidity, postural instability) being present. ‐ Age >30 years ‐ Men and women with mild to moderate PD: Hoehn and Yahr scale stages 1 ‐ 3. Participants may be on current therapeutic agents (including levodopa, dopamine agonists, anticholinergics, amantadine or selegiline) to treat PD symptoms at the time of enrollment and may remain on these agents throughout the 5‐month study period. ‐ Women of childbearing potential (i.e., those not postmenopausal or surgically sterile) may participate provided that they are using adequate birth control methods for the duration of the study. Women of childbearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test at baseline and be non‐lactating. Exclusion: ‐ Subjects with advanced, severe disease, including those with dementia, severe osteoarthritis, allergies, stroke, and visual impairment. ‐ Presence of atypical PD syndromes due to drugs (e.g., metoclopramide, flunarizine), metabolic identified neurogenetic disorders (e.g., Wilson's disease), encephalitis, or other degenerative diseases (e.g., progressive supranuclear palsy). ‐ Any clinically significant medical condition (e.g., active neoplasm, angina) or laboratory abnormality, which would in the judgement of the investigator interfere with the subjects' ability to participate in the study or be followed. Study Procedure: In this study, participants with mild to moderate PD, whether treated or untreated, will be randomized into one of two study arms following an initial baseline assessment to determine motor activity status of each participant as follows: Baseline Determination: Measurement of motor activities of all participants will be determined for 3 weeks while on regular PD medication(s). The International Movement Disorders Society Scale ‐ Motor Examination (10 selected items on Slowness, Posture, Tremor, Rigidity and Gait) will be utilized for the quantitation of the motor activities. Drug arm: 15 patients will receive 4 capsules each containing 350 mg orally twice a day of PECKO‐D Forte for 8 weeks as add‐on therapy to patients' regular PD medication(s). Placebo arm: 15 participants will receive 4 capsules orally twice a day of United States Pharmacopeia (USP)‐grade starch for 8 weeks as add‐on to regular PD medication(s). Wash‐Out: Wash‐out will be for a duration of 4 weeks in which patients assigned to both arms will take no capsules. The Switch over: Following the wash‐out period, the PECKO‐D Forte group will receive 4 capsules of USP‐grade starch powder taken orally twice a day for 8 weeks. The placebo group will receive 4 capsules of PECKO‐D forte taken orally twice a day for 8 weeks. Symptoms of the participants will be monitored using traditional clinical evaluation and daily using ActiGraph as an established quantitative assessment tool Once enrolled and given the ActiGraph kit, the participants will be asked to perform four (4) separate study tasks daily during the baseline determination period and throughout the treatment period: gait, tremor, tapping and balance. The International Movement Disorders Society Scale (MDS) ‐ Motor Examination (10 selected items on Slowness, Posture, Tremor, Rigidity and Gait) will be utilized for the quantitation of the motor activities. Data collected using the ActiGraph will be computer‐analyzed and the MDS ‐ Motor items will then be analyzed for significant changes in symptom severity relative to baseline status. Measurements: These include compliance, gait and balance measures before, during, and after treatment with PECKO‐D. Participants will remain on their standard of care PD medications throughout the POC study and possible adverse side effects of the PEKO‐D will be monitored. The following variables will be documented for each of these key measures: i) Compliance: hours of device worn per day hours of device wear compliance per week hours of device worn per treatment period hours of device worn over the course of the study ii) Gait measures: start time of walking period in milliseconds end time of walking period in milliseconds Duration of walking period in seconds Distance walked per walking period in meters Average gait speed per walking period in meters Number of steps per walking period Average stride period per walking period in seconds Freeze index per walking period iii) Balance measures per detected walking period: ‐ X (lateral) axis variability in g ‐ Y (forward) axis variability in g ‐ Z (vertical) axis variability in g ‐ X‐Y (horizontal) variability in g ‐ Freeze Index (ratio) OUTCOME MEASURE: 10% Mean change in motor assessment parameters using the International Movement Disorders Society Scale ‐ selected motor examination items while on the Hypoestes. This equates to 1‐ to 2‐point improvement in motor performance over a 2‐month period on Hypoestes in the absence of side effects which will be monitored using pharmacovigilance tools. Total duration of study: 5 months (2 months on active drugs, 2 months on placebo with one month wash‐out period in‐between) The protocol for the study: PROOF OF CONCEPT STUDY: to investigate the effect of PECKO‐D Forte (100% Hypoestes rosea powder) in Parkinson's Disease using ActiGraph GT9X wearable as a quantitative assessment tool Study Protocol Serial Number: Hospital Number: 1. Name: 2. Address: 3. Phone number: 4. Gender: Male Female 5. Age (in years) Date of Birth (if known): CLINICAL DETAILS: 6. Age at diagnosis of PD: 7. DURATION OF DISEASE AT DIAGNOSIS 8. What are the predominant symptoms? (check all that apply) I) Tremor _______ ii) Stiffness _______iii) Slowness ______iv) Postural instability_______ 9. Stage of the disease (from Hoehn and Yahr Scale): _______________ I Unilateral disease only II Bilateral mild disease III Bilateral disease + early impairment of postural stability IV Severe disease requiring considerable assistance V Confinement to wheelchair or bed unless aided 10. Medical co‐morbidities i) Hypertension ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ ii) Diabetes Mellitus________ iii) Heart failure_______iv) Chronic lung disease_________ v) Osteoarthritis _______vi) Glaucoma______ VII) Others_________________________ 11. Current medications and dosages: I) L‐Dopa + carbidopa ii) Anticholinesterase iii) DOPA‐agonists (specify) iv) Others (specify) 12. Medication Side effects (if any) 13. Any major disability experienced ‐ Yes No IF yes, check whichever is applicable: Cognitive ______ On and off phenomenon_____ Neuropathic pain_________ Dyskinesia____________ others______________ WILLINGNESS TO PARTICIPATE IN STUDY: Yes No PECKO‐D Study Objective assessment of motor and non‐motor‐ features in PD patients The MDS‐sponsored Revision of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale 1. Posture: Instructions to examiner: Posture is assessed with the patient standing erect after arising from a chair, during walking, and while being tested for postural reflexes. If you notice poor posture, tell the patient to stand up straight and see if the posture improves (see option 2 below). Rate the worst posture seen in these three observation points. Observe for flexion and side‐to‐side leaning. 0: Normal: No problems. 1. Slight: Not quite erect, but posture could be normal for older person. 2. Mild: Definite flexion, scoliosis or leaning to one side, but patient can correct posture to normal posture when asked to do so. 3. Moderate: Stooped posture, scoliosis or leaning to one side that cannot be corrected volitionally to a normal posture by the patient. 4. Severe: Flexion, scoliosis or leaning with extreme abnormality of posture. 2. Global spontaneity of movement (body bradykinesia) Instructions to examiner: This global rating combines all observations on slowness, hesitancy, and small amplitude and poverty of movement in general, including a reduction of gesturing and of crossing the legs. This assessment is based on the examiner's global impression after observing for spontaneous gestures while sitting, and the nature of arising and walking. 0: Normal: No problems. 1. Slight: Slight global slowness and poverty of spontaneous movements. 2. Mild: Mild global slowness and poverty of spontaneous movements. 3. Moderate: Moderate global slowness and poverty of spontaneous movements. 4. Severe: Severe global slowness and poverty of spontaneous movements. 3. Rigidity: Instructions to examiner: Rigidity is judged on slow passive movement of major joints with the patient in a relaxed position and the examiner manipulating the limbs and neck. First, test without an activation maneuver. Test and rate neck and each limb separately. For arms, test the wrist and elbow joints simultaneously. For legs, test the hip and knee joints simultaneously. If no rigidity is detected, use an activation maneuver such as tapping fingers, fist opening/closing, or heel tapping in a limb not being tested. Explain to the patient to go as limp as possible as you test for rigidity. 0: Normal: No rigidity. 1. Slight: Rigidity only detected with activation maneuver. 2. Mild: Rigidity detected without the activation maneuver, but full range of motion is easily achieved. 3. Moderate: Rigidity detected without the activation maneuver; full range of motion is achieved with effort. 4. Severe: Rigidity detected without the activation maneuver and full range of motion not achieved. 4. Finger tapping: Instructions to examiner: Each hand is tested separately. Demonstrate the task, but do not continue to perform the task while the patient is being tested. Instruct the patient to tap the index finger on the thumb 10 times as quickly AND as big as possible. Rate each side separately, evaluating speed, amplitude, hesitations, halts, and decrementing amplitude. 0: Normal: No problems. 1. Slight: Any of the following: a) the regular rhythm is broken with one or two interruptions or hesitations of the tapping movement; b) slight slowing; c) the amplitude decrements near the end of the 10 taps. 2. Mild: Any of the following: a) 3 to 5 interruptions during tapping; b) mild slowing; c) the amplitude decrements midway in the 10‐tap sequence. 3. Moderate: Any of the following: a) more than 5 interruptions during tapping or at least one longer arrest (freeze) in ongoing movement; b) moderate slowing; c) the amplitude decrements starting after the 1st tap. 4. Severe: Cannot or can only barely perform the task because of slowing, interruptions, or decrements. 5. Toe tapping Instructions to examiner: Have the patient sit in a straight‐backed chair with arms, both feet on the floor. Test each foot separately. Demonstrate the task, but do not continue to perform the task while the patient is being tested. Instruct the patient to place the heel on the ground in a comfortable position and then tap the toes 10 times as big and as fast as possible. Rate each side separately, evaluating speed, amplitude, hesitations, halts, and decrementing amplitude. 0: Normal: No problems. 1. Slight: Any of the following: a) the regular rhythm is broken with one or two interruptions or hesitations of the tapping movement; b) slight slowing; c) amplitude decrements near the end of the ten taps. 2. Mild: Any of the following: a) 3 to 5 interruptions during the tapping movements; b) mild slowing; c) amplitude decrements midway in the task. 3. Moderate: Any of the following: a) more than 5 interruptions during the tapping movements or at least one longer arrest (freeze) in ongoing movement; b) moderate slowing; c) amplitude decrements after the 1st tap. 4. Severe: Cannot or can only barely perform the task because of slowing, interruptions or decrements. 6. Arising from a chair Instructions to examiner: Have the patient sit in a straight‐backed chair with arms, with both feet on the floor and sitting back in the chair (if the patient is not too short). Ask the patient to cross his/her arms across the chest and then to stand up. If the patient is not successful, repeat this attempt up to a maximum of two more times. If still unsuccessful, allow the patient to move forward in the chair to arise with arms folded across the chest. Allow only one attempt in this situation. If unsuccessful, allow the patient to push off using his/her hands on the arms of the chair. Allow a maximum of three trials of pushing off. If still not successful, assist the patient to arise. After the patient stands up, observe the posture. 0: Normal: No problems. Able to arise quickly without hesitation. 1. Slight: Arising is slower than normal; or may need more than one attempt; or may need to move forward in the chair to arise. No need to use the arms of the chair. 2. Mild: Pushes self up from the arms of the chair without difficulty. 3. Moderate: Needs to push off but tends to fall back; or may have to try more than one time using the arms of the chair but can get up without help. 4. Severe: Unable to arise without help. 7. Gait Instructions to examiner: Testing gait is best performed by having the patient walking away from and towards the examiner so that both right and left sides of the body can be easily observed simultaneously. The patient should walk at least 10 meters (30 feet), then turn around and return to the examiner. This item measures multiple behaviors: stride amplitude, stride speed, height of foot lift, heel strike during walking, turning, and arm swing, but not freezing. Observe posture for item 1 0: Normal: No problems. 1. Slight: Independent walking with minor gait impairment. 2. Mild: Independent walking but with substantial gait impairment. 3. Moderate: Requires an assistance device for safe walking (walking stick, walker) but not a person. 4. Severe: Cannot walk at all or only with another person's assistance. 8. Postural Stability Instructions to examiner: The test examines the response to sudden body displacement produced by a quick, forceful pull on the shoulders while the patient is standing erect with eyes open and feet comfortably apart and parallel to each other. Test retropulsion. Stand behind the patient and instruct the patient on what is about to happen. Explain that s/he is allowed to take a step backwards to avoid falling. There should be a solid wall behind the examiner, at least 1‐2 meters away to allow for the observation of the number of retropulsive steps. The first pull is an instructional demonstration and is purposely milder and not rated. The second time the shoulders are pulled briskly and forcefully towards the examiner with enough force to displace the center of gravity so that patient MUST take a step backwards. The examiner needs to be ready to catch the patient but must stand sufficiently back so as to allow enough room for the patient to take several steps to recover independently. Do not allow the patient to flex the body abnormally forward in anticipation of the pull. Observe for the number of steps backwards or falling. Up to and including two steps for recovery is considered normal, so abnormal ratings begin with three steps. If the patient fails to understand the test, the examiner can repeat the test so that the rating is based on an assessment that the examiner feels reflects the patient's limitations rather than misunderstanding or lack of preparedness. Observe standing posture. 0: Normal: No problems. Recovers with one or two steps. 1. Slight: 3‐5 steps, but subject recovers unaided. 2. Mild: More than 5 steps, but subject recovers unaided. 3. Moderate: Stands safely, but with absence of postural response; falls if not caught by examiner. 4. Severe: Very unstable, tends to lose balance spontaneously or with just a gentle pull on the shoulders. 9. Rest tremor amplitude Instructions to examiner: This and the next item have been placed purposefully at the end of the examination to allow the rater to gather observations on rest tremor that may appear at any time during the exam, including when quietly sitting, during walking, and during activities when some body parts are moving but others are at rest. Score the maximum amplitude that is seen at any time as the final score. Rate only the amplitude and not the persistence or the intermittency of the tremor. As part of this rating, the patient should sit quietly in a chair with the hands placed on the arms of the chair (not in the lap) and the feet comfortably supported on the floor for 10 seconds with no other directives. Rest tremor is assessed separately for all four limbs and also for the lip/jaw. Rate only the maximum amplitude that is seen at any time as the final rating. Extremity ratings 0: Normal: No tremor. 1. Slight: < 1 cm in maximal amplitude. 2. Mild: ≥ 1 cm but < 3 cm in maximal amplitude. 3. Moderate: ≥ 3 cm but < 10 cm in maximal amplitude. 4. Severe: ≥ 10 cm in maximal amplitude. 10. Constancy of rest tremor Instructions to examiner: This item receives one rating for all rest tremor and focuses on the constancy of rest tremor during the examination period when different body parts are variously at rest. It is rated purposefully at the end of the examination so that several minutes of information can be coalesced into the rating. 0: Normal: No tremor. 1. Slight: Tremor at rest is present ≤ 25% of the entire examination period. 2. Mild: Tremor at rest is present 26‐50% of the entire examination period. 3. Moderate: Tremor at rest is present 51‐75% of the entire examination period. 4. Severe: Tremor at rest is present > 75% of the entire examination period. Total Score: (out of 40) Additional measures include: Compliance, Gait and Balancing before, during, and after treatment with PECKO‐D. Participants will remain on their standard of care PD medications throughout the POC study and possible adverse side effects of the PECKO‐D will be monitored. The following variables will be documented for each of these key measures: i) Compliance: hours of device worn per day hours of device wear compliance per week hours of device worn per treatment period hours of device worn over the course of the study ii) Gait measures: start time of walking period in milliseconds end time of walking period in milliseconds Duration of walking period in seconds Distance walked per walking period in meters Average gait speed per walking period in meters Number of steps per walking period Average stride period per walking period in seconds Freeze index per walking period iii) Balance measures per detected walking period: ‐ X (lateral) axis variability in g ‐ Y (forward) axis variability in g ‐ Z (vertical) axis variability in g ‐ X‐Y (horizontal) variability in g ‐ Freeze Index (ratio) Any abnormality on neurological examination?:‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐ Blood Pressure: Pulse: Weight: Randomization:: A. Active medication: B. Placebo Mobile Phone serial number: __________________ Follow up data: I) First review at 8 weeks: Date scheduled and time: Compliance Any reported side effects?: ____________________________________________________ Any benefits noted subjectively?__________________________________________________ Other comments: ________________________________________________ Assess motor performance using the MDS Scale‐ Record the score_______ II) 4‐week washout period: (No study medications to be administered) Any comments________________________________________________ III) Cross‐over for 8 weeks with change of study medications (Placebo to active and vice versa) Date scheduled and time: Compliance Any side effects? ____________________________________________________ Any benefits noted? __________________________________________________ Other comments: ________________________________________________ Assess motor performance using MDS scale: Record the score_______ Study completed: Yes No (If No, give reasons) _____________________ Date completed: Any comments__________________________________________________________ Name and signature of investigator_____________________________________ Date: ‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐
 Effect of Rosuvastatin (10mg/d) treatment of Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) patients with Metabolic Syndrome (MS) but without diabetes evaluated by 1H-MRS: exploratory study;  INTERVENTION: 2:rosuvastatin (10mg/d) * 52 weeks; CONDITION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease(NAFLD) PRIMARY OUTCOME: intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL); INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Provision of informed consent prior to any study specific procedures; 2. Men and female adults aged 18‐70 years old who agree to use contraceptive methods to prevent pregnancy while enrolled in study; 3. Patients fulfilling the diagnostic criteria of MS of IDF in 2006 [Central obesity is an essential element (increased waist circumference which in Chinese men >=90cm or women>=80cm) plus any two of the following: TG >1.7mmol/L or treatment for elevated TG; HDL<1.03mmol/L in men or <1.29mmol/L in women, or treatment for low HDL; SBP >130mmHg, DBP >85mmHG, or treatment for hypertension; FBG>5.6mmol/L]; 4. The diagnosis of NAFLD screened by abdominal ultrasound and confirmed by 1H‐MRS with IHCL>10%; 5. No diabetes history and FBG<7.0mmol/L plus HbA1C<6.5%; 6. Statins not use within past 3 moths or currently taking fibrates; 7. The patients without history of arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD).
 Digma System Study - Safety, efficacy and performance of the Digma system for the treatment of type 2 diabetes - sham control study;  INTERVENTION: Digma System is a laser based endoscopic device for the ablation of the duodenal submucosa. The device is composed of two (2) components: 1) laser generator unit, 2) a disposable endoscopic catheter (*Digma Catheter*). CONDITION: ; diabetes type 2 10018424 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Primary Safety endpoint ; • Incidence of procedure related SAEs and AEs within 7 days post ; procedure. ; ; Primary Efficacy Endpoint: ; Primary efficacy endpoint at 24 weeks. ; • Change in HbA1c level compared with baseline ; • Change in HbA1c level compared with sham control; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary Safety endpoints ; * Incidence of procedure related SAEs and AEs 4 weeks, 12 weeks ; and 24 weeks post procedure. ; ; Change in glycaemic, metabolic, hepatic and cardiovascular parameters, compared ; with baseline and sham control ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Subjects who are >= 18 years and <= 75 years of age 2. Type 2 diabetes diagnosis with disease duration <=15 years 3. HbA1c at 8.0%‐10.5% 4. Subjects, in the opinion of the investigator, who have been unsuccessfully managed with lifestyle (diet/exercise) counselling and are taking >= two anti‐diabetes medication (orals or injectable GLP‐1), other than insulin, at >= half the maximum recommended dose or at the maximally tolerated dose for at least 3 months 5. Fasting plasma glucose level at >=125 mg/dL 6. BMI 25‐35 kg/m2 7. Negative pregnancy or nursing status and agreement to use of contraceptives during participation for women with childbearing potential 8. Ability to provide written informed consent 9. Willing and able to comply with follow‐up requirements.
 Prevention of Pre-Term Birth by Treatment of Periodontal Disease;  HYPOTHESES Primary Hypothesis: That treatment of periodontal disease during pregnancy reduces the rate of pre‐term birth from 12% to 7%. Secondary Hypothesis: That treatment of periodontal disease during pregnancy reduces the rate of: ‐ Fetal growth restriction. ‐ Complications of pre‐term birth including respiratory distress syndrome. ‐ Periodontal disease measured at 36 weeks gestation. Research Plan Synopsis: A randomized controlled trial is being conducted with recruitment of women from the antenatal clinics of Perth’s major obstetric centres and associated private practices. The sample is being enriched by inviting women with a history of poor oral health or pre‐term birth. 5400 eligible women will undergo a hygienist‐based screening study at 12‐20 weeks gestation. 1094 women who meet the criteria for periodontal disease determined from our recent pilot study will be allocated at random to the treatment or control groups. Those in the treatment group will receive three one‐hour hygienist‐based periodontal treatment sessions commencing at 20 weeks gestation, followed by re‐examination at 26 weeks. Re‐treatment will be offered to the 5% of cases in which treatment has been ineffective, and ongoing maintenance to the remainder. Women allocated to the control group will be offered similar treatment after completion of the pregnancy. RESEARCH PLAN Study Design: Multi‐centered single‐blinded randomized controlled trial conducted within the metropolitan area of Perth, Western Australia. The obstetric and newborn health care providers are blinded to the periodontal treatment allocation. Inclusion Criteria: Women with single pregnancies at 12 to 20 weeks gestation with periodontal disease defined as periodontal pocketing at a threshold of 4mm or more at 10% or more of sites and who agree to receive periodontal treatment are eligible. The definition of periodontal disease is based on the published literature and our pilot study designed to determine the prevalence in our local obstetric population. Periodontal pocketing is used to define the presence of periodontal disease rather than clinical loss of attachment because it better represents the microbial challenge and is the most frequently employed criterion. In our pilot study, 15% of our general unselected population met this criterion. Exclusion Criteria: Women are ineligible if they are: unable to attend for periodontal treatment; less than 16 years of age; present for antenatal care after 20 weeks gestation; are unable to understand the implications of participation in the trial; have a fetus with a known abnormality that would predispose the pregnancy to pre‐term birth such as those that may cause polyhydramnios; have a multiple pregnancy; have cardiac disease that would require antibiotic therapy for dental treatment; are currently receiving periodontal treatment; or have fewer than 20 teeth. Trial Entry: Randomisation: Each woman is allocated to the treatment or control group by the sealed‐envelope technique, prepared in blocks of 20. Recruitment is stratified by history of pre‐term birth, nulliparity and smoking practice. Women who smoke in either arm of the study are provided with written material encouraging them to cease smoking. Management of the Treatment Group: Women allocated to the treatment group are given appointments to attend the Oral Health Centre of Western Australia (OHCWA). Management of the Control Group: Dental Examination: Periodontal Treatment: Treatment Group: Local anaesthesia is employed as required (1% lignocaine with 1:80,000 adrenalin up to a maximum dose of 10mls). Control Group: After completion of their involvement in the study, women in both groups will be offered ongoing maintenance care at OCHWA and this care will be free of charge if they hold a health care card. All women planning to attend the antenatal clinics at King Edward Memorial Hospital (KEMH) in Perth, Western Australia are provided with written information about the trial with their appointment letter. Those attending other public antenatal clinics and a proportion of private practices also receive the information and invitation. Women who do not have exclusion criteria are invited by a research midwife to provide written informed consent to undergo a periodontal examination. After the examination those women who meet the criteria for periodontal disease are invited by a member of the research team to participate in the trial and to provide written informed consent to have treatment. A questionnaire is administered to obtain data on demographic and medical factors that may influence oral health and details of past and present dental care. Women who are found to not have periodontal disease are asked to provide consent for their obstetric outcomes to be retrieved from the state‐wide computerized data collection system that encompasses all births in Western Australia. Women allocated to the control group are provided with the findings of their periodontal examination to take to their dentist and written information on oral health care. Each woman is also invited to receive free dental care at OHCWA commencing 6 weeks after delivery and continuing for 16 weeks, as described below. The simple screening dental examination is a modified WHO CPITN (Gjermo,1998) conducted in a well‐equipped dental room within the antenatal clinic at KEMH. This examination takes approximately 20 minutes and is conducted by a study hygienist under supervision by the study periodontists. If periodontitis is detected the woman is invited to participate in the trial as described previously. All periodontal treatment is conducted in the Oral Health Centre of Western Australia (OHCWA), located 2 km from KEMH. A full periodontal examination is first performed using a constant force automated Florida probe (Florida Probe Corporation, Gainesville, Florida, USA) which provides precise measurements of pocket depth to 0.2mm, and stores data directly into a computer. This measurement system has been used in our pilot study and two separate probes and computer systems are available for this trial. Further periodontal parameters are recorded, including clinical attachment loss, full mouth bleeding after probing, and modified O’Leary Plaque Index. Treatment explanation is then provided by the hygienist and consent confirmed. The treatment plan for each woman is determined in consultation with a study periodontist and is conducted over 3 visits each of one hour duration. These treatments consist of non‐surgical debridement of the sub‐ and supra‐gingival plaque, removal of local predisposing factors such as calculus, and adjustment of overhanging restorations. Comprehensive oral hygiene instruction and motivation is provided at each visit as required. This oral hygiene advice recommends tooth brushing and flossing after every meal and rinsing with 0.12% non‐alcohol based chlorhexidine mouth wash. These treatments are provided on 3 occasions at weekly intervals commencing at 20 weeks gestation. Four weeks after the final treatment, at approximately 28 weeks gestation, a further visit is made to re‐evaluate periodontal status using clinical examination and the Florida probe. This examination provides a quantifiable assessment of the success of treatment. Those women in whom treatment has been unsuccessful are offered a further 3‐visit treatment plan and we estimate this will be required in 5‐10% of the sample. A further two visits, each of 45 minutes duration is scheduled for 32 and 36 weeks gestation, at which times periodontal supportive care and oral hygiene instruction and motivation are carried out as required. Periodontal parameters at these visits are recorded. Full infection control barrier techniques are employed and are stringent. Procedures include gowns, disposable gloves and masks, eye protection for examiner and patient, and barrier methods to avoid contamination. Systemic antibiotic treatment is not employed except in cases in which there is evidence of multiple periodontal abscesses, impaired immune response or poorly controlled diabetes. In such cases treatment involves oral metronidazole and amoxycillin in standard doses for 5 days commencing with the treatment. In the pilot study we observed no cases meeting these criteria. Women allocated to the control group are offered periodontal care after birth commencing 6 weeks after delivery. This care involves the same initial assessment and 3‐visit treatment protocol as for women in the treatment group. A further full periodontal examination is conducted 4 weeks later. Women Who Deliver Pre‐Term: Those women who deliver pre‐term will be offered a further screening examination at OHCWA and treatment as for the control group. Information in this regard will be provided at the time of recruitment. Obstetric Management: The obstetric and midwifery health care providers are unaware of the treatment allocation of each woman in the study. Care is provided according to the standard protocols employed within each hospital. Sample Size: The sample is enriched by advertising in the general media and in our peripheral public hospitals for women with poor oral health or a history of pre‐term birth to attend KEMH for a single visit between 12 and 20 weeks gestation for periodontal examination. A sample size of 540 women in each arm provides power to detect a reduction in the rate of pre‐term birth from 12% to 7% with power of 90% and an alpha level of 5%. Our pilot study of 272 women revealed a rate of periodontal disease of 15% in unselected women. With enrichment by advertising for women at higher risk, we estimate the rate of periodontal disease will be 20%. Thus, for a total study size of 1080 women, 5400 need to be screened, which is rate of 45 each week in a 48 week working year. This sample size estimate allows two interim analyses. Statistical Considerations: A data monitoring committee will be formed and will include an independent statistician who will conduct the interim analysis. The committee will cease the trial if pre‐determined rates of benefit or harm are achieved. Analyses will be conducted on an intention‐to‐treat basis using tests of proportions and logistic regression that allow for multiple adjustment for covariates. Secondary analyses will be conducted of dose‐response of treatment and appropriate comparisons made with women who received periodontal examinations but did not meet eligibility criteria. All hypothesis testing will be two sided and significance will be at the 5% level.
 The Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors Trial (CAC-Women Trial);  INTERVENTION: Following consent and enrolment. women will attend for the baseline assessment and be sent for fasting pathology. Cardiovascular risk using current Australian risk calculator ((http://www.cvdcheck.org.au) will be calculated. Computed tomography (CT) Coronary artery calcium (CAC) will be performed. Once all results are obtained. participants are randomised to either intervention or control group. In the intervention arm. women undergo a risk factor counselling session. This is performed by the study nurse/coordinator (and/or Aboriginal healthcare worker, where appropriate) with a private, one‐on‐one, Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) risk factor counselling session. The study nurse/coordinator will be trained in the need for consistency in counselling and provided with a risk factor management package (printed and electronic information) containing standardised recommendations consistent with current guidelines, on how to improve CVD risk profiles. The risk factor counselling session (approximately 45min‐1 hour) will be aided by the use of the CT­ CAC result. The CT‐CAC report will be discussed, including the calcium score, age and sex‐matched percentiles, and visual images of the participant s coronary arteries will be shown. Patients will receive a follow up telephone call by the study nurse at 1 and 3 months (15‐20 minutes), to monitor risk factor modification. Patients will be encouraged to follow up with their general practitioner (GP) to discuss their risk factors with a letter provided to the participant to take to their GP. The counselling session would be delivered over 30‐45 minutes depending on the number of cardiovascular risk factors needing to be addressed. All patients will have diet and exercise discussed, while those who are smokers, diabetic etc will CONDITION: Cardiovascular ‐ Coronary heart disease cardiovascular disease; ; cardiovascular disease Public Health ‐ Epidemiology Public Health ‐ Health promotion/education PRIMARY OUTCOME: ; Change in women's health behavior based on their women's CVD risk awareness will be assessed by the use of exercise and diet questionnaires, one‐to‐one counselling and quality of life questionnaire.; [This combined outcome will be measured at baseline and end of study at 6 months. Dietary intake, exercise level are measured via self‐reported outcomes at baseline and 6months via a survey.] Change in women's awareness of their increase risk of CVD as a result of their specific obstetric complications Method of assessment will be the traditional CVD risk calculator (http://www.cvdcheck.org.au) and CT‐guided CAC score. [Outcome will be measured at baseline and 6 months. ] To determine the incidence of premature coronary artery disease as assessed by CT‐CAC in low­ intermediate risk women with risk‐enhancing factors.[CT‐calcium score will be performed at baseline for all participants.] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in health behaviours through knowledge and education. Counselling will be based on results obtained from CT‐CAC score and CVD risk calculator to aid change in health outcomes. Other methods that will be used are data linkage to medical records, exercise and diet questionnaires, Quality of life questionnaire and 1:1 health counselling ( intervention group only) and early detection by CT‐calcium score INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women able to give their informed consent will be eligible for inclusion if they are: Criteria 1: Aged 40‐65 years (35‐65 years if Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander) Criteria 2: Low or intermediate risk for CVD based on traditional risk score (Australian absolute cardiovascular risk score between 3‐15% inclusive) Criteria 3: At least 1 risk‐enhancing factor(s) (‘novel’ CVD risk factor) of: a. Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy: gestational hypertension or pre‐eclampsia and/or ; [Dietary intake, exercise level are measured via self‐reported outcomes at baseline and 6months via a survey. Blood test will be performed to measure lipids and diabetic markers at baseline and 6months. CT‐CAC score will be performed at baseline. CT‐guided counselling is provided at baseline.(intervention group only). Dietary intake, excercise level are measure via self reported outcomes at baseline and 6months via a survey.] Collate data Long term events that composite hospitalisations, major cardiovascular events and death in women who have at least one female specific risk enhancing factors.[Data linkage will be performed for all patients enrolled at 5 and 10 years to study long term events.] To determine the feasibility of a CAC‐guided primary prevention approach in Aboriginal and Torres Strait islander women (whose risk is likely under‐estimated by traditional scoring tools). [CT‐CAC score will be performed at baseline. CT‐guided semi‐structured one‐ to‐one counselling session is provided at baseline.(intervention group only). Telephone follow up at 1 and 3 months will be performed and audit of study records for attendance.] b. Gestational diabetes and/or c. Premature menopause (surgical/natural of age 44 years and less) and/or d. Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander background
 Impact of aromatherapy on levels of anxiety, pain and maternal-fetal physiological parameters in pregnant women: aromaGest study;  INTERVENTION: Randomized clinical trial with 182 full‐term pregnant women divided into two groups during their cardio‐fetal follow‐up in the hospital: aromatherapy intervention group (n = 91) and control group (n = 91). The intervention group will receive aromatherapy with dispensers containing 100% pure lavender oil essence (4 drops in 300 ml of distilled water). The second midwife, blinded to the intervention, will perform a 20‐minute fetal cardiac monitoring and will attend to the pregnant women during the dilation period prior to delivery. Aromatherapy will be used on two occasions: (1) during cardio‐fetal follow‐up and (2) coinciding with the start of the labor dilatation period. The 20‐minute fetal cardiac monitoring will begin at the same time as aromatherapy. The midwife who will apply environmental aromatherapy to pregnant women at term will be responsible for monitoring adherence to the intervention. The duration of the aromatherapy session will be 20 minutes. CONDITION: Alternative and Complementary Medicine ‐ Other alternative and complementary medicine Antenatal anxiety;Antenatal pain; ; Antenatal anxiety ; Antenatal pain Mental Health ‐ Anxiety Reproductive Health and Childbirth ‐ Antenatal care PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in pregnant women's anxiety levels during cardiac‐fetal monitoring and the start of the labor dilatation period, measured by State‐Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) test, before starting it and after finish it, on interventional group and control group.[Cardiac‐fetal monitoring session: immediately before and after aromatherapy is administered; Labor dilatation period: immediately before and after aromatherapy is administered] Pain: The Visual Analog Scale (VAS)[Pain: immediately before and after aromatherapy is administered] INCLUSION CRITERIA: (1) pregnant women of legal age (2) nulliparous (3) term pregnancy (4) without comorbidities (gestational diabetes, eclampsia, preeclampsia, COPD) (5) low‐risk singleton pregnancy (6) cephalic presentation (7) vaginal delivery. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in the beginning of labor in pregnant women who have undergone aromatherapy during their last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check and during the delivery process. It will be checked by reviewing their medical history.[Assessed just once, 2 months after last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check.] Change in the duration of dilation time in pregnant women who have undergone aromatherapy during their last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check and during the delivery process. It will be checked by reviewing their medical history.[Assessed just once, 2 months after last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check.] Change in the episiotomy/tear rate in pregnant women who have undergone aroma therapy during their last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check and during the delivery process. It will be checked by reviewing their medical history.[Assessed just once, 2 months after last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check.] Change in the presentation of the baby in pregnant women who have undergone aromatherapy during their last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check and during the delivery process. It will be checked by reviewing their medical history.[Assessed just once, 2 months after last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check.] Change in the termination of labor in pregnant women who have undergone aromatherapy during their last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check and during the delivery process. It will be checked by reviewing their medical history.[Assessed just once, 2 months after last routine cardiac‐fetal monitoring check.] Change on basal fetal heart rate (BFHR), assessed using the cardiac fetal monitoring, during the interventions (aromatherapy).[Assessed 5 minutes after starting the test, to assess the fetal heart rate (FHR) and 5 minutes before finishing the cardiac‐fetal monitoring, to evaluate the basal fetal heart rate (BFHR) during the test.] Change on term pregnant women's blood pressure levels (measured using a sphygmomanometer) before and after interventions (aroma therapy) during the cardiac‐fetal monitoring (CFM): Systolic blood pressure (SBP) and Diastolic blood pressure (DBP).[Assessed 5 minutes after starting the test and 5 minutes after finishing the cardiac‐fetal monitoring.] Change on term pregnant women's heart rate (HR), assessed using a pulse oximeter, before and after interventions (aroma therapy) during the cardiac‐fetal monitoring (CFM).[Assessed 5 minutes after starting the test and 5 minutes after finishing the cardiac‐fetal monitoring.]
 The impact of the herbal compound of Turmeric- Black pepper and ginger extract on Sudden sensorineural hearing loss in diabetic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The first group included patients will be eligible for injection 0.3‐0.5 ml dexamethasone twice a week over six times in the middle ear with consume placebo capsules two a day for two months. Intervention 2: The second group included patients will be eligible for injection 0.3‐0.5 ml dexamethasone twice a week over six times in the middle ear with consume Mixodin capsules( 300 mg of curcumin 3.25 mg Piperine and 7.5 mg of gingerol) one a day and consume placebo capsules one a day for two months. Intervention 3: The third group included patients will be eligible for injection 0.3‐0.5 ml dexamethasone twice a week over six times in the middle ear with consume Mixodin capsules( 300 mg of curcumin , 3.25 mg Piperine and 7.5 mg of gingerol) two a day for two months. The first group included patients will be eligible for injection 0.3‐0.5 ml dexamethasone twice a week over six times in the middle ear with consume placebo capsules two a day for two months The second group included patients will be eligible for injection 0.3‐0.5 ml dexamethasone twice a week over six times in the middle ear with consume Mixodin capsules( 300 mg of curcumin 3.25 mg Piperine and 7.5 mg of gingerol) one a day and consume placebo capsules one a day for two months The third group included patients will be eligible for injection 0.3‐0.5 ml dexamethasone twice a week over six times in the middle ear with consume Mixodin capsules( 300 mg of curcumin , 3.25 mg Piperine and 7.5 mg of gingerol) two a day for two months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Sudden idiopathic hearing loss Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss. ; Sudden idiopathic hearing loss PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in hearing threshold. Timepoint: Before the intervention, sixth week, third week, eighth week after the intervention. Method of measurement: examination, interview, audiometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dizziness. Timepoint: Before the intervention, the third week, sixth and eighth. Method of measurement: Examination and interview. Tinnitus. Timepoint: before intervention, The third week, sixth and eighth. Method of measurement: Examination and interview. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Type 2 diabetic patients with Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss in the age group of 20‐65 y. Exclusion criteria: Presence of any cardiovascular disease; gastrointestinal disease; Hypoglycemia; History of anticoagulant therapy; Pregnancy; and Lactation
 The Effect of Painting-Based Art Intervention on Maternal Anxiety and Fetal Parameters;  Hypotheses:H1: Painting‐Based Art Intervention positively affects NST results. H2: Painting‐BasedArt Intervention reduces the level of maternal anxiety.Study protocol, methods and procedures to be applied:Type of Research:The research was planned as a randomized controlled clinical trial.Place and Time of Research:The research will be conducted at the NST polyclinic of Malatya Training and ResearchHospital between January 2024 and May 2024.Population and Sample of the Research The population of the research will consist ofpregnant women who have applied to the NST polyclinic, have had at least one live birth,have had NST before, do not have any psychiatric or risky pregnancy diagnoses, do nothave communication problems, and are older than the 32nd week of pregnancy.There are 6 NST devices in the NST polyclinic where the research will be conducted. Theassignment of pregnant women to the experimental and control groups will be madeaccording to the device on which the NST procedure will be performed. It was decided bylottery method to perform the procedures on pregnant women in the experimental or controlgroup with the devices numbered 1‐6. In the draw held before the start of the research,it was determined that the pregnant women who would be included in the Painting‐Based ArtIntervention group with devices numbered 1, 4, 6, and the pregnant women who would beincluded in the control group with devices numbered 2, 3, 5 would undergo NST procedure.In order to prevent contamination between the experimental and control groups in theresearch, pregnant women who first form the control and then the experimental groups willbe included in the study.Criteria for inclusion in the study:Not having any risk factors during pregnancy (preeclampsia, eclampsia, intrauterinegrowth retardation, PROM, gestational diabetes and hypertension, placenta previa, twinpregnancy, etc.).Lack of uterine contraction, No cardiovascular disease diagnosed in the fetus, Pregnantwomen must be between the ages of 18‐35 Conditions to be met before and during the NSTprocedure; Not having smoked or consumed alcohol at least two hours before the NSTprocedure, Having urinated before the NST procedure, Giving the pregnant woman the leftside lateral position, Blood pressure values measured just before the NST procedureshould be within the normal range,Exclusion criteria for the study:Any complications in the pregnancy, Any complications in the fetus, Refusal to accept thefinal test to be performed. Data Collection Process Data Collection Tools Data will becollected using the Introductory Information Form, State Anxiety Scale and Record Formfor NST Findings, developed by the researchers using the literature.Participant Introduction Form The Participant Introduction Form consists of questionsthat determine socio‐demographic and obstetric characteristics, knowledge about NSTfindings, and drawing‐based intervention.NST Findings Record Form NST Findings Registration Form is a form used by researchers toevaluate NST results of pregnant women. This form contains data recording the findings ofNST of pregnant women.Evaluation of NST Findings Record Form; All pregnant women who agree to participate inthe study will undergo NST with the NST device in the hospital. NST results of pregnantwomen will be evaluated by researchers.As reactive NST; In the presence of at least two accelerations that last for at least 15seconds and are 15 beats/minute more than the baseline beat within the 20‐minute periodduring which the electronic fetal heart rate traces are printed, the result of the testwill be considered as reactive NST.As nonreactive NST; The absence of at least two accelerations that last for at least 15seconds and are 15 beats/minute more than the baseline beat within the 20‐minute periodduring which the electronic fetal heart rate traces are printed, in the presence ofsevere variable decelerations and late decelerations, or continuous fetal tachycardia of160 beats/minute and above when the initial traces are normal. If it develops, the resultwill be evaluated as nonreactive NST.State Anxiety Scale The state‐trait anxiety scale, developed by Spielberg and hiscolleagues in 1964 to measure the anxiety levels of normal and abnormal individuals, wasadapted into Turkish by ├ûner and Le Compte. The state anxiety part of the scale, whichconsists of two parts, will be used. There are 20 statements in both scales, and theanswer options include four options, each ranging from 1 to 4.The scales contain both direct (straight) expressions and reversed expressions. Whiledirect expressions express negative emotions, tInverted expressions reflect positiveemotions. In the State Anxiety Scale, these reversed statements are items 1, 2, 5, 8, 10,11, 15, 16, 19, and 20. The statements in the scale are answered by selecting the options(1) not at all, (2) a little, (3) a lot and (4) completely in order to evaluate theemotions or behaviors according to the severity of the experiences. The total scoreobtained varies between 20 and 80, a high score indicates a high level of anxiety.
 Effects of imatinib on cerebral vasospasm and prognosis of patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage;  INTERVENTION: 1. Imatinib (400mg/d) (Glivec®) treatment within 72h after SAH and lasted for 7 days 2. Placebo control treatment and lasted for 7 days At 3 and 6 month, the patients were followed up CONDITION: Aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage ; Circulatory System ; Subarachnoid haemorrhage PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Mortality during hospital; 2. Cerebral vasospasm evaluted by Doppler on day 7 after SAH; 3. Brain oedema evaluted by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) on day 7 after SAH SECONDARY OUTCOME: 1. Dead; 2. Vegetative state: Unable to interact with environment; unresponsive; 3. Severe disability : Able to follow commands / unable to live independently ; 4. Moderate disability: Able to live independently; unable to return to work or school; 5. Good recovery: Able to return to work or school ; 6. Glasgow outcome score at 6 month follow up INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Written informed consent signed by parents and/or legal guardian 2. Male or female, aged 18 ‐ 80 years 3. Aneurysm treated by surgical clipping 4. Aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage within 72 hours 5. Absence of major systemic illnesses (e.g. cancer, diabetes, renal failure or heart failure) as assessed by the medical doctor, upon initial clinical assessment 6. No known or reported history of chronical illness as cancer, diabetes, chronic heart, liver or renal disease 7. No pregnancy
 An Open Label Study Comparing Exenatide with Basal Insulin in Achieving an HbA1c of <_7.4% with Minimum Weight Gain, in Type 2 Diabetes Patients who are not Achieving Adequate HbA1c Control on Oral Anti Diabetic Therapies Alone;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Exenatide Product Code: AC2993, LY2148568 Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Exenatide CAS Number: 141732‐76‐5 Current Sponsor code: AC2993 (LY2148568) Other descriptive name: exendin‐4, exenatide Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.25‐ Product Name: Insulin Glargine Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: Insulin Glargine Concentration unit: IU/ml international unit(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ CONDITION: Type 2 Diabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of this study is to determine whether exenatide given subcutaneously twice daily provides better HbA1c control, with minimal weight gain, than basal insulin given subcutaneously once daily for six months in patients with type 2 diabetes not adequately controlled using a combination of oral anti‐diabetic therapy and are a higher risk population (see section 4.1.1) as measured by the proportion of patients who have achieved HbA1c = 7.4% with minimal weight gain (= 1kg). Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint will be the proportion of patients achieving HbA1c = 7.4% with minimal weight gain (= 1kg). Secondary Objective: The secondary objectives of the study are to compare exenatide and insulin glargine with respect to:; •Proportion of patients who have achieved HbA1c = 7.4% and = 0.5kg weight gain; •Fasting serum glucose (FSG); •The proportion of patients achieving:; oHbA1c = 7.4% ; oHbA1c < 7% ; oHbA1c < 6.5% ; •7 point self monitoring blood glucose (SMBG) profile; •Changes in cardiovascular risk parameters:; oBMI (body mass index), waist circumference, waist/hip ratio. Weight change in kg and % plus the proportion of patients achieving 5% and 10% weight change.; oSystolic and diastolic BP (blood pressure).; oLipid profile.; •Hypoglycaemia rate per patient (adjusted for 30 days), incidence and severity; •Noctural hypoglycaemia; •Safety and Tolerability; •Patient reported Quality of Life; •Healthcare Resource Utilisation; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients are eligible to be included in the study only if they meet all of the following criteria: [1] Present with type 2 diabetes based on the disease diagnostic criteria, and are currently being treated with the following: Dual or triple oral therapy – on a stable combination and dose for at least 3 months. Patients will continue on their oral therapy. [2] HbA1c between 7.5% and 9.5%. [3] Present with any one of the cardiovascular risk factors as defined in Section 4.1.1. Disease Diagnostic Criteria. [4] BMI >27. [5] Are at least 30 years of age and less than 75 years of age. [6] Negative pregnancy test for women of childbearing potential (see exclusion criteria). Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors and Angiotensin Receptor Blockers in Chronic Renal Disease: safety Issues;  Reducing the actions of the renin‐angiotensin‐aldosterone system with angiotensin‐converting enzyme inhibitors (ACE inhibitors) and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) slows nephropathy progression in patients with or without diabetes. These drug classes have proven therapeutic benefits, particularly in patients with renal insufficiency (ie, serum creatinine level 133‐265 micromol/L [1.5‐3.0 mg/dL]). This class of drugs could also provide renoprotective effects that are nonblood pressure‐dependent when used as part of combination antihypertensive therapy in patients with more advanced renal disease. Although many studies demonstrate the use of ACE inhibitors and ARBs to delay the decline in renal function and reduce proteinuria, many physicians fail to use these drug classes in patients with renal insufficiency for fear that either serum creatinine or potassium levels will rise. Thus, because of these issues, patients are deprived of known strategies that delay progression of renal disease. A strong association exists between acute increases in serum creatinine of up to 30% to 35% after initiating ACE inhibitor therapy and long‐term preservation of renal function. This association is predominantly present in people with a baseline serum creatinine of up to 3 mg/dL and usually stablizes within 2 to 3 months of therapy given blood pressure is reduced to goal. Moreover, the appropriate use of diuretics mitigates against profound increases in serum potassium. Thus, withdrawal of an ACE inhibitor in such patients should occur only when the rise in creatinine exceeds this threshold over a shorter period of time or hyperkalemia develops, ie, serum potassium level of 5.6 mmol/L or greater.
 Cerebral hemodynamics in patients with a history of preeclampsia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Transtermporal dopplersonographic examination of A. cerebri media and A. cerebri posterior to evaluate the cerebral hemodynamics (dynamic cerebral autoregulation and visual coupling) of women with a history of preeclampsia. Dopplersonographic findings will be correlated with clinical data, which will bei inquired using a questionnaire. Intervention 2: Transtermporal dopplersonographic examination of A. cerebri media and A. cerebri posterior to evaluate the cerebral hemodynamics (dynamic cerebral autoregulation and visual coupling) of women after a pregnancy without preeclampsia. Dopplersonographic findings will be correlated with clinical data, which will bei inquired using a questionnaire. CONDITION: O14.9 ‐ Pre‐eclampsia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Using a one‐time dopplersonographic ultrasound examination, parameters of dynamic cerebral autoregulation (phase and gain) will be evaluated. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Using a questionnaire history of cerebrovascular risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, increased BMI) and possible ischemic cerebrovascular events will be inquired.; During the one‐time dopplersonographic examination parameters of visual coupling (resting flow velocity, overshoot flow velocity, steady‐state flow velocity) will be evaluated. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Women after at least one birth with or without preeclampsia, respectively. 2. Time interval to the last birth > 1 year and < 15 years. 3. Age 18 to 55 years. 4. Written informed consent to the study.
 Effects of SGLT-2 inhibitor on heart function and metabolism in patients with Type 2 diabetes and high risk of heart disease cardiovascular: the SIMPle Randomized Clinical Trial;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Jardiance Pharmaceutical Form: Coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Empagliflozin CAS Number: 864070‐44‐0 Other descriptive name: EMPAGLIFLOZIN Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular risk PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To examine the mechanism behind the cardioprotective effects of the SGLT‐2 inhibitor empagliflozine in a population of type 2 diabetics at high cardiovascular risk. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint is change in myocardial flow reserve by Rb‐82 PET. Secondary Objective: Not applicable Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: From baseline to 13 weeks.; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Change in global left ventricular function assessed by echocardiography from baseline to; 13 weeks. ; Change in renal function assessed by Cr‐51 EDTA from baseline to 13 weeks ; Change in plasma concentration of NT‐proBNP from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in urinary albumin/creatinine ratio from baseline to 13 weeks ; Change in HRV assessed by VAGUS from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in daily activity, assessed by accelerometry from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in health status by the questionnaires EQ‐5D‐5L and MLHFQ from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in 24 hour BP from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in pulse wave velocity and pulse wave analysis from baseline to 13 weeks ; Change in central and peripheral insulin resistance from baseline to 13 weeks ; Change in adipocyte differentiation, mRNA expression, macrophage infiltration and extracellular matrix fibrosis in fat tissue from baseline to 13 weeks. ; Change in biomarkers of myocardial function: NT‐proBNP, MR‐proANP, MR‐proADM, GAL‐3, hsTNT, GDF‐15, PIGF and sFlt‐1 from baseline to 13 weeks ; Change in biomarkers of adipocyte function: FFA, ADPN, leptin, TNF‐a, IL‐6, MCP‐1, MAC‐1, COLL‐A1 and FGF‐21 from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in the blood ketone 3‐beta‐hydroxybutyrate from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in the levels of AGEs CML, pentosidine and sRAGE from baseline to 13 weeks; Change in body composition assessed by DEXA‐scan from baseline to 13 weeks Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: From baseline to 13 weeks. INCLUSION CRITERIA: • T2 DM (WHO criteria), diagnosed at least 3 months prior to visit 0 • Patients with diabetes must be either untreated or treated with one or more oral anti‐diabetic drugs, including incretin therapy, GLP‐1 analogues or treated with human NPH‐insulin or long‐acting insulin analogue, alone or in combination with oral drugs • For patients on background therapy: stable dose of anti‐diabetics within 30 days prior to baseline • HbA1c of = 48 mmol/L and = 86 mmol/L at screening for patients on background therapy or HbA1c of = 48 mmol/L and = 75 mmol/L at screening for drug‐naïve patients. • BMI = 45 kg/m2 at screening • Age =18 years • Negative pregnancy test (fertile women). Fertile women must use safe contraceptives (spiral, hormonal contraceptives) for the duration of the study • Able to understand the written patient information and to give informed consent Patients must have high cardiovascula
 Clinical trial program "nurse companionship" on health outcomes of mothers undergoing cesarean section;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Control group: This routine care includes: accepted the mother in the unit, preparing file, check out routine tests of cesarean section, wear of surgery gun, notice and transfer to the operating room, transfer the mother to the waiting room and then operating table, induction of spinal anesthesia, surgery begins, transfer the mother to recovery after surgery, the recovery and after the return of legs anesthesia transfer the mother to the unit. It should be noted that all the above tasks done by staff the center and without the presence of a researcher. Intervention 1: Control group: This routine care includes: accepted the mother in the unit, preparing file, check out routine tests of cesarean section, wear of surgery gun, notice and transfer to the operating room, transfer the mother to the waiting room and then operating table, induction of spinal anesthesia, surgery begins, transfer the mother to recovery after surgery, the recovery and after the return of legs anesthesia transfer the mother to the unit. It should be noted that all the above tasks done by staff the center and without the presence of a researcher. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Mother candidate for cesarean in addition to receive routine care, will get nurse support and companionship 1 hour before the surgery starts until the 1 hour after the surgery. The nurse will start process of supporting by introducing herself to the mothers and elaborating on the study aims, taking mothers’ hand in her hand, having eye contact, educating them what they need, answering their question and diverting their attention. It will be also explained to the mothers that the nurse will be with them during the surgery and will answer all their questions if possible. Intervention group: Mother candidate for cesarean in addition to receive routine care, will get nurse support and companionship 1 hour before the surgery starts until the 1 hour after the surgery. The nurse will start process of supporting by introducing herself to the mothers and elaborating on the study aims, taking mothers’ hand in her hand, having eye contact, educating them what they need, answering their question and diverting their attention. It will be also explained to the mothers that the nurse will be with them during the surgery and will answer all their questions if possible. CONDITION: Counselling, unspecified Health outcomes of mothers candidate for cesarean section. ; Counselling, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: 1 hour before and 1 hour after the surgery. Method of measurement: Spielberger anxiety questionnaire. Pain. Timepoint: 1 Hour before surgery, when the mother is placed on surgery bed and 1 hour after surgery. Method of measurement: Visual analogue scale (VAS). Vital sign. Timepoint: 1 Hour before surgery, when the mother is placed on surgery bed and 1 hour after surgery. Method of measurement: Digital blood pressure monitor ALPK. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Satisfaction. Timepoint: 1 Hour after surgery. Method of measurement: Tabbi patient’s satisfaction questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Candidate for cesarean, Mothers with Non‐emergency cases? No nulliparous mothers? Mothers consciousness enough to cooperate? Effective communication between mothers and nurses? No maternal history of allergy to spinal anesthesia? No high risk situation for the baby? Single and term pregnancy. Exclusion Criteria: Unsuccessful spinal anesthesia, Receive general anesthesia? Need another surgery (Hysterectomy)? History of taking Anti‐anxiety drugs? Suffering from any mental problems? History of Kidney disease, Cardiovascular disease, Hearing problem and etc.? History of Gestational diabetes, Preeclampsia, Polyhydramnios and etc? History of HIV And Hepatitis? Any thing out of the surgerys routines occur in surgery? Want to exit the study.
 The Effect of Cognitive Behavioral Program based on an Interactive Application on Serum Glucose Level and HbA1C of Family member of Patients with Type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: The intervention group receives a training package based on cognitive‐behavioral program (CBP) in the form of an interactive training application in the CBP method in 8 sessions of 45 minutes in 8 weeks.The content of the sessions is designed in the form of an application and the person is obliged to view the application and exercises are sent to the person in order to strengthen the behavior.At the end of each week, the participant must send the exercises to the researcher via social media and receive feedback.During the week, the researcher also sends messages through social networks about the use of the application to the members of the intervention group and guides them if they need help.These messages will continue to be sent every week until the end of the 12th month.To prevent contamination of the control group samples, each application is given a password so that it can be installed on the phone only once.Also, after installing the application, another password will be given to the person to enter the application and the duration of its use will be recorded on the person's phone. Each training session also has a password that after the end of each session at the end of the week, the password is sent to the person to access the next week's program.Then 6 and 12 months after the intervention in terms of abdominal obesity, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL‐c, LDL‐c, smoking, HbA1 C, fasting plasma glucose, OGTT and blood pressure will be reviewed by laboratory.They will also complete the International Physical Activity Questionnaire, Adolescence Food Habit Checklist, Glover – Nilsson Smoking Behavioral Questionnaire (GN‐SBQ). Intervention 2: Control group: In the control group, participants may receive information from th CONDITION: Blood Glucose and HbA1c. ; Elevated blood glucose level PRIMARY OUTCOME: Alteration in HbA1C level in during one‐year follow‐up. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed.(High‐performance liquid chromatography). Fasting plasma glucose in during one‐year follow‐up. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed.(With the autoanalyzer approach and with Pars test kits). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Ages 30 to 60 years BMI<35 No history of diabetes or cardiovascular disease No pregnancy or breastfeeding Ability to do physical activity (walking) Ability to speak Persian Do not suffer from severe mental illness Do not have cognitive disorders such as dementia and Alzheimer's Do not take anti‐diabetic and anti‐obesity drugs Willingness to participate in the study Waist circumference equal to or greater than 102 cm for men and 88 cm for women Blood sugar equal to or greater than 100 mg / dL Systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 130 and diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 85 mm Hg Have three of the 5 American Heart Association criteria for Metabolic Syndrome, SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in body mass index. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed(Body mass index will be obtained by dividing weight (kg) by height squared (square meters)). Change in waist circumference. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed(Waist circumference is measured according to the standard protocol (NHENSE). ). Changes in blood pressure levels. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed(Blood pressure is measured according to the JNC8 protocol, blood pressure is measured twice at an interval of 30 minutes and the average of these two pressures is recorded as a person's blood pressure. ). Changing eating habits. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Completing the questionnaire the Adolescent Food Habit checklist. High Density Lipoprotein level. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed (With the autoanalyzer approach and with Pars test kits). Low Density Lipoprotein level. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed(With the autoanalyzer approach and with Pars test kits). Physical activity. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Completing the questionnaire INTERNATIONAL PHYSICAL ACTIVITY QUESTIONNAIRE(IPAQ). Quit Smoking. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed. Total cholesterol level,. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed(With the autoanalyzer approach and with Pars test kits). Triglyceride level. Timepoint: At onset and 6 and 12 months after onset. Method of measurement: Go to the lab, that they are informed(With the autoanalyzer approach and with Pars test kits).
 The efficacy of Rheum ribes L stalk extract on lipid profile in hypercholesterolemic type II diabetic patients. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Placebo capsule 400 mg 3 times a day treatment orally for one month. Intervention 2: Rheum Ribes 400 mg capsule 3 times a day treatments orally for one month. Placebo capsule 400 mg 3 times a day treatment orally for one month Rheum Ribes 400 mg capsule 3 times a day treatments orally for one month Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism and other lipidaemias Hypercholesterolemia. ; Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism and other lipidaemias PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting serum glucose concentration determined in blood sample by glucose oxidase method. LDL cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting serum LDL cholesterol concentration determined in blood sample by calculating HDL and total cholesterol level. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Creatinine. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting blood Creatinine level in blood sample by JAPH enzymatic method. HDL. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting blood HDL level in blood sample by CDC designated comparison method. SGOT. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting blood SGOT level in blood sample by DGKG enzymatic method. SGPT. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting blood SGPT level by DGKG enzymatic method. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting serum total cholesterol level in blood sample by enzymatic oxidase method. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Baseline and after one month. Method of measurement: The fasting blood Triglyceride level in blood sample by enzymatic oxidase method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age between 40 to 60 years, serum cholesterol above 100 mg/dl, confirmed type II diabetes at least for two years with fasting blood glucose above 150‐250 mg/dl taking Metformin or Glibenclamid, HbA1c 7.5‐10%, not taking any antihypercholesterolmic drug during past month, signing the written informed consent. Exclusion criteria: Insulin therapy, infectious diseases, severe kidney, liver, heart and pulmonary diseases, hypersensitivity to any drug, foot ulcer or gangrene, major depressive disorder, previous myocardial infarction, active cancer or previous cancer during past 5 years, history of alcohol consumption or cigarette smoking, pregnancy, breast feeding.
 Use of Customized GROW Charts for Detection of SGA in Low Risk Woman;  The most sensitive quality index of women and child health is perinatal mortality rate. The annual toll of losses includes about 3 million stillbirths and 3.8 million neonatal deaths: half die on the first day of life.1,2 The top ten countries with highest neonatal death rate are India, Nigeria, Pakistan, China, DR Congo, Ethopia, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Afghanistan and Sudan. These countries encompass 67% and 63% of the global total with 1.5 million neonatal deaths and 1.77 million stillbirths.3 Pakistan is the country with the highest stillbirth rate of 43.1 stillbirths per 1000 total births when compared to a global estimate of 18.4 in 2015.4 The most common condition associated with stillbirth is SGA, conventionally defined as a fetus with birth weight below 10th centile of its gestational age.5,6 SGA accounts for 30% of total stillbirths, perinatal mortality being highest if remain undetected before birth or when the birth weight is below the 3rd centile.7,8 One of the key strategy to prevent stillbirth is prediction and recognition of growth restricted fetuses. Experts have reached to consensus to use 32 weeks as a cutoff to define early and late onset growth restriction.9 Early onset growth restricted fetuses have highl association with pre‐eclampsia and angiogenic disbalance and can be predicted in about 90% of cases by incorporating maternal risk factors, uterine artery dopplers and angiogenic factors. Whereas late onset FGR, using SGA as a proxy, remains unpredicted even after combining maternal characteristics, risk factors, blood pressure records, second trimester biometry and uterine artery dopplers (43.3% DR for 10% false positive rate).10 Late onset SGA with high prevalence around 10% are associated with non‐evident placental disease, resulting in clinical challenge in its detection and diagnosis. Late onset SGA if remains undetected are at increased risk of perinatal mortality (25‐48% of non‐anomalous stillbirths)5 and morbidity including fetal distress, acidosis and admissions in neonatal intensive unit.11,12 Adverse long‐term health outcomes including type 2 diabetes, obesity and coronary heart disease are also associated with late onset SGA.13,14,15 Unfortunately, the burden of small for gestational age births is concentrated in South Asia, with prevalence of about 41.5%.16 To date, the research done in Pakistan on small for gestational age fetus is sparse. The limited data quotes the incidence of small for gestational age babies between 3‐10% and accounts for 18% of stillbirths.17,18 One of the key objectives of antenatal care aiming at improving neonatal outcomes includes recognition of risk factors, detection of growth restricted babies, longitudinal surveillance and deciding the best time to deliver them. Six national guidelines on SGA by authorized bodies of United Kingdom (RCOG)7, United States of America (ACOG)19, Ireland (Health service Executive)20, Canada (Society of Obstetrician and gynecologist of Canada)21, New Zealand (New Zealand Maternal Fetal medicine Network)22 and France (French College of Obstetrician and Gynecologist)23 have a general consensus on first trimester booking screening for risk factors of SGA and classifying woman into either high risk or low risk group. Risk factors for SGA, requiring increased surveillance include maternal age > 40 years, cocaine abuse, maternal or paternal SGA, previous history of SGA or still birth, chronic hypertension, diabetes with vascular disease, renal impairment, PAPPA < 0.4 mom, echogenic bowel and heaving bleeding similar to menses.24 All bodies except US recommends use of Aspirin from 16 weeks onward in all woman categorized as High risk. There is unanimous agreement on surveillance with serial growth scans and umbilical artery dopplers. However, 4 national bodies (RCOG, Health service Executive of Ireland, French College of Obstetrician and Gynecologist & New Zealand Maternal Fetal medicine Network) recommends use of plotting EFW on customized charts whereas, ACOG & SOGC does not specify EFW charts.24 For low risk woman the antenatal screening practice comprises of fundal height measurements. All international guidelines recommend a tape measure for fundal height measurement. Three guidelines (RCOG, Health service Executive of Ireland and New Zealand Maternal Fetal medicine Network)7,20,22 advocates serial plotting of fundal height measurements on customized charts whereas, two guidelines (ACOG & SOGC)19,21 recommends use of McDonalds rule and suspects suboptimal growth when the fundal height measurement is > 3cm less than the gestational age in weeks. A single RCT did not show any significant difference between palpation and fundal height measurements in detection of SGA.25 A meta‐analysis published in 2013 concluded symphysiofundal height unsuitable as a primary screening method for detection of SGA and LBW, with 60% DR for SGA for a false positive rate of 15%. The meta analysis comprised of 46 mostly hospital‐based studies, which may be a source of bias in concluding results. For prediction of LBW there was no statistical difference between the pooled sensitivity and specificity (p=0.15 and 0.96, respectively) of cohort verses case control studies and between prospective and retrospective studies for prediction of SGA. Whereas, for prediction of SGA there was also no statistical difference between the pooled sensitivity and specificity (p=0.26 and 0.65, respectively) of cohort verses case control studies and on the contrary the prospective studies decreased the pooled sensitivity (0.85 verses 0.89; p=0.00) in comparison to retrospective studies.26 A prospective cohort study concluded that by Incorporating a third trimester scan to fundal height measurements in low risk woman the detection rate for SGA can increase to 57%, whereas selective use detected only 20% of SGA.27 On the contrary, all national guidelines do not recommend routine third trimester scan for detection of SGA.7,19,20,21,22,23 The concept of customized or GROW charts by Gardosi et al is based on the principles: 1. physiological variables that impact fetal growth (maternal ethnicity, height, weight and parity) 2. Excluding pathological conditions like diabetes, hypertension and smoking.28 Use of GROW charts derived from uncomplicated pregnancies delineating estimated weight for a given gestation. Gardosi et al reported the likelihood of detecting SGA by using standardized fundal height measurement alone when plotted on a customized chart to 47.9% in contrary to 29.2% with conventional symphysis‐fundal height measurement without increasing the utilization of ultrasound scans.29 In 2013, the Perinatal institute of UK introduced Growth assessment Protocol (GAP). GAP training encompasses of (1) staff training supported by theoretical and practical e‐learning modules, (2) clinical application of evidence based guidelines including risk assessment, investigation and surveillance of fetal growth (3) training and bringing accuracy in measuring and plotting fundal height on customized growth charts (4) serial auditing to record process and outcome indicators and (5) audit of missed cases to explore the reason of not being detected antenatally.30 This program has been associated with increased detection rate of SGA and reduction in perinatal mortality.31 Based on this evidence and Royal College of Obstetrician & Gynecologist recommendation, the GAP program has been implemented in 80% of hospital trusts across UK. Recently a 10‐year population‐based cohort study was conducted to evaluate effect of implementation of GAP program and reduction in stillbirths in UK. Data of 6,561,560 births from 133 units in England was analyzed and still birth rates were calculated and compared between non‐GAP (39 units or 29.3%), partial GAP (29 units or 21.8%) and Complete GAP (65 units or 48.9%) implementation units. There was an overall reduction in the stillbirth rate from 5.11/1000 to 4.18/1000, with reduction in still birth rate among all the three groups. However, the cross sectional comparison between the two group showed a 9% lower still birth rate among GAP units along with greater fall in stillbirth rate (24%) when compared to the than the non‐GAP units.32 GAP program when adopted outside UK, in The Royal women's Hospital, Melbourne, resulted in doubled detection rate of SGA from 21% to 41% without increase in false positive rate.33 Similarly, results of another non‐randomized, quasi controlled, pre and posttest designed study found doubling (24.8% to 50.6%) in detection rate of SGA after plotting serial FH on customized charts as an intervention.34 A prospective observational study to determine the diagnostic effectiveness of customized charts for identification of fetal growth patterns concluded that serial SFH measurements has a positive likelihood ratio of 4.7 for the detection of SGA.35 To date, all the published research demonstrating the effectiveness of GAP program are non‐randomized, prospective cohorts, pre and post implementation designed. Therefore, making it impossible to determine whether it's the diagnostic effectiveness of the customized chart alone or it's the GAP bundle comprising of staff education, training and change in protocol resulting in increased detection rate of SGA. It is comprehensively established that the best evidence is derived by RCT and so is highlighted in the Cochrane review36. To the best of investigators knowledge no randomized controlled trial has been published to compare the diagnostic effectiveness of serial standardized fundal height measurements on a customized chart with the conventional method. This study would also help us to establish the role customized charts as a screening tool for detection of SGA especially in low resourced countries. It can play a pivotal role, being in expensive, noninvasive for detection of SGA in developing countries with high perinatal morbidity and mortality.
 SUPPORT THAT COMES FROM CULTURE: a RASCH ANALYSIS OF THE SOCIAL SUPPORT SCALE (SSS) IN AN ABORIGINAL POPULATION;  Background Due to a history of colonization, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander became one of the most disadvantaged groups in Australia. The decades of assimilation policies, which culminated in the removal of Aboriginal children from their parents, disarranged the social support derived from their kinship system. In non‐Indigenous populations, social support has been reported as a protective factor against stress (i.e. buffering hypothesis) and coronary heart disease; providing also better outcomes for breast cancer and type‐2 diabetes. There are no psychological instruments validated to measure social support in Aboriginal Australians. The aim of the current study was to evaluate the validity and reliability of the Social Support Scale in an Aboriginal population. Methods The Social Support Scale (SSS) is a 4‐item measure developed to evaluate the emotional, appraisal, instrumental and informational domains of social support. Data was collected from to two different samples: participants of the (1) Teeth Talk Study (n=317), an oral‐health randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted among Aboriginal adults; and (2) the Baby Teeth Talk Study (n=367), an RCT conducted among pregnant Aboriginal women. The psychometric properties of the SSS were evaluated with Graphical Loglinear Rasch Models (GLLRM), which consist of recent methodological advances that extend the Rasch Model to incorporate local dependence (LD) and differential item functioning (DIF). Results Overall fit to a GLLRM was found (X2(96)sample1=52.7, p=0.057; X2(25)sample2=22.2, p=0.625) after the inclusion of LD between items 3 and 4 (gavg1=0.50; gavg2=0.66). Item 2 displayed DIF by employment status (X2(4)=12.60, p=0.013, g=0.21) in Sample 1. There was no DIF by sex or educational attainment. Unidimensionality was confirmed in both samples (gobs1=0.80; gexp1=0.78, p=0.654; gobs2=0.75, gexp2=0.77, p=0.163). The SSS displayed good reliability (Rsample1=0.82, Rsample2=0.84) and probability of person separation (Psample1=0.77, Psample2=0.78). Targeting was poor (TTIsample1=0.28; TTIsample2=0.49). Conclusion The same unidimensional structure was found in both samples, providing confidence in the robustness of results. Item 2 ('There are people in my life who appreciate what I do') displayed DIF by employment status, indicating that participants who were employed were more likely to feel appreciated than those unemployed given the same level of social support. The current study consisted of the first validation of a Western‐developed psychological instrument to measure social support in Aboriginal Australians. The results show that the SSS is a culturally‐valid and reliable instrument that can be applied in future health research among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders.
 Study of RVT-101 in patients with dementia with Lewy Bodies ( DLB);  Inclusion criteria: 1) Male or female subject with a clinical diagnosis of DLB established for a minimum of 2 months prior to Visit 1 and who currently meet consensus criteria as determined by the PI by having dementia and either a) or b) below: a) At least two of the following three Core Criteria: i) Fluctuating cognition, ii) Recurrent visual hallucinations, or iii) Spontaneous features of parkinsonism. b) One of the Core Criteria above and as least one of the following three Suggestive Criteria: i) REM Sleep Behavior Disorder, ii) Severe Neuroleptic Sensitivity, or iii) Low dopamine transporter uptake in basal ganglia on single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) or positron emission tomography (PET) scan as determined by the investigator (SPECT or PET must have been performed in the 12 months prior to the Screening Visit otherwise it must be repeated prior to the Run‐In Period). 2) Subject has an MMSE score of 14 to 26, inclusive, at Screening. In addition, the MMSE score at Baseline (V3) must not have declined by 4 points or more from the Visit 2 MMSE score. For subjects with an MMSE score at Baseline (V3) of 4 or more points lower than their Visit 2 MMSE score or an MMSE <14 at V3, the Run‐In period may be extended for 1 to 10 days. If, after the first extension to the Run‐In Period, the subject still does not meet the MMSE stability criterion, the Run‐In period may again be extended for an additional 1 to 10 days. No more than 2 extensions to the Run‐In Period will be allowed. If this MMSE stability requirement is not met after 2 extensions of the Run‐In Period, the subject will be discontinued from the study. 3) If the subject is currently receiving any of the following medications, the treatment regimen has been stable (i.e., no changes in the type of drug, dose or frequency of dosing) for at least 30 days prior to the Screening Visit and there is no intent to change this treatment regimen for the duration of the study. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (i.e., donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, tacrine) Memantine Axona® (caprylidene) Antidepressants (other than MAO inhibitors) Thyroid hormones, Atypical antipsychotics (e.g., quetiapine),Benzodiazepines and other sedatives/hypnotics 4) Subject is 50 to 85 years of age, inclusive, at the time of the Screening Visit. 5) Female subjects must be: a) Of non‐childbearing potential (i.e., any female who is post‐menopausal [greater than 1 year without menstrual period in the absence of hormone replacement therapy]) or surgically sterile; or, b) If pre‐menopausal or menopausal for 1 year or less, must have a negative pregnancy test and must not be lactating at Screening. Female subjects of childbearing potential and who are sexually active are required to practice highly effective methods of birth control. Female subjects for whom menopausal status is in doubt, in the opinion of the investigator, will be required to use a highly form of birth control. Highly effective forms of birth control are defined as methods that have a failure rate of less than 1% per year when used correctly and consistently and include: ? combined (estrogen and progestogen containing) hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation; oral, intravaginal, or transdermal ? progestogen‐only hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation; oral, injectable, or implantable ? intrauterine device (IUD) ? intrauterine hormone‐releasing system ( IUS) ? bilateral tubal occlusion ? vasectomised Exclusion criteria: Other Causes for Dementia : 1) Parkinson?s disease dementia, vascular dementia, frontotemporal dementia, or Alzheimer?s disease dementia. 2) A CT or MRI scan performed within the past 12 months or at Screening could be interpreted as the primary cause of dementia (e.g., cerebrovascular disease [transient ischemic attack, stroke, hemorrhage]; structural or developmental abnormality; epilepsy; infectious, or degenerative or inflammatory/demyelinating CNS conditions) or any other history and/or evidence to suggest the same. 3) Current vitamin B12 deficien y, hypothyroidism, neurosyphilis, HIV dementia, or Korsakoff?s encephalopathy. 4) Focal findings on the neruological exam Confounding Medical Conditions: 5) History of schizophrenia, major depressive episode in the past 6 months bipolar affective disorder that in the opinion of the investigator would interfere with participation in the study or could affect performance on outcome measures. 6) Significant suicide risk as defined by (1) suicidal ideation as endorsed on items 4 or 5 on the C‐SSRS within the past year, at Screening or at Baseline or; (2) suicidal behaviors within the past year or; (3) clinical assessment of significant suicidal risk during subject interview. 7) History of epilepsy, unexplained seizure or history of significant head trauma with loss of consciousness in the past 5 years. 8) History of malignancy during the 5 years before Screening. History of basal cell carcinoma and melanoma in situ are permitted. History of other cancers currently in a non‐active state may be acceptable after review with the Medical Monitor. 9) Any clinically relevant concomitant disease including unregulated diabetes, progressive liver or kidney dysfunction, history of myocardial infarction or unstable angina within 6 months of Screening, history of more than one myocardial infarction within 5 years of Screening, history of clinically significant stroke, or any other medical or psychiatric condition, which, in the opinion of the investigator, makes the subject unsuitable for inclusion in the study. 10) History of alcohol use disorder or other substance abuse disorder (excluding tobacco use). Concomintant Medications: 11) Participation in another investigational drug or device study during the 30 days prior to the Screening Visit (Visit 1), or within 5 half‐lives of use of the investigational drug prior to the Screening Visit, whichever is longer. 12) Treatment with any concomitant medications : Butyrophenones, phenothiazines, and other ?conventional? antipsychotics, Barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, Any investigational drug, warfarin, phenytoin and (R)‐acenocoumarol, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, rifampicin, phenytoin and carbamazepine, itraconazole, ketoconazole, cyclosporin, diltiazem, verapamil, quinidine, and carvedilol. Unacceptable Tests/Laboratory values: 13) Alanine transaminase (ALT) and/or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) ?2.0 times upper limit of normal (ULN) at Screening. 14) Total bilirubin over 1.5 x ULN at Screening except due to documented Gilbert?s disease or evidence of Gilbert?s disease on Screening laboratory assessments. 15) Calculated creatinine clearance <40 mL/min (Cockroft‐Gault formula) at Screening: 16) Positive hepatitis B surface antigen or hepatitis C antibody test at Screening. 17) Confirmed corrected QT interval (QTc) value greater than or equal to 450 msec for males or greater than or equal to 470 msec for females at Screening. Dementia with Lewy Bodies MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: PT Classification code 10067889 Term: Dementia with Lewy bodies System Organ Class: 10029205 ‐ Nervous system disorders ;Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nervous System Diseases [C10] Product Name: RVT‐101 Product Code: RVT‐101 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: 3‐(Phenylsulfonyl)‐8‐(1‐piperazinyl) quinoline CAS Number: 607742‐69‐8 Current Sponsor code: RVT‐101 Other descriptive name: SB742457 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 35‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Secondary Objective: To assess the effects of RVT‐101 versus placebo after 24 wks of treatment : 1.On attention, as measured by the z‐score of the PoA domain of the CDR computerized assessment system 2.On instrumental activities of daily living as measured by the instrumental subscale of the ADCS‐ADL scale 3.On cognition, including amnestic aspects of cognition, as measured by the ADAS‐Cog‐13 4. On working memory as a measure of executive func as assessed by the COWAT 5.On cognitive function as measure by a composite z‐score combining the 7 domains for the CDR computerized assessment system and the COWAT 6.on hallucinations and delusions as measured by a 2‐item subscore on the NPI which is the sum of the scores for the hallucinations and delusions domains 7.on visual hallucinations as measured by the NEVHI 8.On fluctuations in cognition using the CAF 9.On subject dependence using the DS 10.On an analysis of responders based on pre‐specified efficacy evaluations 11. Assess the safety and tolerability;Main Objective: ? To assess the effects of RVT‐101 versus placebo on global function as measured by the Clinician?s Interview‐Based Impression of Change Plus Caregiver Input (CIBIC+) after 24 weeks of treatment ? To assess the effects of RVT‐101 versus placebo on cognition as measured by the composite z‐score of the 7 domains of the Cognitive Drug Research (CDR) computerized assessment system after 24 weeks of treatment (CDR domains include Power of Attention, Continuity of Attention, Quality of Working Memory, Quality of Episodic Memory, Speed of Memory, Cognitive Reaction Time and Reaction Time Variability);Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoints will be an assessment of cognition and global function at Week 24. Change from baseline to Week 24 in cognition will be measured by a composite z‐score of 7 domains of the CDR computerized assessment system (Power of Attention, Continuity of Attention, Quality of Working Memory, Quality of Episodic Memory, Speed of Memory, Cognitive Reaction Time and Reaction Time Variability). Global function at Week 24 will be measured by the CIBIC+.;Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary endpoints will be measured after 24 weeks of treatment. Study participation will last approximately 32 weeks: 0 to 4 weeks for Screening, a 2‐week Single‐Blind Run‐In Period to evaluate baseline status, a 24‐week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled Treatment Period and a 2‐week Safety Follow‐up Period for subjects who do not enter the extension study. There will be weekly clinical assessments for the first two weeks of double‐blind treatment, bi‐weekly assessments thereafter until 12 weeks post‐randomization and every six weeks thereafter. For certain visits (Visits 5, 7 and 9), subjects may have the option of whether to have assessments performed at the clinical study site or by a trained, visiting nurse in their own home Secondary end point(s): Secondary efficacy endpoints: Instrumental activities of daily living will be measured by the instrumental subscale of the ADCS‐ADL as a key secondary endpoint. Safety evaluation: Safety will be evaluated based on adverse events (AEs), physical examinations, vital signs (including measurements of orthostatic changes in blood pressure [BP] and heart rate [HR]), a questionnaire evaluating the occurrence of symptoms potentially associated with orthostasis, the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale ‐ Part III (UPDRS‐III) after 24 weeks of treatment, electrocardiograms (ECGs), the Columbia‐Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C‐SSRS) and routine clinical laboratory assessments.;Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary endpoints will be measured after 24 weeks of treatment. Study participation will last approximately 32 weeks: 0 to 4 weeks for Screening, a 2‐week Single‐Blind Run‐In Period to evaluate baseline status, a 24‐week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled Treatment Period and a 2‐week Safety Follow‐up Period for subjects who do not enter the extension study. There will be weekly clinical assessments for the first two weeks of double‐blind treatment, bi‐weekly assessments thereafter until 12 weeks post‐randomization and every six weeks thereafter. For certain visits (Visits 5, 7 and 9), subjects may have the option of whether to have assessments performed at the clinical study site or by a trained, visiting nurse in their own home
 Study of RVT-101 in patients with dementia with Lewy Bodies ( DLB);  Inclusion criteria: 1) Male or female subject with a clinical diagnosis of DLB established for a minimum of 2 months prior to Visit 1 and who currently meet consensus criteria as determined by the PI by having dementia and either a) or b) below: a) At least two of the following three Core Criteria: i) Fluctuating cognition, ii) Recurrent visual hallucinations, or iii) Spontaneous features of parkinsonism. b) One of the Core Criteria above and as least one of the following three Suggestive Criteria: i) REM Sleep Behavior Disorder, ii) Severe Neuroleptic Sensitivity, or iii) Low dopamine transporter uptake in basal ganglia on single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) or positron emission tomography (PET) scan as determined by the investigator (SPECT or PET must have been performed in the 12 months prior to the Screening Visit otherwise it must be repeated prior to the Run‐In Period). 2) Subject has an MMSE score of 14 to 26, inclusive, at Screening. In addition, the MMSE score at Baseline (V3) must not have declined by 4 points or more from the Visit 2 MMSE score. For subjects with an MMSE score at Baseline (V3) of 4 or more points lower than their Visit 2 MMSE score or an MMSE <14 at V3, the Run‐In period may be extended for 1 to 10 days. If, after the first extension to the Run‐In Period, the subject still does not meet the MMSE stability criterion, the Run‐In period may again be extended for an additional 1 to 10 days. No more than 2 extensions to the Run‐In Period will be allowed. If this MMSE stability requirement is not met after 2 extensions of the Run‐In Period, the subject will be discontinued from the study. 3) If the subject is currently receiving any of the following medications, the treatment regimen has been stable (i.e., no changes in the type of drug, dose or frequency of dosing) for at least 30 days prior to the Screening Visit and there is no intent to change this treatment regimen for the duration of the study. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (i.e., donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, tacrine) Memantine Axona® (caprylidene) Antidepressants (other than MAO inhibitors) Thyroid hormones, Atypical antipsychotics (e.g., quetiapine),Benzodiazepines and other sedatives/hypnotics 4) Subject is 50 to 85 years of age, inclusive, at the time of the Screening Visit. 5) Female subjects must be: a) Of non‐childbearing potential (i.e., any female who is post‐menopausal [greater than 1 year without menstrual period in the absence of hormone replacement therapy]) or surgically sterile; or, b) If pre‐menopausal or menopausal for 1 year or less, must have a negative pregnancy test and must not be lactating at Screening. Female subjects of childbearing potential and who are sexually active are required to practice highly effective methods of birth control. Female subjects for whom menopausal status is in doubt, in the opinion of the investigator, will be required to use a highly form of birth control. Highly effective forms of birth control are defined as methods that have a failure rate of less than 1% per year when used correctly and consistently and include: ? combined (estrogen and progestogen containing) hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation; oral, intravaginal, or transdermal ? progestogen‐only hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation; oral, injectable, or implantable ? intrauterine device (IUD) ? intrauterine hormone‐releasing system ( IUS) ? bilateral tubal occlusion ? vasectomised Exclusion criteria: Other Causes for Dementia : 1) Parkinson?s disease dementia, vascular dementia, frontotemporal dementia, or Alzheimer?s disease dementia. 2) A CT or MRI scan performed within the past 12 months or at Screening could be interpreted as the primary cause of dementia (e.g., cerebrovascular disease [transient ischemic attack, stroke, hemorrhage]; structural or developmental abnormality; epilepsy; infectious, or degenerative or inflammatory/demyelinating CNS conditions) or any other history and/or evidence to suggest the same. 3) Current vitamin B12 deficiency, hypothyroidism, neurosyphilis, HIV dementia, or Korsakoff?s encephalopathy. 4) Focal findings on the neruological exam Confounding Medical Conditions: 5) History of schizophrenia, major depressive episode in the past 6 months bipolar affective disorder that in the opinion of the investigator would interfere with participation in the study or could affect performance on outcome measures. 6) Significant suicide risk as defined by (1) suicidal ideation as endorsed on items 4 or 5 on the C‐SSRS within the past year, at Screening or at Baseline or; (2) suicidal behaviors within the past year or; (3) clinical assessment of significant suicidal risk during subject interview. 7) History of epilepsy, unexplained seizure or history of significant head trauma with loss of consciousness in the past 5 years. 8) History of malignancy during the 5 years before Screening. History of basal cell carcinoma and melanoma in situ are permitted. History of other cancers currently in a non‐active state may be acceptable after review with the Medical Monitor. 9) Any clinically relevant concomitant disease including unregulated diabetes, progressive liver or kidney dysfunction, history of myocardial infarction or unstable angina within 6 months of Screening, history of more than one myocardial infarction within 5 years of Screening, history of clinically significant stroke, or any other medical or psychiatric condition, which, in the opinion of the investigator, makes the subject unsuitable for inclusion in the study. 10) History of alcohol use disorder or other substance abuse disorder (excluding tobacco use). Concomintant Medications: 11) Participation in another investigational drug or device study during the 30 days prior to the Screening Visit (Visit 1), or within 5 half‐lives of use of the investigational drug prior to the Screening Visit, whichever is longer. 12) Treatment with any concomitant medications : Butyrophenones, phenothiazines, and other ?conventional? antipsychotics, Barbiturates, MAO inhibitors, Any investigational drug, warfarin, phenytoin and (R)‐acenocoumarol, ketoconazole, itraconazole, erythromycin, rifampicin, phenytoin and carbamazepine, itraconazole, ketoconazole, cyclosporin, diltiazem, verapamil, quinidine, and carvedilol. Unacceptable Tests/Laboratory values: 13) Alanine transaminase (ALT) and/or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) ?2.0 times upper limit of normal (ULN) at Screening. 14) Total bilirubin over 1.5 x ULN at Screening except due to documented Gilbert?s disease or evidence of Gilbert?s disease on Screening laboratory assessments. 15) Calculated creatinine clearance <40 mL/min (Cockroft‐Gault formula) at Screening: 16) Positive hepatitis B surface antigen or hepatitis C antibody test at Screening. 17) Confirmed corrected QT interval (QTc) value greater than or equal to 450 msec for males or greater than or equal to 470 msec for females at Screening. Dementia with Lewy Bodies MedDRA version: 19.0 Level: PT Classification code 10067889 Term: Dementia with Lewy bodies System Organ Class: 10029205 ‐ Nervous system disorders ;Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Nervous System Diseases [C10] Product Name: RVT‐101 Product Code: RVT‐101 Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: 3‐(Phenylsulfonyl)‐8‐(1‐piperazinyl) quinoline CAS Number: 607742‐69‐8 Current Sponsor code: RVT‐101 Other descriptive name: SB742457 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 35‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Main Objective: ? To assess the effects of RVT‐101 versus placebo on global function as measured by the Clinician?s Interview‐Based Impression of Change Plus Caregiver Input (CIBIC+) after 24 weeks of treatment ? To assess the effects of RVT‐101 versus placebo on cognition as measured by the composite z‐score of the 7 domains of the Cognitive Drug Research (CDR) computerized assessment system after 24 weeks of treatment (CDR domains include Power of Attention, Continuity of Attention, Quality of Working Memory, Quality of Episodic Memory, Speed of Memory, Cognitive Reaction Time and Reaction Time Variability);Secondary Objective: To assess the effects of RVT‐101 versus placebo after 24 wks of treatment : 1.On attention, as measured by the z‐score of the PoA domain of the CDR computerized assessment system 2.On instrumental activities of daily living as measured by the instrumental subscale of the ADCS‐ADL scale 3.On cognition, including amnestic aspects of cognition, as measured by the ADAS‐Cog‐13 4. On working memory as a measure of executive func as assessed by the COWAT 5.On cognitive function as measured by a composite z‐score combining the 7 domains for the CDR computerized assessment system and the COWAT 6.on hallucinations and delusions as measured by a 2‐item subscore on the NPI which is the sum of the scores for the hallucinations and delusions domains 7.on visual hallucinations as measured by the NEVHI 8.On fluctuations in cognition using the CAF 9.On subject dependence using the DS 10.On an analysis of responders based on pre‐specified efficacy evaluations 11. Assess the safety and tolerability;Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoints will be an assessment of cognition and global function at Week 24. Change from baseline to Week 24 in cognition will be measured by a composite z‐score of 7 domains of the CDR computerized assessment system (Power of Attention, Continuity of Attention, Quality of Working Memory, Quality of Episodic Memory, Speed of Memory, Cognitive Reaction Time and Reaction Time Variability). Global function at Week 24 will be measured by the CIBIC+.;Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary endpoints will be measured after 24 weeks of treatment. Study participation will last approximately 32 weeks: 0 to 4 weeks for Screening, a 2‐week Single‐Blind Run‐In Period to evaluate baseline status, a 24‐week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled Treatment Period and a 2‐week Safety Follow‐up Period for subjects who do not enter the extension study. There will be weekly clinical assessments for the first two weeks of double‐blind treatment, bi‐weekly assessments thereafter until 12 weeks post‐randomization and every six weeks thereafter. For certain visits (Visits 5, 7 and 9), subjects may have the option of whether to have assessments performed at the clinical study site or by a trained, visiting nurse in their own home Secondary end point(s): Secondary efficacy endpoints: Instrumental activities of daily living will be measured by the instrumental subscale of the ADCS‐ADL as a key secondary endpoint. Safety evaluation: Safety will be evaluated based on adverse events (AEs), physical examinations, vital signs (including measurements of orthostatic changes in blood pressure [BP] and heart rate [HR]), a questionnaire evaluating the occurrence of symptoms potentially associated with orthostasis, the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale ‐ Part III (UPDRS‐III) after 24 weeks of treatment, electrocardiograms (ECGs), the Columbia‐Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C‐SSRS) and routine clinical laboratory assessments.;Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The primary endpoints will be measured after 24 weeks of treatment. Study participation will last approximately 32 weeks: 0 to 4 weeks for Screening, a 2‐week Single‐Blind Run‐In Period to evaluate baseline status, a 24‐week randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled Treatment Period and a 2‐week Safety Follow‐up Period for subjects who do not enter the extension study. There will be weekly clinical assessments for the first two weeks of double‐blind treatment, bi‐weekly assessments thereafter until 12 weeks post‐randomization and every six weeks thereafter. For certain visits (Visits 5, 7 and 9), subjects may have the option of whether to have assessments performed at the clinical study site or by a trained, visiting nurse in their own home
 The effects of spouse participation on fear of childbirth and select the type of delivery;  INTERVENTION: For the control group, accouchement preparation class will be held without husband. Intervention 1: The intervention group will participate in 6 session (90 minutes per each session) in accouchement preparation class and their fear of accouchement and choosing type of accouchement will be assessed before and after the intervention. Intervention 2: For the control group, accouchement preparation class will be held without husband. Prevention The intervention group will participate in 6 session (90 minutes per each session) in accouchement preparation class and their fear of accouchement and choosing type of accouchement will be assessed before and after the intervention. CONDITION: Nulliparous women. ; Supervision of normal first pregnancy Supervision of normal first pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fear of childbirth. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Select the type of delivery. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women inclusion criteria :20_30 weeks pregnant women with low danger pregnancy ? First pregnancy ? Singleton pregnancy ? Ability to read and write? Scores 28 and more in the fear of accouchement questionnaire ? Availability and follow up. Men inclusion criteria : men who would like to participate in research? Ability to read and write ? Availability and follow up. Women Exclusion criteria : Women who would not like to participate for any reason ?women who suffering by chronic disease including high blood pressure, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and etc ?sterility history and pregnancy using assist reproduction method ?Mental disease history or using medicine. Men Exclusion criteria: men who would not like to participate for any reason
 Combined Spinal Epidural Anesthesia in Obese Patients Undergoing Cesarean Surgery;  The study population comprised 100 pregnant women diagnosed with obese aged between 18‐45 years, American society of anesthesiologist I and II with full‐term gestation undergoing elective cesarean section under combined spinal ‐ epidural anesthesia (CSEA). Women with psychiatric diseases, preeclampsia, pregnancy‐induced hypertension or chronic hypertension, diabetes, multiple pregnancies, fetal anomaly and allergy to study drugs were excluded from the study. Also, patients requiring general anesthesia and patients with an average blood pressure below 90 and heart rate less than 50 were excluded. Before performance of CSEA, two groups were formed by randomization. A computer‐generated table of random numbers was used for randomization. The CESA was performed in left lateral position in Group I (n=50) and in sitting position in Group II (n=50). Premedication was not performed in any patient. Before entering the operating room, 10 mL/kg lactated Ringer's solution was given to all patients via IV cannula over 20 minutes. Standard monitoring was performed in the operating room. Before the operation; patients' age, weight, height, ASA physical status and basal hemodynamic parameters were recorded. The CSEA was planned for all patients. All interventions were performed by an experienced anesthesiologist. Patients were appropriately positioned in accordance with the group in which they were included. Group I (n=50) consisted of patients performing CSEA in the left lateral decubitus position. The patient was laid on her left side, the legs were flexed on the abdomen and the chin on the chest. Group II (n=50) consisted of patients performing CSEA in the sitting position. The patient was seated on the edge of the operating table with his feet hanging down, the feet supported by a chair, a pillow was given on her lap, and the patient clung to the pillow. After the skin was sterilized and local infiltration was performed with 2% lidocaine, 18 gauge Tuohy needle (Set for CSEA, Braun®, Melsungen, Germany) was advanced through the midline L2‐3 or L3‐4 intervertebral spaces with loss of resistance technique. Intrathecally, a 27‐gauge pencil point needle was inserted using the needle‐through‐needle technique. When free cerebrospinal fluid flow was seen, 1.8 ml 0.5% isobaric bupivacaine (9 mg) was administered over 30 seconds. The epidural catheter was advanced 3 cm into the epidural space following the spinal needle was removed. After the catheter was checked with negative pressure, it was secured in place. At the end of the procedure patients were placed in the supine position for operation and the operating table was tilted 20° to the left. Sensory block level was evaluated via pinprick test and it was recorded bilaterally every two minutes. Surgery was initiated following the sensory block reached at the upper level of T6 dermatome. If signs of analgesia were not observed within the first 20 min following the spinal injection, spinal anesthesia was evaluated as failed. In case of failure, additional 5 ml solution of 2% lidocaine was performed via the epidural catheter (5‐min intervals, the total dose of 15 mg) until a T6 level of the sensory block was provided. Motor block level was evaluated with Modified Bromage scale (scale 0 = motor block is not available; scale 1 = The patient can do the full flexion of foot and knee, she is unable to hip flexion; scale 2 = The patient can do the full flexion of foot, she is unable to knee and hip flexion; scale 3 = Total motor block is available). General anaesthesia protocol was applied in case of three unsuccessful attempts to reach to intrathecal space. Oxygen was delivered during surgery. Intravenous ephedrine (6 mg) was used to treat hypotension (a 30% decrease in systolic blood pressure compared to preoperative values) during surgery. Intra‐venous atropine (1 mg) was given in case of bradycardia (the heart rate < 45 beats/minute) during surgery. When nausea and vomiting were observed, intravenous metoclopramide (10 mg) was administered. The application time of the CSEA, the time from the spinal injection to the development of sensory blockade up to T6 dermatome, operation time (the time from the start of the surgical incision until the end of surgery), highest sensory block level, anesthetic complications and the number of patients required epidural medication during surgery were recorded. Following drug administration to the intrathecal space, intraoperative hemodynamic changes were recorded every 2 min. After surgery was initiated, hemodynamic changes were recorded in 5‐minute intervals until the end of the operation. Side effects such as pruritus and nausea, the number of patients requiring ephedrine, atropine or analgesic were recorded. After delivery, 30 IU oxytocin in 500 mL Ringer's lactate solution was given intravenously. Neonatal Apgar scores obtained at 1 and 5 min after delivery and umbilical artery blood gas values were recorded. After surgery, patients were followed in the recovery room for 120 min. In the recovery room, Visual analogue scale (VAS, 0 cm= no pain, 10 cm= worst pain) scores for pain severity, anesthesia‐related side effects (e.g., nausea, vomiting and headache), sensory block time (from the spinal injection to the recovery of T10 dermatome), and the time requiring supplemental analgesics was recorded by an independent observer blinded to the group assignment at 30 min and 1st and 2nd hours post‐operatively. In the case of VAS > 3 in a patient, 5 ml solution of 2% lidocaine was given through the epidural catheter. When the motor block had regressed to the T10 level, patients were sent to the clinics.Sample size was calculated as minimum 40 patients in each group, based on data obtained in previous studies, to detect a minimum difference in the requirement of 10 mg ephedrine between the two groups with a power of 90%, a of 0.05. Accordingly, 50 pregnant women were recruited in each group to compensate for potential dropouts. Data were expressed as mean values ± standard deviation (SD) or number and percentage values. Whether the data has normal distribution was tested using Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test. Comparisons were performed using the Mann‐Whitney U‐test, when data was not normally distributed. Comparisons were performed using the Independent T test in the presence of normally distributed data. The percentage values were compared using chi‐square, P<0.05 was considered significant statistically.
 A study to investigate whether a drug called Januvia, that is licensed to lower blood glucose in diabetic patients, has an effect on psoriasis;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Januvia Product Name: Sitaglitpin Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Sitagliptin CAS Number: 790712‐60‐6 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Januvia Product Name: Sitaglitpin Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: Sitagliptin CAS Number: 790712‐60‐6 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ CONDITION: Psoriasis ; MedDRA version: 14.1 Level: PT Classification code 10037153 Term: Psoriasis System Organ Class: 10040785 ‐ Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Skin and Connective Tissue Diseases [C17] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the research project is to determine the change in the psoriasis area and severity index (?PASI) during twenty four weeks of treatment with a dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitor (Januvia®, 100mg daily, or 50mg daily for participants with moderate kidney disease) in psoriasis patients undergoing narrow‐band ultraviolet‐B (NB‐UVB) light therapy. This will be compared to the ?PASI of psoriasis patients undergoing NB‐UVB light therapy who are allocated randomly to not receive any additional treatment. Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoint is the change in the psoriasis area and severity index (?PASI) after twenty four weeks. ; ; Secondary Objective: To determine the effect of treatment with Januvia® and the effect of no additional treatment, on the:; 1. ?PASI over thirty six weeks; 2. Change in validated QOL scores after 24 and 36 weeks; 3. Dosage of NB‐UVB light at 36 weeks; 4. Number of exposures to NB‐UVB light at 36 weeks; 5. Proportion of patients who achieve a greater than 50% reduction in PASI from baseline (PASI‐50) within 36 weeks of commencement of NB‐UVB therapy ; 6. Proportion of patients who achieve PASI‐75 and PASI‐90 within 36 weeks of commencement of NB‐UVB therapy; 7. Proportion of patients who relapse (PASI greater than 50% of original value) within 36 weeks of commencement of NB‐UVB light therapy; 8. Times taken to achieve PASI‐50, PASI‐75, PASI‐90 and relapse ; 9. Change in levels of CVD risk factors after 24 and 36 weeks; 10. Change in serum concentrations of cytokines and hormones after 24 and 36 weeks; 11. Change in peripheral blood mononuclear cell expression of immune proteins after 24 and 36 weeks.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 24 weeks. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary endpoints will include the: ; 1. ?PASI after thirty six weeks; ; 2. Change in validated quality of life scores (DLQI, SF‐12, EQ‐5D, HADS, HAQ‐8) after 24 and 36 weeks; ; 3. NB‐UVB light dosage and exposure number at 36 weeks; ; 4. Proportion of patients who achieve a greater than 50% reduction in PASI from baseline (PASI‐50) by 36 weeks; ; 5. Proportion of participants who achieve PASI‐75 and PASI‐90 by 36 weeks; ; 6. Proportion of participants who relapse (PASI greater than 50% of original value) by 36 weeks; ; 7. Times taken to achieve PASI‐50, PASI‐75, PASI‐90 and relapse; ; 8. Changes in levels of cardiovascular disease risk factors (blood pressure, glycaemic measures lipid fractions, weight etc) after 24 and 36 weeks; ; 9. Changes in serum concentrations of cytokines and hormones after 24 and 36 weeks; and ; 10. Changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cell expression of immune proteins (IL‐6, TNFa, IL‐10, IL‐27, IL‐17, IFN?, TLR‐4, TLR‐2, JNK‐1, MCP‐1 etc) after 24 and 36 weeks. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 24 and 36 weeks. INCLUSION CRITERIA: People who satisfy all of the following may be included in the study: 1. Have a diagnosis of generalized chronic plaque and/or guttate psoriasis; 2. Are male and female patients aged between 18 and 75 years inclusive; 3. Have a psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) greater than 7 despite use of topical therapies; 4. Are due to undergo NB‐UVB light therapy; 5. Have not required systemic psoriasis therapy during the past eight weeks; 6. Are unlikely to require systemic therapy for the duration of clinical trial involvement; 7. Have a negative pregnancy test at screening (women of child bearing potential only); and 8. Are willing to sign voluntarily a statement of informed consent to participate in the study. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 100 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Numbe
 A study to investigate whether a drug called Januvia, that is licensed to lower blood glucose in diabetic patients, has an effect on psoriasis;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Januvia Product Name: Sitaglitpin Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: SITAGLIPTIN CAS Number: 790712‐60‐6 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Diamicron Product Name: Gliclazide Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule INN or Proposed INN: GLICLAZIDE CAS Number: 21187‐98‐4 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 80‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Capsule Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Psoriasis ; MedDRA version: 17.1 Level: PT Classification code 10037153 Term: Psoriasis System Organ Class: 10040785 ‐ Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Skin and Connective Tissue Diseases [C17] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the research project is to determine the change in the psoriasis area and severity index (?PASI) during 16 weeks of treatment with a dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitor (Januvia®, 100mg daily) in psoriasis patients with type 2 diabetes. This will be compared to the ?PASI in psoriasis patients with type 2 diabetes during 16 weeks of treatment with a comparator (Diamicron®, 80mg to 320mg daily). Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the change in the psoriasis area and severity index in psoriasis patients with type 2 diabetes after sixteen weeks of treatment. Secondary Objective: To determine, and compare, the effects of:; 1.16 weeks tmt with Januvia® with Diamicron® on the:; a.Incidence of AEs and d/c of one of the IMPs; b.Change in QOL scores ; c.Incidence of achievement of > than 50% reduction in PASI from baseline; d.Incidence of PASI‐75 & PASI‐90; e.Time to achieve PASI‐50, PASI‐75 & PASI‐90; f.Changes in levels of CVD risk factors ; g.Changes in serum concentrations of cytokines and hormones; h.Changes in mononuclear cell expression of immune proteins ; 2. 32 weeks tmt with Januvia® with 16 weeks Diamicron® followed by 16 weeks Januvia® tmt on the:; a.Change in PASI; b.Incidence of AEs and d/c of one of the IMPs; c.Change in QOL scores; d.Incidence of achievement > than 50% reduction in PASI from baseline ; e.Incidence of PASI‐75 & PASI‐90; f.Time to achieve PASI‐50, PASI‐75 & PASI‐90; g.Changes in levels of CVD risk factors ; h.Changes in serum concentrations of cytokines and hormones; j.Changes in mononuclear cell expression of immune proteins Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After a 16 week treatment period SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): The secondary efficacy endpoints are: ; 1. Change in psoriasis area and severity index after 32 weeks of treatment; ; 2. Incidence of adverse events within 16 and 32 weeks of treatment commencement; ; 3. Incidence of discontinuation of one of the study investigational medicinal products (IMPs) within 16 and 32 weeks of treatment commencement; ; 4. Changes in validated quality of life scores (DLQI, EQ‐5D, HADS, and HAQ‐8) after 16 and 32 weeks; ; 5. Proportion of patients who achieve a greater than 50% reduction in PASI from baseline (PASI‐50) within 16 and 32 weeks; ; 6. Proportion of participants who achieve PASI‐75 and PASI‐90 within 16 and 32 weeks; ; 7. Times taken to achievement of PASI‐50, PASI‐75 and PASI‐90; ; 8. Changes in levels of cardiovascular disease risk factors (blood pressure, glycaemic measures lipid fractions, weight etc) after 16 and 32 weeks; ; 9. Changes in serum concentrations of cytokines (CRP, IL‐6, TNFa, IL‐1ß, IL‐10 etc) after 16 and 32 weeks; ; 10. Changes in serum concentrations of hormones (GLP‐1, PYY etc) after 16 and 32 weeks; and ; 11. Changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cell expression of immune proteins (IL‐6, TNFa, IL‐10, IL‐27, IFN?, IL‐17, TLR‐4, TLR‐2, JNK‐1 MCP‐1 etc) after 16 and 32 weeks. ; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: After 16 and 32 weeks treatment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: People who satisfy all of the following may be included in the study: 1. Have a diagnosis of generalized chronic plaque and/or guttate psoriasis; 2. Are male or female aged between 18 and 75 years inclusive; 3. Have a psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) greater than 7 at screening or baseline; 4. Have a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes; 5. Have a glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) level between 48mmol/mol and 80mmol/mol; 6. Are able and willing to stop sulphonylurea, dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 [DPP‐4] inhibitor and glucagon‐like peptide‐1 [GLP‐1] analogue therapy for the duration of the study; 7. Have a negative pregnancy test at screening (women of child bearing potential only); and 8. Are willing to voluntarily sign a statement of informed consent to participate in the study. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this
 Effectiveness of implementation of Orem Self-Care Programme on Headache Indices In Migraineur;  INTERVENTION: implementation of Orem self care programs implementation of Orem self care programs. Lifestyle CONDITION: Migraine. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Headache indices. Timepoint: 2 mounth. Method of measurement: Qestionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of migraine based on International headache indices by a physician, Ability of reading and writing, Age 55‐18 years Exclusion criteria: unwilling to cooperate,Pregnancy, menopause, History of psychiatric disorders, History of other diseases such as asthma, diabetes, cardiovascular, or hypertension, health personnels
 clinical trial in adolescents with ovarian hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinemia: effects on ovulatory function, parameters of chronic inflammation, on cardiovascular risk factors and on risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Metformina Sandoz Product Name: Metformina Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Metformina Other descriptive name: Metformina Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 850‐ Trade Name: Aldactone Pfizer Product Name: espironolactona Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Espironolactona Other descriptive name: Espironolactona Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Aldactone Pfizer Product Name: espironolactona Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Espironolactona Other descriptive name: Espironolactona Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ Trade Name: Actos® Product Name: Clorhidrato de pioglitazona Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: PIOGLITAZONE Other descriptive name: clorhidrato de pioglitazona Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 15‐ Trade Name: LOETTE DIARIO Product Name: LOETTE DIARIO Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: levonorgestrel CAS Number: 797‐63‐7 Other descriptive name: LEVONORGESTREL Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 100‐ INN or Proposed INN: etinilestradiol Other descriptive name: etinilestradiol. Concentration unit: µg microgram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ CONDITION: Ovarian hyperandrogenism Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Hormonal diseases [C19] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: 1)To study the efficacy and tolerability of low‐dose combination treatment with pioglitazone, spironolactone and metformin (PioSpiMet) on endocrine‐metabolic, vascular and inflammatory parameters, body composition (visceral and intrahepatic fat) and ovulatory function in adolescents with ovarian hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinemia and without pregnancy risk;; 2)To compare the effects of the treatment with PioSpiMet to the effects of the treatment with an oral contraceptive containing ethinyl‐estradiol and levonorgestrel, on endocrine‐metabolic, vascular and inflammatory parameters and body composition in two groups of adolescents of a similar age and baseline characteristics; ; 3)To compare the evolutionary changes of the endocrine‐metabolic and vascular parameters and body composition in the 6 months after stopping treatment; to compare the effects of the two treatments on ovulatory function after stopping treatment. To assign the best treatment to the patients. Primary end point(s): Basal insulin, insulin sensitivity (HOMA), visceral abdominal fat, intrahepatic lipid content, IMT (carotid intima‐media thickness). A reduction in HOMA equal to or more than 10%, accompanied by a decrease in basal insulin amounts by at least 10%, and two or more of the following changes: a decrease of visceral fat > 20%, a decrease of the intrahepatic lipid content > 30%, or a decrease of the IMT > 20% will be considered as a positive and discriminative response. Secondary Objective: not applicable Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: 6 months, 12 months and 6 months post treatment SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Not applicable Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Not applicable INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Age equal to or more than 14 years and less than 18 years 2) Menarche at least two years before 3) Body mass index (BMI) below 97th percentile and above the 10th percentile according to age (3) 4) Clinical hyperandrogenism: a)Hirsutism and/or acne b)Oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea 5) Biochemical hyperandrogenism: a)Total testosterone > 60 ng/dL and/or free androgen index > 5 (1.2) b)Androstenedione > 160 ng/dL 6) Hyperinsulinemia: a)Basal insulin > 15 ?U/mL b)Glucose/insulin ratio < 7 or insulin peak in the oral glucose load > 100 ?UmL (1.2) Are the trial subjects under 18? yes Number of subjects for this age range: 40 F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 20 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Platelet Rich Plasma for Uterine Scar;  Introduction Platelets are cytoplasmic fragments of megakaryocytes, formed in the marrow and approximately 2 μm in diameter. When vessel wall injury occurs, they become activated, releasing more than 30 bioactive proteins, many of which have a fundamental role in hemostasis, inflammation and ultimate wound healing. Growth factors released from the platelets include platelet‐derived growth factor, transforming growth factor beta, platelet‐derived epidermal growth factor, platelet‐derived angiogenesis factor, insulin‐like growth factor 1, and platelet factor 4. These factors signal the local mesenchymal and epithelial cells to migrate, divide, and increase collagen and matrix synthesis. Platelet‐rich plasma (PRP), a modification of fibrin glue made from autologous blood, is being used to deliver growth factors in high concentration to sites requiring wound healing. Its clinical uses have dramatically increased in the last decade in various fields of medicine including orthopedics, cardiothoracic surgery, plastic surgery, dermatology, dentistry, and diabetic wound healing. Recently, its positive effects in promoting endometrial and follicular growth and gestation in assisted reproduction cycles have also been demonstrated. PRP is obtained from a sample of patients' blood drawn at the time of treatment. A 30cc venous blood draw will yield 3‐5 cc of PRP depending on the baseline platelet count of an individual, the device used, and the technique employed. The blood draw occurs with the addition of an anticoagulant, such as citrate dextrose A to prevent platelet activation prior to its use. The preparation process is known as differential centrifugation. An initial centrifugation to separate red blood cells (RBC) is followed by a second centrifugation to concentrate platelets, which are suspended in the smallest final plasma volume. The upper 2/3 portion of the volume that is composed mostly of platelet‐poor plasma (PPP) is removed. Pellets are homogenized in lower 1/3rd (5 ml of plasma) to create the Platelet‐Rich Plasma (PRP). A count of 1 million /mL has become the working definition for therapeutic PRP. Activation of the platelets before their application is not required as there is no consensus for better results. Caesarean delivery is the commonest operation performed on women worldwide with progressively rising incidence. Consequently, long‐term adverse sequelae due to uterine scar defect have been increasing. Common gynecological complains include chronic pelvic pain, dyspareunia, dysmenorrhea and postmenstrual spotting and infertility. Obstetric sequelae seem to be increasing such as cesarean scar ectopic pregnancy, placenta previa, and placenta accrete, all associated with major maternal morbidity and even mortality. Given the association between uterine scar defect and gynecological symptoms, obstetric complications and potentially subfertility, it is important to develop preventive strategies. To the best of knowledge studies using PRP for uterine scars treatment have not been published. Due to the aforementioned, the aim of our study is to learn the effect of PRP use on uterine scar healing. Material and Methods This is a prospective randomized single blinded study that will be conducted in a single tertiary medical center. Study population will include: A. women planned to undergo elective cesarean delivery at term with singleton pregnancy; and B. women undergoing uterine scar repair due to uterine scar defect following cesarean delivery. Women meeting inclusion criteria will be offered to participate in the study. After signing informed consent, block randomization will be separately completed for each study population for one of two groups: A‐ administration of PRP following uterine incision repair, B ‐ no administration of PRP on the uterine incision. Women will be blinded to the group they have been randomized to. Blood will be drawn to all women 30 minutes before operation for platelet count and preparation of PRP (in case randomization was for group A). All operations will be performed by highly skilled surgeons of the same team. All other stages of operations will be similar in both of the groups. Operative and post‐operative data will be collected from the medical files including: operation duration, estimated blood loss, operation complications (hypotension, bladder gut or vascular perforation), post‐operative complications (hemorrhage, endometritis, vascular ‐ thromboembolic event, ileus). All women will be invited to the gynecologic clinics six months post operation for trans‐vaginal sonographic evaluation of the uterine scar. Measurement will include uterine scar residual myometrial thickness (RMT), adjacent myometrial thickness (AMT), depth, length, and RMT/AMT ratio. Women's reports regarding possibility of uterine scar defect symptoms (heavy menstrual bleeding, intermenstrual spotting, pelvic pain) will additionally be collected on follow‐up visit
 Does a peer-supported lifestyle modification program improve health outcomes and satisfaction with care for obese patients;  INTERVENTION: The MH4L program (intervention) consists of a single introductory one‐on‐one meeting with the program facilitator and 5 focus‐group style sessions typically involving 5 to 8 participants per group and a MH4L‐trained facilitator. The one‐on‐one introductory meeting is for the purpose of introducing the MH4L course outline (expectations, program details and participant‐facilitator obligations and roles), measure baseline data (weight, height, blood pressure, smoking and drinking statuses, chronic disease risks, exercise and dietary habits), understand participants’ demographics, answer questions and consent the patient for participation in the MH4L program (mandated by the program’s administrators). The meeting takes approximately 1 hour. Each participant is also given the MH4L course material which includes printed program manual, workbook, and program surveys (data collection under the program mandate and to assist the facilitator in their guidance of the sessions). After the introductory meeting, the participant enters group sessions (usually within 2 months). Each group session follows a set outline as prescribed by the workbook. Sessions 2 to 5 typically occur 2 weeks apart with session 5 and 6 being 12 weeks apart. Each group session covers different topics and runs for approximately 2 hours per session. Topics covered in sessions centre around goal setting and achievement, identifying personal barriers to lifestyle change, action planning, readiness to change, food choices, assessing successes and barriers and understanding the need to establish support networks. The sessions are topic discussions and the facilitator is present to answer questions, provide professional support, guide the discussions to roughly follow the prescribed course structure, administer the session survey and perform the required data collection tasks (for example weight, girth) which are performed in private. The whole program takes 6 months to complete. For specific details on the program, see www.myhealthforlife.com.au. Facilitators utilise email, phone or text messaging as a way to remind patients of their upcoming sessions. From the experience of MH4L program administrators, Diabetes Australia Queensland (DAQ), focus group participants sometimes create their own social media pages to stay in touch with each other outside of the official program delivery model. This is neither discouraged nor within the control of the facilitator or MH4L administrators. Being a form of self‐initiated social support, the creation of social media pages is viewed amiably by the MH4L program administrators. Should participants be concerned, they can raise the matter with the trained facilitator. Adherence to the program is monitored at each session by the facilitator. This is done by logging attendance and completion of the survey at the end of each session. The survey covers topics related to adherence to interventional strategies but also to the participant’s successes, barriers, feelings and overall program satisfaction. The surveys also serve as a feedback tool for facilitators and allow them to alter the session structure to suit the group better. The MH4L program also informs the participant’s GP about their progress. Participation in the intervention group is free to the participant. Incidental costs such as transportation to and from the focus group venue is not reimbursed. CONDITION: Obesity INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Patients who are obese (BMI greater than or equal to 30) 2. Patients currently or choosing IPC as their regular primary care clinic 3. Able and willing to regularly attend only IPC for obesity management 5. Age: 5a. 18 years or above for ATSI patients or 5b. 45 years or above for all other ethnicities or 5c. 18 years or above for obese patients diagnosed with any of the following: Facilitators for the My Health for Life program are trained in how to facilitate peer group sessions (see study protocol for further details). The facilitator training program is run by the MH4L program administrators (led by DAQ). It’s a face‐to‐face program which covers program content, delivery and behaviour change training. Prior to certification, the facilitator is assessed for their knowledge, understanding and general suitability to deliver the program. After training is complete, the facilitator must commence at least two separate MH4L support groups within 12 months. To remain as a certified facilitator, facilitators are required to attend an annual professional development day and run a minimum of two separate MH4L support groups per year. Prior medical or allied health qualifications are prerequisites for facilitators (example professions include exercise physiology, dietetics, aboriginal health work, nursing, occupational therapy, pharmacy, physiotherapy, etc.). At Inala Primary Care, the program is delivered by a registered nurse who has undergone and completed My Health for Life training. Hence, the intervention group for the study will be administered by a registered nurse (MH4L component) and also the patient’s regular GP at Inala Primary Care (IPC). Intervention fidelity is monitored by the program administrators via returned participant surveys. Overall study integrity (for example, monitoring for group cross‐over) is monitored by the Clinical Director and research coordinator at IPC. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Change in Body Mass Index utilising measures of weight (balance scale) and height (stadiometer) which are taken during a visit. Change in body weight using balance scale during a visit. Change in waist circumference using a measuring tape during a visit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Change in participant's Australian Diabetes Risk score (AUSDRISK), maintained by the Australian Department of Health. See http://www.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/chronic‐diab‐prev‐aus for more details. Change in participants Australian Absolute Cardiovascular Disease risk score which is calculated using the NVDPA (National Vascular Disease Prevention Alliance) web‐based calculator. See http://www.cvdcheck.org.au/ for more details. Number of participants falling in the 'normal range' (less than 1.8mmol/L for participants with CVD, diabetes or CKD, otherwise less than 2.5mmol/L) for blood low density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration (measured using established methods at an approved Medicare‐approved pathology laboratory). Number of participants falling within the 'normal range' (less than 2mmol/L) for blood triglycerides concentration (measured using established methods at an approved Medicare‐approved pathology laboratory). Number of participants with a healthy blood pressure of 120/80 to 139/89 mmHg as measured using either an electronic blood pressure monitor, aneroid (dial) or mercury sphygmomanometer (sitting position). Patient satisfaction using the validated PSQ‐18 (short form) survey. 4. Have any of the following: An AUSDRISK score greater than or equal to 12, an Australian Absolute Cardiovascular Risk score of greater than or equal to 15%, blood pressure of greater than 159 systolic or 99 diastolic, or any of Inclusion Criteria 5c. 5c(i). Familial hypercholesterolemia 5c(ii). High cholesterol (on medication) 5c(iii). Previous gestational diabetes mellitus. 5c(iv). Blood pressure of greater or equal to 140/90 in 3 separate readings recorded by their GP. 6. English speaking and literate
 POLYETHYLENE GLYCOL: DECREASING THE VOLUME DOES NOT COMPROMISE EFFECTIVENESS!;  Background: Success of colonoscopy is linked to the adequacy of bowel cleansing. Polyethylene glycol (PEG) solutions are widely used for colonic cleansing but with limitations concerning tolerability and acceptability. Plenvu® is the first PEG‐containing bowel preparation that requires only 1L of water for dissolution and ingestion. Aim: the aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of two low volume PEG preparations: Plenvu‐1L® versus Moviprep‐2L®. Secondary endpoint was to compare the patient’s satisfaction with the two bowel preparation regimens based on a validated questionnaire performed on the day of the colonoscopy that evaluated the tolerability and the occurrence of adverse effects. Methods: Single‐center, prospective, randomized, blinded study. Patients received either Plenvu‐1L or Moviprep‐2L (1:1). Exclusion criteria were: age <18 years, pregnant or breastfeeding women, diabetics, patients with gastric obstruction, psychiatric disorders, chronic kidney disease with clearance of creatinine <30 ml, heart failure class III‐IV NYHA, laxative drugs use, chronic constipation (<3 bowel movements/week), uncontrolled hypertension, bowel surgery or colostomy, ascites and bowel obstruction. All patients included were on a low fiber diet the day before colonoscopy and signed an informed consent to participate in this study. The study was authorized by the hospital's ethics committee. Results: After exclusion criteria, 449 patients were included, median age 59 (18‐86) years, 52.3% male, 50.3% (n=226) received Plenvu and 49.7% (n=223) Moviprep. Both groups were homogeneous regarding age, gender, co‐morbidities and medication. There were no differences between the groups regarding the rate of adequate bowel preparation (Boston Bowel Preparation Scale [BBPS] ≥6, with no subscore less than 2) (88.1%vs83%; p=0.125); Although there was a trend towards the Plenvu group presenting more frequently with excellent preparation (BBPS 8‐9), it did not reach statistical significance (60.6%vs51.6%;p=0.053). Moreover, patients on Plenvu group classified the flavor of the preparation as unpleasant more frequently (49.1%vs32.3%;p<0.001) and presented more frequently with nausea (43.8%vs32.3%;p=0.012) or vomit (20.4%vs11.2%;p=0.008). Although nearly half of patients found the preparation unpleasant, none discontinued, and the overall cleansing success was still achieved in these patients. Conclusion: Patients on Plenvu group presented more frequently an excellent quality of preparation compared to patients on Moviprep however, not statistically significant. High‐quality cleansing may become performance target for pre‐colonoscopy bowel preparation over other quality measures. Plenvu group reported more frequently unpleasant flavor and more adverse events (nausea and vomiting) but achieved overall cleansing success.
 Long-term effects of growth hormone (GH) treatment on body composition and bone mineral density in short children born small-for-gestational-age: six-year follow-up of a randomized controlled GH trial;  Context Alterations in the GH‐IGF‐I axis in short small‐for‐gestational‐age (SGA) children might be associated with abnormalities in bone mineral density (BMD) and body composition. In addition, birth weight has been inversely associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adult life. Data on detailed body composition in short SGA children and long‐term effects of GH treatment are very scarce. OBJECTIVE: To investigate effects of long‐term GH treatment on body composition and BMD by dual energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DXA) in short SGA children. DESIGN: Longitudinal 6‐year GH study with a randomized controlled part for 3 years. RESULTS: At baseline, fat percentage standard deviation score (SDS) and lumbar spine BMD SDS corrected for height (BMAD(LS) SDS) were significantly lower than zero. Lean body mass (LBM) SDS adjusted for age was also reduced, but LBM adjusted for height (LBM SDS(height)) was not decreased. GH treatment induced a decrease in fat percentage SDS and an increase in BMAD(LS) SDS. LBM SDS(height) remained similar in GH‐treated children, but deteriorated in untreated controls. When these untreated controls subsequently started GH treatment, their LBM SDS(height) rapidly normalized to values comparable with zero. CONCLUSION: During long‐term GH treatment in short SGA children, fat percentage SDS decreased and BMAD(LS) SDS increased. These effects of GH treatment were most prominent in children who started treatment at a younger age and in those with greater height gain during GH treatment. LBM SDS(height )remained around 0 SDS in GH‐treated children, but declined to low normal values in untreated controls.
 The effect of breathing exercise on the way of breathing of pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: In the intervention group, intervention are breathing retraining(1.nasal breathing 2.hold of breath 3.diaphragmatic breathing 4.pursed lip breathing 5.slow breathing with upper limb movement) Frequency:3 times per day Duration:15‐20 minutes Time:10 weeks Intervention 1: In the intervention group, intervention are breathing retraining(1.nasal breathing 2.hold of breath 3.diaphragmatic breathing 4.pursed lip breathing 5.slow breathing with upper limb movement) Frequency:3 times per day Duration:15‐20 minutes Time:10 weeks. Intervention 2: No intervention on control group. No intervention on control group Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Normal first pregnancy pregnancy. ; Normal first pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: End tidal CO2. Timepoint: Before intervention /10weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Capnograph. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Before intervention and 10 week after intervention. Method of measurement: Capnograph. Respiratory Rate. Timepoint: Before intervention and 10 week after intervention. Method of measurement: Capnography. Saturation O2. Timepoint: Before intervention and 10 week after intervention. Method of measurement: Capnograph. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: The first pregnancy experience, According to sonography of first trimester entering to the third trimester Exclusion criteria: History of respiratory disease, Cardiovascular disease, Diabetes and Psychological disorders, History of abortion or twins or disorder in fetus, every remedy related to pregnancy
 Effect of wet cuppingients on patients with metaboilque syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Control group: adminstration of diet Intervention 1: Interventional group: wet Cupping+diet. Intervention 2: Control group: adminstration of diet. Interventional group: wet Cupping+diet CONDITION: Metabolic syndrome. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Heat shock protein. Timepoint: 6 weeks. Method of measurement: blood test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Depression. Timepoint: 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Questionaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusoin criteria: patients with metabolic syndrome and aged 18 to 65 years old (male and female). Exclusion criteria: patients with systemic disorder, stroke, heart attack, type 1 diabete, secondory dyslipidemia, hemophili and pregnancy.
 Randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded study evaluating the effects of Pioglitazone on intima-media-thickness (IMT) of the carotid arteries measured by MRI in non-diabetic patients with confirmed arteriosclerosis;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Actos 45 mg Product Name: Pioglitazon Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Trade Name: Actos 30 mg Product Name: Pioglitazon Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Male or female non‐diabetic patients at an age between 30 and 79 years (inclusive) with a proven vascular disease defined as arteriosclerosis confirmed by presence of CAD, PAD or carotid plaques. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Exploration of possible differences in the effect on IMT (as the total vessel wall volume in MRI) of an add‐on‐therapy with pioglitazone versus placebo in non‐diabetic patients with confirmed arteriosclerosis in order to gain more detailed information and to generate valid hypotheses for further project planning. Primary end point(s): Analysis of the total vessel wall volume of the carotid bulbus/bifurcation (CB) determined with MRI after 24 months of study treatment compared to baseline (Visit 2; Day 1) Secondary Objective: Evaluation of relevant further efficacy, safety and tolerability parameters considering IMT‐measurements, MR‐angiography (patient subgroup), laboratory variables, vital signs and adverse events in non‐diabetic patients with confirmed arteriosclerosis under add‐on‐therapy with pioglitazone compared to placebo. ; In a selected subgroup of study patients defined as patients with proven significant (>50% stenosis) proximal coronary artery disease without ischemia (no invasive treatment with PTCA or stenting), a visualization of the coronary vessel status (MRI assessment of the vessel lumen and the vessel wall thickness) will be performed additionally by specific MR‐angiography. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Male or female patient at an age between 30 and 79 years (inclusive); the patient has a proven vascular disease defined as arteriosclerosis confirmed by the presence of CAD or PAD or carotid plaques; normal HbA1c (< 6%) plus normal fasting blood glucose (< 126 mg/dl) for 2 days prior to randomization (according to pre‐study routine laboratory investigations); negative pregnancy test on Study Day 0 (Visit 1) in women with childbearing potential; signed and dated written informed consent Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 DOUBLE BLIND, PARALLEL GROUP, MULTICENTRE STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFICACY AND TOLERABILITY OF CHF 1521 (FIXED COMBINATION OF MANIDIPINE AND DELAPRIL) VS LOSARTAN 50 MG AND HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE 12.5 MG IN TYPE 2 DIABETIC HYPERTENSIVE PATIENTS - MORE;  INTERVENTION: Product Code: CHF 1521 Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: Manidipine CAS Number: 120092‐68‐4 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ INN or Proposed INN: Delapril CAS Number: 83435‐66‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 30‐ Product Name: Hyzzar Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Losartan CAS Number: 114798‐26‐4 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 50‐ INN or Proposed INN: Hydrochlorothiazide CAS Number: 58‐93‐5 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 12,5‐ CONDITION: Essential Hypertension ; MedDRA version: 7.0 Level: PT Classification code 10015488 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To investigate the antihypertensive effects of a once daily fixed oral dose of CHF 1521 (delapril 30 mg and manidipine 10 mg, in combination), compared with once daily losartan 50 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg in combination, over a twelve week period, assessed by 24‐h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, in type 2 diabetic patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension . Primary end point(s): The primary efficacy parameter is the change from baseline (Day 0) to the end of the study (Day +84) in the 24‐hour mean SBP, measured by ABPM. Secondary Objective: # To investigate the antihypertensive effects of CHF 1521 compared with losartan 50 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 12,5 mg, over a twelve week period. assessed in trought blood pressure.; # To investigate the tolerability of CHF 1521 compared with losartan 50 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 12,5 mg, over a twelve week period, in type 2 diabetic patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension.; # To investigate the effects on microalbuminuria of CHF 1521, compared with losartan 50 mg and hydrochlorothiazide 12,5 mg, over a twelve months period, in a subgroup of 120 type 2 diabetic patients with mild to moderate essential and with microalbuminuria at the inclusion (NOT IN GERMANY) INCLUSION CRITERIA: To be included in this study, patients must satisfy the following criteria at the time points specified: At Visit 1 (Day ‐7): • Male or female > 45 years (females of child bearing potential must be using adequate contraceptive precautions) • Females of childbearing potential or within two years of the menopause must have a negative urine pregnancy test at enrolment visit • Patients are attending an out‐patient clinic visit • Type 2 diabetes controlled by diet and oral antidiabetic treatment (HbA1c < 7.5%). • Patients with mild to moderate uncomplicated essential hypertension with a trough mean sitting DBP >85 and <105 mmHg and SBP <160 mmHg • No evidence of significant cardiovascular disease other than hypertension in the opinion of the investigator • Written informed consent • Agreement to attend all study visits as planned in the protocol • Presence of persistent microalbuminuria (presence of
 The effect of saffron syrup on the labor pain intensity, anxiety and duration of labor;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 80 to 240 ml syrup (made by Yashil drug company, Aras) containing placebo of saffron and artificial sugar (Isonalt) in 240 ml syrup (identical in color, smell and taste with the saffron syrups. 80 ml of the syrup will be taken when cervical dilation is around 3 to 4 cm and there are at least 3 uterine contractions in 10 minutes lasting for 45 to 60 seconds. It will be repeated every two hours for maximum three doses considering pain intensity, uterine contraction, and pattern of fetal heart. Intervention 1: The first intervention group: 80 to 240 ml syrup (made by Yashil drug company, Aras)containing 750 mg saffron and 200 mg of sugar palms in 240 ml syrup. 80 ml of the syrup will be taken when cervical dilation is around 3 to 4 cm and there are at least 3 uterine contractions in 10 minutes lasting for 45 to 60 seconds. It will be repeated every two hours for maximum three doses considering pain intensity, uterine contraction, and pattern of fetal heart rate. Intervention 2: The second intervention group: 80 to 240 ml syrup (made by Yashil drug company, Aras) containing 750 mg saffron and artificial sugar (Isonalt) in 240 ml syrup. 80 ml of the syrup will be taken when cervical dilation is around 3 to 4 cm and there are at least 3 uterine contractions in 10 minutes lasting for 45 to 60 seconds. It will be repeated every two hours for maximum three doses considering pain intensity, uterine contraction, and pattern of fetal heart rate. Intervention 3: Control group: 80 to 240 ml syrup (made by Yashil drug company, Aras) containing placebo of saffron and artificial sugar (Isonalt) in 240 ml syrup (identical in color, smell and taste with the saffron syrups. 80 ml of the syrup will be taken when cervical dilation is around 3 to 4 cm and there are at least 3 uterine contractions in 10 minutes lasting for 45 to 60 seconds. It will be repeated every two hours for maximum three doses considering pain intensity, uterine contraction, and pattern of fetal heart. The first intervention group: 80 to 240 ml syrup (made by Yashil drug company, Aras)containing 750 mg saffron and 200 mg of sugar palms in 240 ml syrup. 80 ml of the syrup will be taken when cervical dilation is around 3 to 4 cm and there are at least 3 uterine contractions in 10 minutes lasting for 45 to 60 seconds. It will be repeated every two hours for maximum three doses considering pain intensity, uterine contraction, and pattern of fetal heart rate. The second intervention group: 80 to 240 ml syrup (made by Yashil drug company, Aras) containing 750 mg saffron and artificial sugar (Isonalt) in 240 ml syrup. 80 ml of the syrup will be taken when cervical dilation is around 3 to 4 cm and there are at least 3 uterine contractions in 10 minutes lasting for 45 to 60 seconds. It will be repeated every two hours for maximum three doses considering pain intensity, uterine contraction, and pattern of fetal heart rate. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Normal labor and delivery. ; Spontaneous vertex delivery Spontaneous vertex delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Intensity of anxiety. Timepoint: at baseline, 3 to 4 hours after starting intervention, and 18 to 24 postpartum. Method of measurement: Spielberger state questionnaire and visual analogue scale for anexity. Severity of labor pain. Timepoint: every one hour from about 3 cm cervical dilation to the end of the second stage of labor; one and 18 to 24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: visual analogue scale (VAS) for pain. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Amount of oxytocin used. Timepoint: during the intervention. Method of measurement: observation. Duration of first stage of labor (active phase). Timepoint: from 4 cm to 10 cm cervical dilatation. Method of measurement: Partogramm form. Duration of second stage of labor. Timepoint: from 10 cm cervical dilation to delivery. Method of measurement: Partogramm form. Duration of third stage of labor. Timepoint: immediately after birth to expultion of placenta and fetal membranes. Method of measurement: Partogramm form. Hematocrit. Timepoint: at baseline and 18 to 24 hours after birth. Method of measurement: labratory test. Hemoglobin. Timepoint: at baseline and 18 to 24 hours after birth. Method of measurement: labratory test. Newborn bilirubin. Timepoint: 18 to 24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Billi Check device. Score of delivery experience. Timepoint: 18 to 24 hour after delivery. Method of measurement: delivery experience questionnaire. Woman satisfaction rate. Timepoint: 18 to 24 hour after delivery. Method of measurement: one question with likert options. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: aged 18 to 35 years; nulliparous; gestational age of 38 to 41 weeks; spontaneous onset of labor; singleton pregnancy with estimated fetal weight of 2500 to 4000 grams and cephalic presentation; no use of any herbal and anti anxiety drugs in the past 12 hours; reactive non stress test; body mass index of 19.8 to 30 kg/m²; having 8 years education or higher. Exclusion criteria: history of surgery on the uterus, cervix or vagina; allergy to saffron; known chronic diseases including hypertension, diabetes, diseases of the respiratory, cardiovascular, endocrine, etc.; history of mental illnesses; speech, hearing, visual or mental problems; known indications for caesarean section; premature rupture of membranes for more than 12 hours; any known fetal abnormalities; known fetal growth retardation
 Comparison of Diet with Yoga accompanying Diet on body Metabolism in Obese people;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Diet Intervention 1: Intervention group: Yoga and diet. Intervention 2: Control group: Diet. Intervention group: Yoga and diet Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: 0besity due to excesscalories Obesity. ; 0besity due to excesscalories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Basal Metabolic Rate. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Indirect calorie meter. Leptin. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). INCLUSION CRITERIA: age30‐55 Female 25<BMI Failure to follow a continuous exercise program Lack of Pregnancy, lactation and menopause Lack of Hypertension, Diabetes, Coronary artery Disease, stroke, thyroid disorders, Mental disorders Lack of weight loss over 5% in the last 6 months Failure to follow a special Diet plan Non‐use of statin drugs, beta‐blockers, fluorescent Drugs Lack of unhealthy weight
 36 Stop the Vomit: haloperidol as a Superior First-line Antiemetic;  Study Objectives: Nausea and vomiting are common chief complaints when presenting to the emergency department (ED). Ondansetron has become a first‐line antiemetic in the ED due to perceived efficacy, safety, and low risk of adverse side‐effects despite a lack of substantive evidence of superiority. Haloperidol is a typical antipsychotic medication, acting as a dopamine (D2) antagonist that has efficacy in treating nausea, vomiting, and headache in a variety of ED conditions including migraine headache, cannabis hyperemesis syndrome and diabetic gastroparesis. Our objective is to evaluate the efficacy of haloperidol and ondansetron on undifferentiated nausea and vomiting in ED patients. Secondary outcomes include comparisons of analgesic effects, QT prolongation, efficacy in cannabis users, and adverse side‐effects. Methods: This study is a randomized, double‐blind, non‐inferiority trial of patients aged 18‐55 between April 2021 and March 2022. A convenience sampling of patients meeting inclusion criteria were randomly assigned to either the haloperidol or ondansetron groups. Patients were excluded if any of the following were present: abnormal blood pressure (>200/100mmHg or <90/40mmHg), fever (>100.4F), acute trauma, QT > 450ms on cardiac monitor, altered mental status (GCS < 15), chest pain, allergy to haloperidol or ondansetron, Parkinson's disease, pregnancy or lactation, use of any antiemetic in the previous 8 hours, nausea and vomiting associated with vertigo, prisoners or any wards of the state. Patients were randomized to receive either 2.5mg of haloperidol intravenous (IV) or 4mg IV ondansetron. Symptoms were evaluated at time of enrollment and at 30‐, 60‐, and 90‐minutes post‐treatment using a validated Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) with side‐effects evaluated concurrently. QT interval was evaluated at enrollment and 90 minutes post‐ treatment. After 90 minutes, all further treatment was determined by the primary ED physician at their discretion. Patients were contacted after 24 hours to collect follow‐up data. Alpha value was set at 0.025 and all results showing non‐inferiority were tested for superiority. Results: Of 384 patients evaluated for inclusion, 312 were excluded due to screening criteria and 48 completed the study. 22 patients were randomized to haloperidol and 26 to ondansetron. Background data, initial nausea, and initial pain scores were statistically similar between groups at enrollment. Haloperidol was found to be superior to ondansetron in treatment of nausea at 90 minutes (p= 0.0178) with reduction in median nausea VAS of 6.5 (7 to 0.5) compared to 3 (6 to 3) in the ondansetron group. Haloperidol was also found to be superior to ondansetron in treatment of abdominal pain at 90 minutes (p = 0.0006) with reduction in median VAS pain score of 5 (5 to 0) compared to 2.5 (6 to 3.5). No difference in QT interval change was found between haloperidol and ondansetron groups (p=0.45). Haloperidol was not found to be superior to ondansetron in reducing nausea in cannabis users (p = 0.0385) at 90 minutes post‐treatment. Conclusion: This study presents novel data that haloperidol 2.5mg IV is effective and superior to ondansetron at treating nausea and pain in undifferentiated adult patients in the emergency department. This study also shows that there is no difference in QT prolongation among the two medications. [Formula presented] No, authors do not have interests to disclose
 Effect of Salvia Officinalis ointment on postpartum depression;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: First intervention group: This group will contain of 77 healthy pregnant females. The cream will give them with the Polianthes tuberosa aromas that used in cream production. (Creams has made by doctor Kamali Nezhad in Shahid Beheshti pharmacy college). Females who had childbirth, will use this cream into massage their face and hands for two weeks after childbirth. instruction (: twice in a day for 10‐15 minute on face and hands). Intervention 2: Second intervention group:Including 77 pregnant women with normal pregnancy,They were given the placebo ointment(The ointments were made by Dr. Kamali Nejad at Shahid Beheshti University of Pharmacy),the delivery women were given the ointment,Postpartum women applied the ointment through massage for 2 weeks after delivery(BD for 10‐15 minutes on their hands and face). Intervention 3: Control group: This group will contain of 154 healthy pregnant females. Some education will give them that are contain: Routine education of preparation for childbirth class, pregnancy care, prenatal health , pregnancy mental health, postpartum care, postpartum mental health, infant care , neonatal risk symptoms, postnatal risk symptoms , breastfeeding education, The effect of medicinal plants on pregnancy and childbirth , disadvantages and benefits of plant on pregnancy and childbirth, postpartum depression and influence of medical plant and its perfume on postpartum depression and etc. Educational meeting will hold in groups. The educations will be as speech and ask and answer from patients (face to face education) and show the educational film, also in this educational meeting will give them pamphlets about abstract of educations. CONDITION: Postpartum Depression. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Eddinburg depression score. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study, completion of the Edinburgh questionnaire during the 28th to 32nd weeks of pregnancy, then after entering the study, and after training, filled out the Behavior change planning template questionnaire With the effect of polianthes tuberosa ointment. Method of measurement: The Edinburgh Depression Inventory and the Asked Questionnaire on herbal remedy and the Behavior change planning template questionnaire With the effect of polianthes tuberosa ointment. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Postpartum depression score after training and Apply polianthes tuberosa ointment. Timepoint: The effect of ointment on postpartum depression from the third day postpartum to the 14th postpartum is evaluated. Method of measurement: Edinburgh questionnaire 10 questions. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Healthy pregnancy All pregnant women are healthy, regardless of their parity Wanting pregnancy The absence of underlying diseases in the mother (diabetes, blood pressure, cardiovascular, etc.) No drug addiction to pregnant mothers Mothers who are willing to attend maternity classes Mothers who attend pre‐natal classes. Singleton pregnancy No previous depression Age group 18‐35 Pregnant women 28‐32 weeks Maternal mothers who live with their wives (not divorced or widowed and do not have a new marriage). No history of infertility
 Biological and behavioral pathways from prenatal depression to offspring cardiometabolic risk: testing the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis;  Given prior literature focused on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease framework, there is strong rationale to hypothesize that reducing depression in the prenatal period will cause improvements in offspring cardiometabolic health. The current review outlines evidence that prenatal depression is associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk and health behaviors. We review evidence of these associations in humans and in nonhuman animals at multiple developmental periods, from the prenatal period (maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), neonatal period (preterm birth, small size at birth), infancy (rapid weight gain), childhood and adolescence (high blood pressure, impaired glucose‐insulin homeostasis, unfavorable lipid profiles, abdominal obesity), and into adulthood (diabetes, cardiovascular disease). In addition to these cardiometabolic outcomes, we focus on health behaviors associated with cardiometabolic risk, such as child eating behaviors, diet, physical activity, and sleep health. Our review focuses on child behaviors (e.g., emotional eating, preference for highly palatable foods, short sleep duration) and parenting behaviors (e.g., pressuring child to eat, modeling of health behaviors). These changes in health behaviors may be detected before changes to cardiometabolic outcomes, which may allow for early identification of and prevention for children at risk for poor adult cardiometabolic outcomes. We also discuss the methods of the ongoing Care Project, which is a randomized clinical trial to test whether reducing prenatal maternal depression improves offspring's cardiometabolic health and health behaviors in preschool. The goal of this review and the Care Project are to inform future research, interventions, and policies that support prenatal mental health and offspring cardiometabolic health. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved).
 Episiotomy wound healing;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 10 cc povidone iodine solution 10%, three tablespoons in four glasses of water, manufactured by Samen Pharmaceutical Co., was sprinkled on episiotomy wound by a sterile syringe, three times a day for ten days Intervention 1: Intervention group: 10 cc saline normal (9 in 1000 cc), manufactured by Samen Pharmaceutical Co., was sprinkled on episiotomy wound by a sterile syringe, three times a day for ten days. Intervention 2: Control group: 10 cc povidone iodine solution 10%, three tablespoons in four glasses of water, manufactured by Samen Pharmaceutical Co., was sprinkled on episiotomy wound by a sterile syringe, three times a day for ten days. Intervention group: 10 cc saline normal (9 in 1000 cc), manufactured by Samen Pharmaceutical Co., was sprinkled on episiotomy wound by a sterile syringe, three times a day for ten days Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Episiotomy Wound Healing. ; Pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium O00, O99 Pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy wound healing. Timepoint: The third, seventh and tenth days during treatment. Method of measurement: Rate of healing. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Edema, inflammation and redness. Timepoint: The third, seventh and tenth during treatment. Method of measurement: Reeda score. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: full term pregnancy, singelton pregnancy with normal vaginal delivery, spontaneous placenta removal, PROM less than 18 hours, no illnesses that affect wound healing such as: cardiac, pulmonary, kidney disease, diabetes, anemia, coagolopathy and malnutrition Exclusion criteria: require to any antibiotics or immunosuppressive drugs during the study, change in location, not coming on the examination date and cases have not been instructed the plan of study
 Comparison of acetaminophen and pethidine in labor pain reduction;  INTERVENTION: Control group: who is receiving 1000 mg of acetaminophen injection in 100 cc of lactate ringer serum during 15 min, and at the same time, injection 5 cc of distilled water in angiocath during 2 min. Intervention 1: Control group: who is receiving 1000 mg of acetaminophen injection in 100 cc of lactate ringer serum during 15 min, and at the same time, injection 5 cc of distilled water in angiocath during 2 min. Intervention 2: Intervention group: who is receiving 5 mg injection of pethidine diluted in 5 cc distilled water during 2 min, and simultaneously, 100 cc lactated Ringer’s solution will be injected with Micro Drape during 15 minutes. Intervention group: who is receiving 5 mg injection of pethidine diluted in 5 cc distilled water during 2 min, and simultaneously, 100 cc lactated Ringer’s solution will be injected with Micro Drape during 15 minutes. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: pregnant women. ; Supervision of normal pregnancy Supervision of normal pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain level. Timepoint: Before and 15 min, 30 min, 1 h, 2 h, 3 h, and 4 h after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS score. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Term pregnancy, request for pain relief; singleton pregnancy with cephalic presentation; no growth impairment or fetal abnormalities. Exclusion criteria: Medical history of diseases (hepatic, renal, cardiovascular, or respiratory diseases, preeclampsia, diabetes, addiction, allergy to acetaminophen and drug abuse, and G6PD deficiency); need for induction; fetal distress; history of cesarean section.
 A randomized clinical trial comparing the effect of methylprednisolone and dexamethasone pulse in the control of rheumatoid arthritis flare up;  INTERVENTION: dexamethasone 120mg/d IV for 3 days Intervention 1: methylprednisolone 1gr/d IV for 3 days. Intervention 2: dexamethasone 120mg/d IV for 3 days. methylprednisolone 1gr/d IV for 3 days Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Rheumatoid arthritis, unspecified Rheumatoid arthritis. ; Rheumatoid arthritis, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Disease activity. Timepoint: 1 month. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Complications of treatment. Timepoint: daily for 3 days. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: DAS28>5.2 Exclusion criteria: Congestive heart failure; active infection; hypokalemia (K+<3.5); systolic BP>180 or diastolic BP>100; diabetes; pregnancy
 The effect of exercise in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Twelve week aerobic exercise in intervention group. Intervention 2: The control group did not participate in the exercise program. The control group did not participate in the exercise program Twelve week aerobic exercise in intervention group CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome Polycystic Ovary Syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood Prolactin. Timepoint: Before and after of intervention. Method of measurement: By method of chemoluminescence using Liaison kit. Blood Testosterone. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: By Elisa kit of ROTH. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age range 16 to 40 years; body mass index less than 20 and more than 25; at least two of the symptoms of PCOS; no ovulation or oligomenorrhea; hirsutism (above 8) and clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism; Exclusion criteria: Patients undergoing treatment for menstrual disorders; antiepileptic drugs; contraceptives; pregnancy or weight loss drugs; those with hepatitis; pulmonary‐cardiac disorders; diabetes; pregnancy; hypo‐and hyperthyroidism Cushing's syndrome and adrenal hyperplasia.
 A clinical and economic evaluation of Control of Hyperglycaemia in Paediatric intensive care (CHiP): a randomised controlled trial;  BACKGROUND: Early research in adults admitted to intensive care suggested that tight control of blood glucose during acute illness can be associated with reductions in mortality, length of hospital stay and complications such as infection and renal failure. Prior to our study, it was unclear whether or not children could also benefit from tight control of blood glucose during critical illness. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine if controlling blood glucose using insulin in paediatric intensive care units (PICUs) reduces mortality and morbidity and is cost‐effective, whether or not admission follows cardiac surgery. DESIGN: Randomised open two‐arm parallel group superiority design with central randomisation with minimisation. Analysis was on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Following random allocation, care givers and outcome assessors were no longer blind to allocation. SETTING: The setting was 13 English PICUs. PARTICIPANTS: Patients who met the following criteria were eligible for inclusion: ≥ 36 weeks corrected gestational age; ≤ 16 years; in the PICU following injury, following major surgery or with critical illness; anticipated treatment > 12 hours; arterial line; mechanical ventilation; and vasoactive drugs. Exclusion criteria were as follows: diabetes mellitus; inborn error of metabolism; treatment withdrawal considered; in the PICU > 5 consecutive days; and already in CHiP (Control of Hyperglycaemia in Paediatric intensive care). INTERVENTION: The intervention was tight glycaemic control (TGC): insulin by intravenous infusion titrated to maintain blood glucose between 4.0 and 7.0 mmol/l. CONVENTIONAL MANAGEMENT (CM): This consisted of insulin by intravenous infusion only if blood glucose exceeded 12.0 mmol/l on two samples at least 30 minutes apart; insulin was stopped when blood glucose fell below 10.0 mmol/l. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was the number of days alive and free from mechanical ventilation within 30 days of trial entry (VFD‐30). The secondary outcomes comprised clinical and economic outcomes at 30 days and 12 months and lifetime cost‐effectiveness, which included costs per quality‐adjusted life‐year. CONCLUSIONS: CHiP found no differences in the clinical or cost‐effectiveness of TGC compared with CM overall, or for prespecified subgroups. A higher proportion of the TGC arm had hypoglycaemia. This study did not provide any evidence to suggest that PICUs should stop providing CM for children admitted to PICUs following cardiac surgery. For the subgroup not admitted for cardiac surgery, TGC reduced average costs at 12 months and is likely to be cost‐effective. Further research is required to refine the TGC protocol to minimise the risk of hypoglycaemic episodes and assess the long‐term health benefits of TGC. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN61735247. FUNDING: This project was funded by the NIHR Health Technology Assessment programme and will be published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 18, No. 26. See the NIHR Journals Library website for further project information. RESULTS: CHiP recruited from May 2008 to September 2011. In total, 19,924 children were screened and 1369 eligible patients were randomised (TGC, 694; CM, 675), 60% of whom were in the cardiac surgery stratum. The randomised groups were comparable at trial entry. More children in the TGC than in the CM arm received insulin (66% vs. 16%). The mean VFD‐30 was 23 [mean difference 0.36; 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.42 to 1.14]. The effect did not differ among prespecified subgroups. Hypoglycaemia occurred significantly more often in the TGC than in the CM arm (moderate, 12.5% vs. 3.1%; severe, 7.3% vs. 1.5%). Mean 30‐day costs were similar between arms, but mean 12‐month costs were lower in the TGC than in CM arm (incremental costs ‐£3620, 95% CI ‐£7743 to £502). For the non‐cardiac surgery stratum, mean costs were lower in the TGC than in the CM arm (incremental cost ‐£9865, 95% CI ‐£18,558 to ‐£1172), but, in the cardiac surgery stratum, the costs were similar between the arms (incremental cost £133, 95% CI ‐£3568 to £3833). Lifetime incremental net benefits were positive overall (£3346, 95% CI ‐£11,203 to £17,894), but close to zero for the cardiac surgery stratum (‐£919, 95% CI ‐£16,661 to £14,823). For the non‐cardiac surgery stratum, the incremental net benefits were high (£11,322, 95% CI ‐£15,791 to £38,615). The probability that TGC is cost‐effective is relatively high for the non‐cardiac surgery stratum, but, for the cardiac surgery subgroup, the probability that TGC is cost‐effective is around 0.5. Sensitivity analyses showed that the results were robust to a range of alternative assumptions.
 The Effect of mizaj based â€“ Traditional medicine education on Sexual Dysfunction;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: The intervention group will receive training sessions based on their mizaj. 4 90 ‐minute sessions will be held at one week interval .At the end of each session, educational pamphlets are given to the participants. Intervention 2: Control group: The control group will receive one session training during the study about the individual health and after the end of the study, in order to ethical considerations, the control group will be received a training session based on the type of mizaj in addition to educational pamphlets. CONDITION: Type 2 diabetes. ; Abnormal glucose PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sexual function. Timepoint: Before, immediately and eight weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: For evaluation of sexual function, the Persian version of the Women's Sexual Function Index (FSFI) will be used. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women with type 2 Diabetes Age 20‐55 years Marriage at least one year ago Living with partner Lack of polygamy Duration of diabetes more than 6 months and lack advanced diabetes complications (renal failure with creatinine greater than 1.5, severe autonomic neuropathy affecting sexual function, visual impairment, advanced vascular disorders HbA1C 6.5% ‐ 8.5% Non‐temporary marriage Body mass index between 20‐35 kg/m2 No severe marital conflicts No smoking, no alcohol and tobacco consumption No pregnancy and lactation Lack of menopause Not using the medication effective on sexual function (antihistamines, barbiturates, amphetamines, narocotases, benzodiazepines, hallucinogens, SSRIs, antipsychotics and clomipyramines from the TCA group No hormone Therapy (estrogen and progesterone) No history of uncontrolled thyroid disorders Stroke and cardiovascular disease, cancer, acute liver failure, seizure, acute psychiatric disor
 Menstruatie(stoornissen) in de puberteit: het vervolg;  INTERVENTION: Questionnaire CONDITION: Menstrual cycle, Menstrual cycle (irregularities), Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) ; ; PRIMARY OUTCOME: To estimate the predictive value of menstrual cycle pattern in adolescence (age 15‐18 years) and presentation of polycystic ovary syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome related subfertility, diabetes type II and cardiovascular health problems in adulthood. SECONDARY OUTCOME: To estimate the predictive value of various combinations of menstrual cycle pattern, clinical and/or biochemical signs of hyperandrogenism and ultrasound pattern of the ovaries in adolescence (age 15‐18 years) for ; ; ‐ Menstrual cycle pattern/disturbances in adulthood ; ; ‐ Fertility history/performance/treatment ; ; ‐ Time to pregnancy, outcome of pregnancies ; ; ‐ Metabolic and cardiovascular health problems/risk factors ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants of Original POMP study.
 Growth, Risks of Allergy and Metabolic Syndrome in 6 Year Old Children Born Preterm Compared to Postdischarge Nutrition;  Project background: The study is based on a follow‐up of a cohort of very preterm infants born before week 32, as at discharge from the neonatal departments were randomized to a protein supplement or not while breastfeeding after discharge. If the preterm child was not breastfed, it received a premature infant formula after discharge. Since we have three groups of prematures, which are fed differently after discharge, it is useful to follow up at 6 years of age and specifically examine the following areas: Metabolic syndrome: Unlike the past, the survival rate of very preterm infants is now high. Most is expected to survive. The question is the extent to which these children have increased morbidity compared with children born at term, and their quality of life is affected by the fact that they are born prematurely. There has previously been shown a link between children born SGA and later development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, ischemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disasters. Too rapid catch‐up growth also increases the possible risk of developing metabolic syndrome in the mature child. The question is whether this is also the case in children born prematurely and whether the risk is the same. The problem is just that you want to provide them with adequate amino acids for protein synthesis, as they approach the growth of peers fetuses and also ensure the development of the brain with essential fatty acids, but maybe they can not tolerate a too rapid "catch‐up" ‐ growth. A study comparing preterm born children aged 4‐10 years with mature children born of the same age found that the group with preterm births had increased systolic and diastolic blood pressure and higher insulin levels. This was true regardless of whether the children were born SGA and AGA at birth. This concluded that there were metabolic abnormalities in preterm similar to those found in children born at term but SGA. The same article mentions the concept of "fetal programming". This covers a hypothesis which suggests that a fetus at risk in the uterus will adapt best to survive, and this adjustment will be permanent. The same team has published an article, which have found impaired insulin sensitivity in preterm infants (SGA and AGA) compared to mature AGA children. Insulin sensitivity is greatest in the mature AGA. Next comes the mature SGA and eventually the premature. To show the importance of this area, they point out that out of those who have diabetes mellitus type 2, 35% has had low birth weight. In trying to find a way it will be interesting, and very relevant, to see if diet the first months of life have an impact on these metabolic complications later in life. Allergy: The first study mentioned above studied also the appearance of wheezing. This was done using spirometry. The result was that the lifetime risk of preterm births was 43% for developing wheezing, while it was only 17% in mature births. Besides wheezing low GA at birth was associated with decreased lung capacity, reduced forced vital capacity (FVC) and forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and asthma. A relevant question is whether children develop these respiratory symptoms solely on the basis that they are born preterm or nutritional type influences the risk of its development. Growth and catch‐up: Hypotheses: ‐ Nutrition after discharge does affect premature children's growth in the first years of life. ‐ Catch‐up growth proceeds after 1 year of age. ‐ The growth pattern for prematures born SGA is different from prematures born AGA. ‐ Premature children fed with a preterm formula have an extended risk for developing metabolic syndrome on basis of excessive growth the first months of life. ‐ It is possible that premature SGA children have greater risks of developing metabolic syndrome on the basis of excessive growth the first month of life. It is unknown whether preterms are at increased risk of developing allergic symptoms. Breastfeeding reduces the risk of developing allergic diseases, while cow milk‐based infant formulas increase the risk. The preterm infants in this study completed during hospitalization with fortifier containing cow's milk protein, and the preterm infant formula is cow milk based. It is therefore interesting to see if there is an increased incidence of allergic symptoms in one of the groups. An article formed on the basis of a study of two groups of children, one group consisted of children with a birth weight less than 1500 g, and the second group consisted of children with a birth weight over 2500 g, describes that there was no difference in the incidence of atopy. Another study studied the incidence of food allergies in an area of 13,980 children, and found that 4.23 % were diagnosed with this at the age of six. There was no difference in the incidence of categorization in GA. Some studies have gradually studied prematurely born children's growth compared to some control children ‐ especially in the first period after discharge from the neonatal units. As we know, human milk has the best composition in relation to children's needs. There has been made a study on nutrition of preterms with human milk against fortified human milk which states that those who get pure milk, are at greatest risk of malnutrition by discharge and that it is a good strategy to provide breast milk multinutrient enrichment. In the study mothers milked out half of their daily quantity for enrichment. Though, they request long‐term studies to determine the long‐term effects of it. Other studies have followed prematurely born children up to 20 years of age and 11 years of age and were compared with a control group of normal weight, not preterm births. Outcome was height, weight, BMI. In one case also head circumference. One study concludes that all very low birthweight children (VLBW) were smaller than the control group. In particular SGA boys were smaller. The second study concluded that extremely immature children have poor growth in early childhood, but they have catch‐up until 11 years of age. All prematures remain less than the control group. A comparison of both nutrition after discharge and follow‐up beyond 1 year of age will be very interesting to be able to optimize nutrition and growth of extremely premature infants, both AGA and SGA. ‐ There is no increase in allergies between prematures, who was fed with premature formula or enriched mothers milk before and after discharge compared with mothers milk without enrichment. ‐ Fat mass and lean mass vary among prematures depending on the nutrition the first month after discharge. Purpose of the project: 1. Investigate whether there are long‐term effect on growth after cessation of enrichment of breast milk in 2, 3 and 6 years of age. 2. Examine the relationship between protein intake to 4 months of age (corrected) and blood pressure, HbA1c and serum cholesterol by 6 years of age. 3. Uncover the incidence of allergy symptoms from the eyes and nose, skin, stomach / intestinal and respiratory tract incl affected lung function in children born prematurely. 4. Elucidate whether there is an increased risk of metabolic syndrome in children born prematurely and nourished in different ways. 5. Investigate whether preterms have different fat distribution and nutrition up to 4 months corrected age affect them. 6. Illuminate catch‐up growth in children born prematurely and up to 6 years of age. Planned studies: 1. Weight, height, head circumference, blood pressure 2. Registration of any allergy symptoms and airway symptoms. 3. Blood tests for diabetes, screening for metabolic syndrome and allergies. A dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan is a study that reveals body composition of bone, muscle and fat. A study of whether the scanning can be used to detect body composition, concluded that DEXA is a good tool for this. It is a quick (minutes) survey that provides minimal radiation, and it is interesting because a scan of the 3 groups in this project will elucidate whether there is a difference in body composition and thus whether a nutritional type provides better basis for the best growth. The same study, which was built on an RCT (randomized controlled trial) of 33 children with GA less than 35 weeks and a birth weight below 1,750 grams who received either 1) standard replacement or 2) enriched compensation for 2 months after discharge, found no difference in body composition or weight gain. It calls for larger studies with longer follow‐up. Another study, just as this PhD project, divide the children into several groups depending on Nutrition (1: enriched substitute 2: standard replacement 3: human breast milk), found by DEXA scanning at 6 months of age, group 1 had lower fat mass and group 3 had lower lean (muscle) mass and higher fat mass. So, there is a difference in body composition depending on nutrition. It may sound logical, but will it affect children later in life? ‐ and if so, in what way? From the above examples of previous studies, one can conclude that the optimal nutrition of preterms is under development and there is a continued lack of clarification of how preterm infants grow after discharge and whether one type of nutrition is better. 4. Questionaires to investigate allergy symptoms. 5. A dexa scan to see the body composition of fat, muscle and bone. Randomization: The children were randomized when they could eat (breast or bottle) at gestational age 34‐42. Twins and triplets were randomly assigned to the same group. At randomization an impartial person in the department the child was hospitalized in, pulled an envelope with information on what kind of nutrition, the child should have after discharge and up to 4 months of corrected age. Statistics: Originally, there were strength calculations prior to randomization in the project. This showed that there were needed 85 children in each feeding group. A total of 320 children in the original project were enrolled. However, there has been a waiver until 1 year of age, and there are 278 children remaining to follow‐up. Wilcoxon rank‐sum test or t‐test for continuous variables, and if categorical variables chi2test will be used to compare the nutritional groups. Multiple logistic regression models will be used to compare the clinical relevant variables that have possible influence on the growth of various dietary groups. Growth will be analyzed from Z‐score and delta z‐score and will be calculated from a relevant reference for comparing nutritional groups growth. Allergy risks and metabolic syndrome will be calculated using the above methods and odds ratio. Project Period: From 2004 ‐ 2008 there were formed three groups of preterm children at clinical randomization. A Ph.D. dissertation was made subsequently dealing with preterm growth up to 1 year of age, nutrition and composition of breast milk of mothers of preterm babies. Between the ages of 2 and 3 years, children have come to control for a follow‐up Ph.D. The children become 6 years from July 2010 ‐ 2014, where they also will be invited to a follow‐up check on the current Ph.D. project. The children will be followed up in their respective departments / hospitals in Kolding, Skejby, Holbæk and Odense. Ethical considerations: For inclusion in the randomized controlled study parents signed an acceptance which included follow‐up at 6 years of age. The initial randomized controlled study was approved by the Ethics Committee 1 July 2004 (J. Nr.VF20030208). As part of the 6‐year follow‐up, there is added and approved Protocol 1‐8. In addition, permission from the Data Inspectorate of the original project with change in 2007 (J. No 2007‐41‐1349) is extended until 2016.
 Efficacy of implementation of Orem self care program on migraine- related disability of migraine headache patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group: Implementation of Self Care Programs for three months. Intervention 2: The Control group: no action. Lifestyle The Control group: no action The intervention group: Implementation of Self Care Programs for three months CONDITION: Migraine migraine. ; Migraine PRIMARY OUTCOME: Migraine disability. Timepoint: three mounth. Method of measurement: MIDAS Qestionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of migraine based on International headache indices by a physician, Ability of reading and writing, Age 55‐18 years Exclusion criteria: unwilling to cooperate,Pregnancy, menopause, History of psychiatric disorders, History of other diseases such as asthma, diabetes, cardiovascular, or hypertension, health personnels
 The relationship between hemoglobin umbilical cord blood at birth and developmental status at 4 months age;  INTERVENTION: Groups:Clamping the umblical cord since birth 90‐120 seconds Intervention 1: The control group:Clamping the umbilical cord of newborns lees than 60 seconds. Intervention 2: Groups:Clamping the umblical cord since birth 90‐120 seconds. Prevention The control group:Clamping the umbilical cord of newborns lees than 60 seconds. CONDITION: The amount of hemoglobin in the newborn’s blood. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hemoglobin. Timepoint: Immediately after birth. Method of measurement: Umbilical Cord Blood. The development of infants. Timepoint: At the age of 4 months. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Complications of neonatal period (jaundice,infections,death,hospitalization. Timepoint: 4 months. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Iranian citizens, 18‐35 years of age, given birth to four or fewer children, no history of known medical problems at present and during pregnancy such as diabetes, cardiovascular, renal, pulmonary or autoimmune diseases; no history of problems during pregnancy including preeclampsia, placental abruption, polyhydramnios; no history of known congenital abnormalities in the mother’s or the husband’s families; the recent childbirth without using forceps or vacuum; the recent delivery not a drawn‐out one accompanied by complications such as bleeding and/or dystocia or by prolonged labor; pregnancy duration of exactly 38 weeks. Inclusion criteria for breast‐fed infants: born in a single pregnancy; Apgar scores at birth not lower than seven; no history of reduced fetal growth; birth weight more than 2500 grams; healthy at their entry into the research (as confirmed by the physician at the center). Exclusion criteria: Inclusion crite
 Effects of physical exercise and the use of nutritional supplement on overweight, hypertension and diabetes;  INTERVENTION: VS2.002.001.005 Dietary supplement G07.203.300.456 J02.500.456 VS2.001.001.003.001.001 Group with supplement: 42 women received capsules containing 500 mg of Curcumin, which were administered orally, once a day, preferably 30 minutes before lunch or dinner, during 90 days. Placebo group: 38 women received capsules containing 500 mg of starch, placebo substance, which were administered orally,once a day, preferably 30 minutes before lunch or dinner, during 90 days. This group was used as control. CONDITION: C18.452.394.750 C19.246 C18.452.584.500 Dyslipidemias, diabetes ; C18.452.584.500 ; C18.452.394.750 C19.246 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improves cardiovascular risk factors after 90 days of supplementation with Curcumin capsules, verified by biochemical tests and data analysis of body composition, from finding a variation of at least 5% in the measurements before and after intervention. Reducing body fat percentage, after administration of Curcumin capsules, during the period of 90 days, and maintenance of the biochemical parameters of fasting blood glucose and lipid profile in the same period. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary outcomes are not expected. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Volunteers with waist circumference greater than 80 cm; female; age between 20 and 69 years; away gestational period and no allergy to colorants.
 The effect of blended education on treatment adherence;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Educational intervention is based on the implementation of combined education including educational videos, pamphlets, lectures, and group discussions. Intervention 2: Control group: Provide routine training. CONDITION: Hypertension. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Treatment adherence. Timepoint: Measure the grade of adherence to the treatment before the intervention and 2 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Adherence to treatment questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: At least the reading and writing skills Absence of a sick person or a close relative of his relatives in the healthcare team Not having malignant disease or mental illness according to file information Having aged 20 to 65 years old Having a blood pressure higher than 90/140 and less than 110/180 Being treated for at least six consecutive months without diabetes or chronic kidney disease Not having a high blood pressure above 110/180, or any evidence of an emergency, stroke or myocardial infarction in the past six months Lack of unstable angina, grade 3 or 4 heart failure, serious liver or kidney disease, and pregnancy
 Prevention of cardiovascular events (eg, death from heart or vascular disease, heart attack, or stroke) in patients with prior heart attack using ticagrelor compared to placebo on a background of aspirin;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: ticagrelor Product Code: AZD6140 Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: ticagrelor CAS Number: 274693‐27‐5 Current Sponsor code: AZD6140 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 90‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use Product Name: ticagrelor Product Code: AZD6140 Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: ticagrelor CAS Number: 274693‐27‐5 Current Sponsor code: AZD6140 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 60‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Film‐coated tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Myocardial Infarction, Cardiovascular Death, Atherothombosis, Stroke ; MedDRA version: 14.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10007648 Term: Cardiovascular disease, unspecified System Organ Class: 10007541 ‐ Cardiac disorders Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: The primary objective of the study is to see if a new drug called ticagrelor given twice daily in addition to the aspirin therapy decreases the frequency of cardiovascular events (e.g., death from heart or vascular disease, heart attack, or stroke) in patients with prior heart attack. Primary end point(s): Any event after randomization from the composite of cardiovascular death, non‐fatal MI, or non‐fatal stroke. Secondary Objective: The first secondary objective of this study is to see if a new drug called ticagrelor given twice daily in addition to the aspirin therapy reduces the frequency of death from heart or vascular disease in patients with prior heart attack.; ; The second secondary objective of this study is to see if a new drug called ticagrelor given twice daily in addition to the aspirin therapy reduces the frequency of death in patients with prior heart attack.; Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Within 1 year to 38 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Cardiovascular death after randomization. ; ; All‐cause mortality after randomization. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: Within 1 year to 38 months for both secondary endpoints INCLUSION CRITERIA: Men and women =50 years of age. Person who had a heart attack within 1 – 3 years ago and at least one additional risk factor: Age = 65 years old, Diabetes requiring medication, Documented history of 2nd prior MI (>1 year ago). Angiographic evidence of multivessel CAD, and / or Chronic, non‐end stage renal dysfunction. Females of child‐bearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test at enrollment and be willing to use medically accepted method of contraception. Patient must be currently taking aspirin, with a planned maintenance dose between 75 and 150 mg once daily. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 7000 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 14000
 Weight gain in infancy is associated with carotid extra-medial thickness in later childhood;  OBJECTIVE: Early life is an important period for determining future risk of cardiovascular disease. Carotid extra‐medial thickness is a novel noninvasive measure that estimates arterial adventitial thickness, information concerning vascular health not captured by assessment of arterial intima‐media thickness alone. We sought to determine whether fetal growth and early postnatal growth are associated with carotid extra‐medial thickness in 8 year old children. METHODS: Carotid extra‐medial thickness was assessed by high‐resolution ultrasound in 379 non‐diabetic children aged 8‐years, with complete data for birth weight, gestational age, early postnatal weight gain and carotid extra‐medial thickness. RESULTS: Weight gain during infancy, from birth to 18 months of age, was significantly and positively associated with carotid EMT (11 μm per kg length‐adjusted weight gain [95% CI 3, 18], P=0.007). This association was significantly stronger in boys than girls (Pheterogeneity=0.005). By contrast, there was no significant association between birth weight and carotid EMT (6 μm/kg birth weight [95% CI ‐12, 24], P=0.51). CONCLUSION: Excessive weight gain during infancy is associated with increased carotid extra‐medial thickness, indicating that the alterations to the vasculature associated with excessive early postnatal growth likely include arterial adventitial thickening.
 The Effect Of Acupuncture Before The Start Of Anesthesia On Intraoperative Hemodynamic Criteria Changes;  INTERVENTION: In The Control Group Acupuncture Using Acuahealth Will Be Done At The Wrong Positions. The Anesthesia And Intubation Will Be Similar To The Intervention Group. In This Study, Acupuncture Is Considered By The Acupuncturist Using Acuahealth Device At Predetermined Points And Then The Process Of Intubation And Anesthesia Will Be Done. Both Control And Intervention Group Will Have The Same Type Of Surgery And Anesthesia. Intervention 1: In This Study, Acupuncture Is Considered By The Acupuncturist Using Acuahealth Device At Predetermined Points And Then The Process Of Intubation And Anesthesia Will Be Done. Both Control And Intervention Group Will Have The Same Type Of Surgery And Anesthesia. Intervention 2: In The Control Group Acupuncture Using Acuahealth Will Be Done At The Wrong Positions. The Anesthesia And Intubation Will Be Similar To The Intervention Group. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Pre‐Existing Hypertension Complicating Pregnancy, Childbirth And The Puerperium Preeclampsia. ; Pre‐Existing Hypertension Complicating Pregnancy, Childbirth And The Puerperium PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Before Intervention‐ After Intervention. Method of measurement: Novin Saadat Machine. Heart Rate. Timepoint: Before Intervention‐ After Intervention. Method of measurement: Novin Saadat Machine. Saturation Of Arterial Pressure. Timepoint: Before Intervention‐ After Intervention. Method of measurement: Novin Saadat Machine. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Have Informed Consent For Inclusion? Probability Of Beneficial Effects On People; Approval Of Preeclampsia By Obstetricians Exclusion Criteria: Lack Of Conse?nt; Coagulopathy; Diabetes;Epilepsy; Cancer; Acute Stroke
 PEGASUS;  INTERVENTION: investigational material(s) Generic name etc : Ticagrelor INN of investigational material : Therapeutic category code : 339 Other agents relating to blood and body fluides Dosage and Administration for Investigational material : 90 mg, Oral dose twice a day Generic name etc : Ticagrelor INN of investigational material : Therapeutic category code : 339 Other agents relating to blood and body fluides Dosage and Administration for Investigational material : 60 mg, Oral dose twice a day control material(s) Generic name etc : Ticagrelor Placebo INN of investigational material : Therapeutic category code : ‐‐‐ Other Dosage and Administration for Investigational material : Oral dose twice a day CONDITION: Myocardial Infarction, Cardiovascular Death, Atherothrombosis, Stroke INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Person who had a heart attack within 1 ‐ 3 years ago and at least one additional risk factor: Age 65 years old or more, Diabetes requiring medication, Documented history of 2nd prior MI (>1 year ago). Angiographic evidence of multivessel CAD, and/or Chronic, non‐end stage renal dysfunction. ‐ Females of child‐bearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test at enrollment ‐ Persons who are currently taking aspirin between 75 and 150 mg once daily
 Involving Communities in Addressing the Maternal Health Crisis: making an IMPACT;  Severe racial disparities in pregnancy‐related cardiovascular morbidity and mortality are preventable and warrant timely community‐engaged action. Black women are 3 times more likely to die from a pregnancy‐related cause, as compared to white women10 ‐in part, due to higher rates of cardiovascular risk during pregnancy. More than 80% of pregnancy‐related deaths in the U.S. are preventable. Preconception counseling has been shown to improve maternal health for all women, with clear benefits to address cardiovascular risk factors of obesity, diabetes, hypertension. In order to have impact, evidence‐based preconception counseling programs must be delivered through community settings that have a mission to reach at‐risk populations of women. Healthy Start/community‐based settings are appropriate for this, as they serve an at‐risk population of Black women in many locations nationally. The investigators have engaged with Healthy Start and similar community‐based settings in Georgia, South Carolina, to identify preconception counseling interventions that are evidence‐based and feasible for their staff and community members. This community‐engaged approach identified Screening, Brief Intervention, and Referral to Treatment (SBIRT) interventions as feasible and acceptable to both staff and patients. In the pilot‐test of their SBIRT model approach (Project IMPACT intervention), the investigators demonstrated capacity to screen for pregnancy risks and provide early intervention to n = 23 at‐risk persons of reproductive age who wanted to get pregnant within the year. The investigators will build on their pilot work to conduct a hybrid effectiveness/implementation trial (type 2 hybrid) with n = 10 sites serving low‐income African American men and women in Georgia, NC, SC, and TN. The investigators will use EPIS as an overarching framework to guide progress across the four phases (exploration, preparation, implementation and sustainment). In Aim 1 (EPIS Preparation phase), the investigators will work with their community partners to tailor the implementation strategy packages (Aim 1a) and their Project IMPACT intervention (Aim 1b) to the context of 10 sites across 4 states ‐‐ this tailoring will address contextual determinants of successful implementation from the Pragmatic Robust Implementation and Sustainability Model (PRISM). In Aim 2 (EPIS Implementation phase), we will test an Enhanced vs. Standard implementation strategy package of structured follow‐up on the number of pre‐conception counseling visits completed and will test any structured follow‐up vs. no structured follow‐up on readiness to change for key cardiovascular risk factors. In Aim 3 (EPIS Sustainment phase), the investigators will work with their community sites to co‐develop an implementation and sustainment guide for the most effective strategy bundle from Aim 2. This work has potential to impact racial disparities in pregnancy‐related morbidity/mortality and to advance our collective scientific understanding of the relative benefits of alternate implementation strategy packages.
 Clinical trial to evaluate if the intramuscular administration in the legs of cells derived from the fatty tissue can improve the lack of blood flow in diabetic patients that are no candidates or in which other treatments to improve blood flow have already failed;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: allogenic mesenchymal stem cell isolated from adipose tissue Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: ALLOGENEIC ADIPOSE TISSUE‐DERIVED MESENCHYMAL STEM CELLS EXPANDED Other descriptive name: ALLOGENEIC ADIPOSE TISSUE‐DERIVED MESENCHYMAL STEM CELLS EXPANDED Concentration unit: million organisms/ml million organisms/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection Route of administration of the placebo: Intramuscular use Product Name: allogenic mesenchymal stem cells derived from adipose tissue Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for injection INN or Proposed INN: ALLOGENEIC ADIPOSE TISSUE‐DERIVED MESENCHYMAL STEM CELLS EXPANDED Other descriptive name: ALLOGENEIC ADIPOSE TISSUE‐DERIVED MESENCHYMAL STEM CELLS EXPANDED Concentration unit: million organisms/ml million organisms/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Solution for injection Route of administration of the placebo: Intramuscular use CONDITION: Critical ischemia of lower limbs in diabetic patients Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate the safety and tolerability of the administration of allogenic mesenchymal cells derived from adipose tissue in diabetic patients with critical ischemia of the lower limbs. Primary end point(s): According to the primary objective of the study, the following variables are defined:; o Percentage and type of complications arising from treatment:; o Complications during anesthesia.; o Complications during cell implantation.; o Peri and postoperative complications. Secondary Objective: ‐To evaluate the preliminary efficacy of the treatment.; ‐ To evaluate the quality of life after the administration of the treatment. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: At 12 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): ? Evaluation of perfusion NMR vascularization.; ? Score on the Rutherford‐Becker Scale at 3, 6 and 12 months (0 to 6); ? Presence of ulcers: at 3, 6 and 12 months; ? WIfI classification; ?Planimetry; ? ITB measured at 3, 6 and 12 months.; ? EVA scale measured at 3, 6, 12 months.; ? Temperature at 3, 6 and 12 months.; ? Perimetry at 3, 6 and 12 months.; ? Neuropathic clinic measured at 3, 6 and 12 months.; ? Amputations: yes / no.; ; Tertiary endpoints: ; SF Score SF‐12; VascuQol‐6 Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: All of them at baseline and 3, 6 and 12 months; Vasculogenesis through MRI only at 12 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients of both sexes. ? Age between 40 and 90 years. ? Type 2 diabetes established with more than 1 year since diagnosis. ? Severe grade vascular arteriosclerosis (category RB 4 and 5 mono or bilateral). ? Impossibility of surgical or endovascular revascularization or failure in revascularization surgery performed, at least 30 days before inclusion in the study, defining failure as direct non‐arrival of vessels to the plantar arch. ? Normal biochemical parameters defined by: o Leukocytes> 3000 / mm3 o Neutrophils> 1500 / mm3 o Platelets> 100,000 / mm3 o AST / ALT <2.5 Xupper limit of normal ? In patients with an ischemic ulcer, it must be stable for at least 1 week. ? Patients under conventional medical treatment for CLI. ? Women of childbearing age must obtain a negative result in a urine pregnancy test performed at the time of inclusion in the study and commit to using an effective contraceptive method during their partici
 A phase III, four-armed, randomised, double blind, parallel study to compare the efficacy and safety in type 2 diabetic patients with combined hyperlipidemia of a 12-week administration of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination versus Simvastatin 20mg in patients without Cardiovascular disease (CVD) (group 1) and of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination+Ezetimibe 10mg versus Simvastatin 20mg+Ezetimibe 10mg in patients with CVD (group 2), followed by a 12-week safety phase of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination in group 1 and of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40 mg combination+Ezetimibe 10mg in group 2. - PREFED "PRavastatin, Ezetimibe and FEnofibrate in Diabetic patients";  INTERVENTION: Product Name: Fenofibrate/Pravastatin 160‐40mg Product Code: FENOPRA Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Fenofibrate CAS Number: 49562‐28‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 160‐ INN or Proposed INN: Pravastatin CAS Number: 81131‐70‐6 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 40‐ Trade Name: Zocor 20mg Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Simvastatin CAS Number: 79902‐63‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Trade Name: Zocor 20mg Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: Simvastatin CAS Number: 79902‐63‐9 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 20‐ Trade Name: Ezetrol 10mg Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Ezetimibe CAS Number: 163222‐33‐1 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 10‐ CONDITION: Type 2 diabetic patients as defined by the WHO without CVD and with CVD (Cardiovascular disease), with combined hyperlipidemia ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10027763 Term: Mixed hyperlipidemia INCLUSION CRITERIA: Selection criteria : · Male or female, 18 years and older · Type 2 diabetic patients as defined by the WHO without CVD and with CVD · Patients presenting a combined hyperlipidemia (to be documented by the physician) · Patients following a standardized diet for at least three months before the selection visit and to be maintained stable throughout the study · Able to comply with all study procedures · Provide written, informed consent to participate in the study, indicated by a personal signature and date on the patient consent form · If the patient is female and of childbearing potential, she must be using an efficient mean of birth control, as determined by the investigator and provide a negative serum pregnancy test. Inclusion criteria : · Patients with non‐HDL‐C > or =130 mg/dl (3.36 mmol/l) [or LDL C > or =100 mg/dl (2.6 mmol/l)] and without CVD, or non‐HDL‐C > or =100 mg/dl (2.59 mmol/l) [or LDL‐C> or =70 mg/dl (1.8 mmol/l)] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of the efficacy of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination versus Simvastatin 20 mg, in type 2 diabetic patients without CVD and with combined hyperlipidemia and to describe the safety of the combination.; ‐ To demonstrate the superiority of the efficacy of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination + Ezetimibe 10 mg versus Simvastatin 20 mg + Ezetimibe 10 mg, in type 2 diabetic patients with CVD and with combined hyperlipidemia and to describe the safety of Fenofibrate 160mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination + Ezetimibe 10 mg.; ; These two objectives will be demonstrated by an evaluation of the mean percent changes in plasma non‐HDL cholesterol levels at the end of the efficacy period compared to baseline. Primary end point(s): Primary Efficacy endpoints :; · Mean percent change in plasma non‐HDL cholesterol levels at the end of the efficacy period compared to the baseline; ; Secondary Efficacy endpoints : ; · Percentage of patients who achieve the therapeutic goals concerning the non‐HDL‐C and LDL‐C levels at the end of the efficacy period, as defined in the NCEP ATP III; · Mean percent change of the following lipidemic parameters levels: LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG, total cholesterol at the end of the efficacy period; · Mean percent change of Apo A1, Apo B levels at the end of the efficacy period; · Mean percent change of Apo B/Apo A1 ratio at the end of the efficacy period; · Mean percent change of C Reactive Protein (CRP) values at the end of the efficacy period; · Mean percent change of Fibrinogen values at the end of the efficacy period; · Mean percent change of Homocysteine values at the end of the efficacy period; ; Safety profile will be compared and described using: ; Adverse events, Vital signs, Physical examination, Laboratory evaluation, Apparition of myopathy and/or rhabdomyolysis, Increase of transaminase levels, Increase of CPK, Increase of creatinemia and decrease of creatinine clearance, Withdrawals or drop‐out rate.; ; Secondary Objective: · To evaluate the percentage of patients who achieve the therapeutic goals with regards to non‐HDL cholesterol and LDL‐C levels at the end of the efficacy period, as defined in the NCEP ATP III; · To assess and compare the evolution of the following lipid parameters: LDL‐C, HDL‐C, TG, total cholesterol at the end of the efficacy period; · To assess and compare the evolution of ApoA1 and ApoB levels, and of the ratio ApoB/ApoA1 at the end of the efficacy period; · To evaluate the changes in CRP values, fibrinogen values and homocysteine values at the end of the efficacy period; · To compare the safety profiles of Simvastatin 20 mg, and Fenofibrate 160 mg/Pravastatin 40 mg combination with and without Ezetimibe during the 12‐week efficacy period, and to describe the safety profile of Fenofibrate 160 mg/Pravastatin 40mg combination with and without Ezetimibe 10 mg during the 12‐week safety period.;
 Evaluation the effect of dexmedetomidine administration during surgery on intraoperative hemodynamic factors and postoperative analgesic consumption in opium addicted patients;  INTERVENTION: Dexmetedomidine infusion at a rate of 0.5 µgr/kg/hr during surgery in intervention group Intervention 1: Dexmetedomidine infusion at a rate of 0.5 µgr/kg/hr during surgery in intervention group. Intervention 2: Normal saline infusion with the same volume and rate of dexmedetomidine during surgery in control group. Normal saline infusion with the same volume and rate of dexmedetomidine during surgery in control group Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Femoral Neck Fracture. ; Fracture of neck of femur Fracture of neck of femur PRIMARY OUTCOME: Analgesic consumption. Timepoint: Until 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Calculating the total dose of analgesic consumption by the researcher. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hemodynamic side effects. Timepoint: From drug administration until end of surgry. Method of measurement: Assessing hemodynamic changes using special monitoring device. Hemorrhage volume. Timepoint: From the begining until the end of surgry. Method of measurement: Calculating the bleeding volume based on mililiter by researcher. Pain onset. Timepoint: After finishing the surgery until first request for analgesic. Method of measurement: Time measurment by researcher based on minutes. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 18‐75; Femoral neck fracture; candidate for surgery under spinal anesthesia; history of opium abuse for at least 6 weeks Exclusion criteria: Pregnancy; breast feeding; history of chronic pain; long term analgesic use; BMI>35; diabetic; ischemic heart disease; cerebral vascular attacks; hypertension; malignancy; renal failure; hepatic failure; coagulopathy; history of drug allergy; need for blood transfusion during surgery; intolerance for spinal anesthesia
 ?The efficacy of Bane on patients with Functional Dyspepsia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: pistachia atlantica capsules 500 mg orally , twice daily for a month. Intervention 2: Placebo capsules 500 mg orally , twice daily for a month. pistachia atlantica capsules 500 mg orally , twice daily for a month Placebo Placebo capsules 500 mg orally , twice daily for a month Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Functional dyspepsia. ; indigestion indigestion PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity assessment of dyspepsia. Timepoint: at baseline, 2, 4, 8 weeks. Method of measurement: the gastrointestinal symptom scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life. Timepoint: at baseline, 2, 4, 8 weeks. Method of measurement: NDI10 quality of life scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients within 18‐60 years old with Functional Dyspepsia? No history of peptic ulcer or Reflux ?The absence of an underlying disease, including heart failure, renal failure, cirrhosis, diabetes, hypothyroidism; No history of abdominal surgeries ?Exclusion Criteria: Using of chemical and herbal drugs? Pregnancy and lactation
 To Investigate the Effect of Rosiglitazone and Ramipril on Pre-clinical Vasculopathy in Diabetes and IGT Patients;  The burden of diabetic vasculopathy on the global population is enormous and ever growing. Besides the well‐known microvascular complications in type 2 diabetes (T2DM), there is a growing epidemic of macrovascular complications. People with T2DM have a higher risk of death from cardiovascular (CV) diseases than persons without diabetes. Like diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) individuals also have associated risk of developing macrovascular complications. This calls for an early detection and intervention in patients with T2DM as well as IGT, not only to delay progression of IGT to T2DM but also to treat early macrovascular diseases in both groups. The traditional therapeutic approaches of T2DM emphasise on glycaemic control, which limits microvascular diseases but lacks an established benefit in macrovascular diseases. Type 2 diabetes is a metabolic disorder characterised by dyslipidaemia, hypertension, and hypercoagulability in addition to hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia. Each of these abnormalities plays an important role in diabetic vasculopathy and provides targets for therapy. Understanding the mechanisms of diabetic vasculopathy and instituting therapy guided by emerging evidences would improve outcomes in patients with T2DM and IGT. In recent years, special attention has been devoted to both thiazolidinediones (TZDs) and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors when TRIPOD study demonstrated that troglitazone may reduce the rate of progression to diabetes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes and HOPE Study showed that ramipril may delay the onset of diabetes. The TZDs are novel insulin‐sensitising antidiabetic agents, which also have vasculoprotective properties. Rosiglitazone, one of the members of TZD family, improves insulin sensitivity and may have a beta cell cytoprotective effect. The ACE inhibitors reduce both microvascular and macrovascular complications in diabetes and appear to improve insulin sensitivity and glucose metabolism. Ramipril, an ACE inhibitor, has direct effects on the renin‐angiotensin‐kallikrein system and may play an important role in the prevention of diabetes through effects on beta cell and by vascular and metabolic effects on muscle that may amplify the effects of insulin. Previous studies showed that newly diagnosed untreated T2DM/IGT and hypertensive Malay patients had early manifestations of preclinical vasculopathy and potentially increased risk for development of macrovascular diseases. The aim of this study is to investigate whether pharmacological interventions with rosiglitazone and ramipril can reverse pre‐clinical vasculopathy in newly diagnosed untreated T2DM and IGT patients.
 A prospective randomised controlled trial comparing the effects of metformin with the 20 microgram ethinyl estradiol oral contraceptive pill on the hormonal and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention is metformin for 6 months. CONDITION: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting insulin & glucose SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical (weight, BMI, WHR, and BP, menstrual cyclicity). Hormonal (serum levels of FSH, LH, T, DHEAS, and SHBG). Other metabolic (fasting lipids) and radiological (body composition on DEXA) and timing. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Obese (BMI > 28kg/m2) or non‐obese (BMI < 28kg/m2) PCOS as defined above2. Amenorrhea or oligo‐amenorrhea3. No contraindications to OCP a) History of, or current, thrombophlebitis, thromboembolic disorders and conditions which predispose to such diseases including venous thromboembolism. b) History of, or existing, cerebral vascular/ coronary artery disease c) Known or suspected carcinoma of the breast or the endometrium or a history of these d) Impaired liver function or active liver disease e) Undiagnosed abnormal vaginal bleeding f) Known or suspected pregnancy g) Women older than 35yrs age with hypertension, diabetes, or who smoke 4. No contraindications to metformin a) hypersensitivity to metformin or other biguanides b) diminished renal function c) cardiovascular disease (e.g. coronary insufficiency, myocardial infarction) d) severe hepatic dysfunction e) pancreatitis f) excessive alcohol intake g) concomitant use of diuretics5. No medica
 effect of clove in premature ejaculation;  INTERVENTION: clove oil 1%, 10 minutes before intercourse, for 2 months prepared in Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Science, School of Pharmacy Intervention 1: clove oil 1%, 10 minutes before intercourse, for 2 months prepared in Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Science, School of Pharmacy. Intervention 2: placebo jell. Placebo placebo jell Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Premature ejaculation premature ejaculation. ; Premature ejaculation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Ejaculation latency time. Timepoint: 4 weeks before intervention and 2 months during it, 10 minutes before intercourse. Method of measurement: stopwatch. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Premature ejaculation diagnostic tool questionnaire score. Timepoint: Before and after study. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:monogamous and heterosexual 18‐40 years old man; Intravaginal ejaculation latency time less than 1 minutes; PEDT (Premature ejaculation diagnostic tool) questionnaire score more than eight Exclusion criteria: History of severe or debilitating disease; diabetes; cardiac disease; liver disease; mental disease; thyroid dysfunction; addiction to any drugs or substances; pregnancy of wife; history of hypersensitivity to clove
 Low FODMAPs diet in patients with IBS-D;  INTERVENTION: general dietary advices Intervention 1: Low FODMAP diet. Intervention 2: general dietary advices. Low FODMAP diet Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhoea Irritable bowel syndrome. ; Irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhoea PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bowel habit status. Timepoint: 6 weeks. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Gastrointestinal symptoms. Timepoint: 3 weeks. Method of measurement: questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life. Timepoint: 6 weeks. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: . Inclusion criteria for participants' enrollment were IBS with diarrhea subtype (Bristol Stool Form Scale = 5) and age 20‐60 years old. Exclusion criteria were having a confounder medical condition such as celiac disease, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) or presence of cardiovascular, liver, kidney, neurologic diseases, diabetes and thyroid disorders, consumption of ?‐3 FAs and other nutritional supplements in the last 3 months, pregnancy in during the study. The use of effective drugs against IBS such as drugs affecting GI motility was not allowed, but antidepressants drugs were allowed on a stable dose for the last 3 months before inclusion.
 Effect of levtriastam versus amitriptyline on migraine attack in patients with migraine without aura;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: Tablet levtriastam 500 mg once a day for 6 months. Intervention 2: Intervention group 2: Tablet amitriptyline 100 mg once a day for 6 months. Intervention group 1: Tablet levtriastam 500 mg once a day for 6 months. Intervention group 2: Tablet amitriptyline 100 mg once a day for 6 months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Migraine without aura [common migraine] Migraine without aura. ; Migraine without aura [common migraine] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Number of migraine attacks. Timepoint: in 1 and 2 and 6 months. Method of measurement: through history taking. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of analgesic usage. Timepoint: in 1 and 2 and 6 months. Method of measurement: through history taking. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age of 18 to 45 years; migraine without aura. Exclusion criteria: Pregnancy or breastfeeding; using prophylactic drugs for migraine; diabetes; liver failure; renal failure; hematologic disorders; cardiovascular diseases; depression; epilepsy; glaucoma.
 Effect of Resveratrol on Metabolic Parameters and Oocyte Quality in PCOS Patients;  Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterized by enlarged ovaries, menstrual irregularity and hyperandrogenism and is the most common cause of oligoovulatory infertility. Insulin resistance with resulting hyperinsulinemia is also common among women with PCOS, along with increased risk for dyslipidemia, hypertension, diabetes and related cardiovascular consequences. Resveratrol is a natural polyphenol with anti‐carcinogenic, anti‐proliferative and pro‐apoptotic properties, that has been shown to decrease proliferation and steroidogenesis in theca cells, emerging as a potential therapeutic agent in PCOS patients. However, little is known about its potential beneficial effect on oocyte quality as well as other reproductive outcomes, such as implantation an pregnancy rates. The present study evaluates effects of resveratrol on selected biochemical parameters and reproductive outcome among patients with PCOS who undergo in vitro fertilization (IVF).
 Evaluation the effect of pulsatile perfusion during cardiopulmonary bypass on cerebral tissue oxygenation and arterial blood lactate leveles in patients undergoing valvular heart Surgery;  INTERVENTION: During open heart surgery when patient is on cardiopulmonary bypass after aortic cross clamping and cardioplegic arrest patients undergoing pulsatile perfusion. pulsatile features on heart lung machine set as following: frequency: 70 beat per minute, pulse width: 50%, base flow: 30%( 70%pulsatile and 30% nonpulsatile) In control group during cardiopulmonary bypass after aortic cross clamping patients undergoing routine(non pulsatile) perfusion. Intervention 1: During open heart surgery when patient is on cardiopulmonary bypass after aortic cross clamping and cardioplegic arrest patients undergoing pulsatile perfusion. pulsatile features on heart lung machine set as following: frequency: 70 beat per minute, pulse width: 50%, base flow: 30%( 70%pulsatile and 30% nonpulsatile). Intervention 2: In control group during cardiopulmonary bypass after aortic cross clamping patients undergoing routine(non pulsatile) perfusion. CONDITION: I134,I135, Nonrheumatic mitral valve disorders, Nonrheumatic aortic valve disorders, Nonrheumatic tricuspid valve disorders, Pulmonary valve disorders Valvular heart disease. ; Nonrheumatic mitral valve disorders, Nonrheumatic aortic valve disorders, Nonrheumatic tricuspid valve disorders, Pulmonary valve disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Arterial blood lactate level. Timepoint: after anasthasia and mechanical ventilation, after aortic cross clamping, after aortic cross clamp removal, termination of cardiopulmonary bypass, 2 and 4 hours post operation room. Method of measurement: arterial blood sample ( our lab reference unit is milligram per decilitre). Cerebral oxygenetion. Timepoint: During the whole time of surgery and cardiopulmonary bypass. Method of measurement: To evaluate cerebral oxygenetion we use INVOS cerebral /somatic oxymeter, the values are measured continuously as a percentage of oxygen saturation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lactate dehydrogenase(LDH). Timepoint: Pre & Post operation. Method of measurement: blood sample( our lab reference unit is Unit per liter). Liver enzymes(AST& ALT). Timepoint: Pre & Post operation. Method of measurement: blood sample(our lab reference unit is Unit per liter). Platelet count. Timepoint: Pre & Post operation. Method of measurement: blood sample(our lab reference unit is platelete count per microliters). Renal function tests( BUN & Cr). Timepoint: Pre & Post operation. Method of measurement: blood sample(our lab reference unit is milligram per deciliter). Urine out put. Timepoint: Pre CPB, Pre aortic cross clamp, after removal of aortic cross clamp, termination of CPB. Method of measurement: Through direct vision urine volume(in millilite)r is measured by collecting in urine bag. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients with valvular heart disease that needs surgical replacement or repair of heart valves, body surface area less than 2, Age 18 to 65, Estimated cardiopulmonary bypass time greater than 60 minute, Left ventricle ejection fraction(LVEF) 40% and greater than 40% Exclusion criteria: patients with carotid stenosis, atherosclerosis of ascending aorta and aortic arch, history of cerebrovascular accident, diabetic patient, hepatic disorders, alcoholism, patients needs emergency or complicated and redo surgeries, congenital heart disease, pregnancy, patients disagreement(without consent), preoperation arterial lactate levels greater than 2 miliigram per deciliter, arteial blood gases not in normal rang during cardiopulmonary bypass, patients who needs intraaortic baloon pump(IABP), extracorporeal membrane oxygenation(ECMO) or patients with open sternum, cardiac arrest
 Intravenous Versus Intracoronary Use of Abciximab;  STEMI patients with indication for adjuvant therapy with GPI during pPCI, and who gave informed consent, were randomized, using sealed, opaque envelopes, to either IC or IV bolus (0.25 mg/kg body weight) followed by a 12‐hour IV infusion of abciximab (0.125 μg/kg body weight per minute). IC bolus of abciximab was delivered via the PCI guiding catheter directly into the culprit artery, whereas IV bolus was given in a peripheral vein, both after filtering of the drug. The drug of use in our centre is Reo‐Pro® manufactured by Eli Lilly, Denmark, who had no involvement, economically or scientifically, in the trial. Inclusion criteria in the present analysis were STEMI (onset of chest pain ≤ 12 hours and ST‐segment elevation in two contiguous leads of ≥ 2 mm in V1‐V3 or ≥ 1 mm in other leads), age ≥ 18 years and indication for adjuvant therapy with abciximab (e.g. as bail‐out in case of no‐reflow, high thrombus burden, dissection, or type B2/C lesions) on the operator's discretion. Exclusion criteria were known allergy to abciximab, ongoing bleeding, recent stroke, major surgery within 2 months, known bleeding disorder, or pregnancy. All patients were pre‐treated with oral Aspirin (300‐500 mg) and Clopidogrel (300‐600 mg) and 10,000 IU of unfractionated heparin given IV as a single‐dose according to national guidelines for STEMI patients referred for pPCI. Patients were discharged with life‐long Aspirin in a dose of 75 mg/day and Clopidogrel for 12 months in a dose of 75 mg/day. In relation to PCI the following data were recorded: infarct localization on ECG and coronary angiography, number of diseased vessels, TIMI flow before and after PCI, lesion type (A, B, C), and type and number of stents implanted. Furthermore, the following baseline data were registered: age, gender, hypertension (defined as being treated with blood pressure lowering medication, or being diagnosed as having hypertension during hospital stay, i.e. systolic blood pressure > 140 mmHg, or diastolic blood pressure > 90 mmHg), hypercholesterolemia (defined as being treated with lipid lowering medication, or having an in‐hospital fasting total cholesterol of ≥ 5 mmol/L (192 mg/dL), or LDL ≥ 3 mmol/L (116 mg/dL)), smoking status, family history of coronary heart disease, diabetes (defined as being treated with an anti‐diabetic agent, or having an in‐hospital fasting plasma glucose ≥ 6.1 mmol/L, or a non‐fasting plasma glucose ≥ 11.1 mmol/L), prior coronary vessel disease, and height and weight. Medication status was recorded at admission, at discharge, and at the 30‐day follow up. Left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) was assessed during hospital stay by echocardiography using the 16 standard segments model (28). Primary end‐points were defined as death and target vessel revascularization (TVR). Furthermore recurrent myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke within the first 30 days were recorded. Bleeding complications were recorded during hospital stay. Minor bleeding complications were defined as bleedings from the vascular access site, not requiring blood transfusion, but leading to premature (< 12 hours) cessation of the abciximab IV infusion. Major bleeding complications were defined as bleedings that required cessation of abciximab infusion and subsequent blood transfusion and/or vascular surgery. After 30 days patients were contacted by telephone, subsidiary by letter. All possible events within this period were confirmed by checking hospital source data. All end‐points were evaluated by an independent committee that was unaware of study‐group assignment. No patients were lost to follow up. All patients gave written informed consent. The study was approved by the local ethics committee and the Danish Medicines Agency and carried out in concordance with the Helsinki‐II Declaration and the GCP requirements.
 A randomized controlled clinical trial for Qing-Gan Huo-Xue decoction in the treatment of alcoholic liver disease;  INTERVENTION: QGHXF Group:treatment with Traditional Chinese Medicine;Control Group:Treatment with Essentiale; CONDITION: Alcoholic Liver Disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Alanine aminotransferase;Aspartate aminotransferase;Total bilirubin;Direct bilirubin;?‐glutamyl transpeptidase;Alkaline phosphatase;Albumin;Mean Corpuscular Volume;Hyaluronic Acid;TCM syndrome efficacy;liver stiffness measurement;APRI Score;Fibrosis 4 Score;Laminin;Collagen IV;Procollagen III;alpha smooth muscle actin;tumor necrosis factor alpha; SECONDARY OUTCOME: Triglycerides;Total Cholestero; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Aged 18‐70 years old; 2. The alt, AST or ? ‐ GT were 1.5 times higher than the normal value; 3. Those who did not take relevant drugs within one week 4. Those who deny that hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases need to take all kinds of Western medicine for a long time; 5. During the study period, there was no pregnancy plan or postpartum non lactation period; 6. Normal mental and intelligence can cooperate with the researcher; 7. Informed consent and willing to accept the treatment plan.
 Effect of perioperative intravenous dexamethasone on hypocalcemia after total thyroidectomy;  INTERVENTION: Case group: receive Dexamethasone 8mg 90 minutes before total thyroidectomy Control Group: without Dexamethasone before thyroidectomy Intervention 1: Case group: receive Dexamethasone 8mg 90 minutes before total thyroidectomy. Intervention 2: Control Group: without Dexamethasone before thyroidectomy. Prevention CONDITION: Hypocalcemia. ; Other postprocedural endocrine and metabolic disorders Other postprocedural endocrine and metabolic disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum Ca Level. Timepoint: 6 and 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Blood sampling. Serum PTH level. Timepoint: 6 and 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Blood sampling. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical symptomes of Hypocalcemia. Timepoint: Two weeks after surgery. Method of measurement: History taking and physical examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age range 18‐70 years; needed total thyroidectomy; tendency for participation in the study Exclusion criteria: diabetic patients; history of ischemic heart disease; hypertensive patients; History of corticoesteroid consumption in past three months; pregnancy; addiction; expired patients during study; any changes in thyroidectomy types
 Effect of Phenytoin cream on episiotomy wound healing and relif pain;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: phenytoin cream + placebo solution. Intervention 2: Intervention group2: povidon iodine solution + placebo cream. Intervention group 1: phenytoin cream + placebo solution Intervention group2: povidon iodine solution + placebo cream Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Perineal wound care. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy wound healing. Timepoint: 24 hours and 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: REED SCALE (Redness, echimosses, edema discharge, aproximation). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy pain relief. Timepoint: 24 hours and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS scale(vissual analog scale). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Full term pregnancy; being nulliparous; no special diet;age 18‐35 years; no specific diseases (cardiovascular, hepatic, renal; diabetes; coagulopathy diseases;anemia, no history of skin diseases; persistent constipation and hemorroids); mul‐nutrition;not taking specific drugs ( such as anticoagulant;anti depressants;anti epileptic;antibiotics;immuno‐suppressive drugs); no smoking and alcohol and drugs; having literacy; non‐ obese (BMI<29; according to the same scale);anterior fetal presentation;Episiotomy on gynecological bed;Episiotomy repair by chromic catgut sutures after prep and drep using the same techniques and in less than 30 minutes;visible injury or previous surgery in the perineal region;normal pregnancy;subjects' willingness to participate in the study; Exclusion criteria: Hematomas or infection after the delivery; history of perineal and vaginal surgery;mismatch between maternal pelvis and fetal size (based on pelvis examination)
 Comparison of the effect of Vitagnus drops with metformin on the treatment of oligomenorrhea;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: From the first day of the menstrual cycle, 30 drops of vitagnus drops for 3 months in the morning, so that they will consume 3 weeks and discontinue one week. And then start the next period. Intervention 2: Control group: One day 1000 mg of metformin from the first day of menstruation. CONDITION: Oligomenorrhea. ; Secondary Oligomenorrhoea PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bleeding time. Timepoint: Before the intervention, on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd months, proceeded to. Method of measurement: Question from the patient. Menstrual start. Timepoint: Before the intervention, on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd months, proceeded to work. Method of measurement: Question from the patient. The duration of each bleeding. Timepoint: Before the intervention, on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd months, proceeded to. Method of measurement: Question from the patient. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Side effects. Timepoint: During the study. Method of measurement: question. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The desire to participate in the study Conscientiousness Women aged 20‐40 Oligomenorrhea: Delayedness from 40 days to 3 months Not having adrenal problems, thyroid and prolactin, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, chronic diseases of the liver Non‐pregnancy (negative pregnancy test) Non‐lactation Not having known known uterus, ovaries and ... Not using concurrent hormonal treatments (chemical or herbal) BMI more than 18.5 kg / mÂ²
 Randomized comparison of intramuscular pethidine and intravenous fentanyl for pain relief during first stage of labor and their side effects;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Pethidin 50 mg IM, repeat q 1‐2 hr if needed, maximum dose 100 mg. Intervention 2: Phentanil 50‐100 microgram in hr / IV repeat q 1‐2 hr if needed. Pethidin 50 mg IM, repeat q 1‐2 hr if needed, maximum dose 100 mg Phentanil 50‐100 microgram in hr / IV repeat q 1‐2 hr if needed Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Analgesia in Normal Vaginal Delivery. ; cases with minimal or no assistance, with or without episiotomy delivery in a completely normal case cases with minimal or no assistance, with or without episiotomy delivery in a completely normal case PRIMARY OUTCOME: Age. Timepoint: 18 ‐40. Method of measurement: year. Drug. Timepoint: q1hour. Method of measurement: mili litr. Labor pain. Timepoint: q 15min after first drug injection. Method of measurement: vas(pain score). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Apgar. Timepoint: q 15 min. Method of measurement: observer detection. FHR. Timepoint: q 15 min. Method of measurement: observer detection. Nausea & vomiting. Timepoint: q15min. Method of measurement: observer detection. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: one fetus pregnancy; cephalic presentation; multiparty; GA:38‐40wks; trend to painless delivery; patient Blood pressure>90 and heart rate > 60; AGE 18‐40 yr. Exclusion criteria: allergy to opium; drug abuse; Wt< 50kg and Wt > 100 kg; high risk pregnancy: preeclampsia, severe asthma, insulin dependent diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Myasthenia gravis, epilepsy, liver and kidney disease.
 Periodontal Infection and Endothelial Dysfunction;  Periodontitis is one of the most prevalent chronic diseases and a frequent cause of tooth loss. Accumulation of subgingival dental biofilm in susceptible individuals is associated with an inflammatory host response characterized by the production of Matrix Metalloproteinases, reduction in collagen synthesis, increase in cytokine gene expression, and apoptosis of gingival fibroblasts. Finally, inflammation leads to destruction of periodontal ligament, alveolar bone resorption, and chronic periodontitis. Periodontitis is associated with increased serum levels of inflammatory cytokines and acute phase reactants. Multiple case‐control and cohort studies have suggested that periodontitis is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular events, diabetic end‐organ damage, pregnancy complications and respiratory diseases. Recent interventional studies have found that periodontal therapy could increase endothelium‐dependent brachial artery flow‐mediated dilation. The purpose of this controlled clinical trial is to determine the effect of periodontal therapy on endothelial function in subjects with moderate to severe chronic periodontitis. Furthermore, the relationship between putative periodontal pathogens and endothelial function will be also evaluated.
 Suppository indomethacin and combined indomethacin- acetaminophen for pain after cesarean section;  INTERVENTION: Group A: A 50‐mg indomethacin rectal suppository is administered immediately after a cesarean every 6 hours for 24 hours after the operation. Group B: Two rectal suppositories (A 50‐mg indomethacin and a 325‐mg acetaminophen) are administered immediately after cesarean every 6 hours for 24 hours after the operation. Intervention 1: Group A: A 50‐mg indomethacin rectal suppository is administered immediately after a cesarean every 6 hours for 24 hours after the operation. Intervention 2: Group B: Two rectal suppositories (A 50‐mg indomethacin and a 325‐mg acetaminophen) are administered immediately after cesarean every 6 hours for 24 hours after the operation. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Delivery by caesarean section, unspecified Post‐cesarean pain. ; Delivery by caesarean section, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain severity. Timepoint: 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 h after operation. Method of measurement: VAS with a 10‐cm ruler is used and patient shows her pain on the ruler. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nausea and vomiting, need for analgesic and anti‐emetic. Timepoint: 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 h after operation. Method of measurement: Ask from patient by resident. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria include elective cesarean section with lower uterine segment incision; pregnancy over 37 weeks. Exclusion criteria include anemia, multiple pregnancies, poly hydramnious, prolonged labor, premature rupture of membranes, diabetes, high blood pressure, renal disease, history of drug abuse or smoking, cardiovascular diseases and coagulation disorders. or other underlying diseases.
 Comparison of lidocaine and propranolol on the hemodynamic response in patents withendotracheal intubation;  INTERVENTION: Group 1, 90 seconds before intubation, intravenous lidocaine 5.1 mg kg, Group 2, two minutes before intubation and 10 micrograms per kg of propranolol IV Group 3 received only induction drugs. Intervention 1: Group 1, 90 seconds before intubation, intravenous lidocaine 5.1 mg kg,. Intervention 2: Group 2, two minutes before intubation and 10 micrograms per kg of propranolol IV. Intervention 3: Group 3 received only induction drugs. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Endotracheal intubation. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure and mean arterial. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia, 2 and 5 minutes after induction of anesthesia. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Heart beat. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia, 2 and 5 minutes after induction of anesthesia. Method of measurement: The number of heart beats in a minute. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age range 25 to 40 years Darary indication for elective surgery, without serious disease, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, kidney and liver, respiratory Exclusion criteria: patients to treatment Darvyyba lidocaine and propranolol history of consumption and the incidence of allergic or suffering from heart disease, lung disease, insulin‐dependent diabetes, angina, persistent and hyperthyroidism who have a contraindication to the use of ß‐blocker are; the incidence of medical complications threat life, pregnancy and lactation; monoamine oxidase inhibitors, concomitant use
 Effects of Glycyrrhiza Glabra on Obese Subjects;  INTERVENTION: Control group:1.5 gr starch(500 mg capsules three times a day) with weight loss diet Intervention 1: Intervention group:Consumption of 1.5 gr Glycyrrhiza Glabra Root supplement (500 mg capsules three times a day) with weight loss diet. Intervention 2: Control group:1.5 gr starch(500 mg capsules three times a day) with weight loss diet. Intervention group:Consumption of 1.5 gr Glycyrrhiza Glabra Root supplement (500 mg capsules three times a day) with weight loss diet Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories Obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric indices. Timepoint: Beginning and the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Weight,height,waist circumference and hip circumference mesearments. Lipid profile mesearment. Timepoint: Beginning and the end of the intervention. Method of measurement: TC,TG,HDL‐C,LDL‐C mesearment with special kits. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Vaspin hormone. Timepoint: Begining and the end of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA method. Zinc a2‐ glycoprotein. Timepoint: Begining and the end of intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: BMI equal or greater than 25; subjects with 25‐50 years old;following no weight loss or any special diet during 6 months ago. Exclusion criteria: vitamin and mineral supplement consumption, losing weight drugs during 3 months age;pregnancy or lactation; smoking; 5‐being hypertention,cardiovascular diseases,diabetes,liver,kindney,tyroid,types 1 or 2 diabetes
 Effect of Oral Glucosamine on glucose and insulin levels in patients with osteoarthritis;  INTERVENTION: Control group: One placebo tablet daily till 3 months Intervention 1: Intervention group: Glucosamine 1500 mg daily until three months. Intervention 2: Control group: One placebo tablet daily till 3 months. Intervention group: Glucosamine 1500 mg daily until three months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Knee Osteoarthritis. ; Polyarthrosis, unspecified Polyarthrosis, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase Method. Fasting insulin serum. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: Immunoradiometric assay. Glucose tolerance test. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase Method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase Method. Fasting insulin serum. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: Immunoradiometric assay. Glucose tolerance test. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase Method. Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and after 3 months intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Osteoarthritis non diabetic patients with American College Of Rheumatology criteria for diagnosis of osteoarthritis of hand, knee and or hip; patients who complete the consent form and participate to study consciously. Exclusion criteria: Having body mass index lower than 20 and or higher than 30, history of diabetes or fast blood sugar upper than 110; history of liver or renal disease, myocardial infarction, uncontrolled inflammatory diseases, malignancy and endocrine disorder which interfere glucose metabolism; consumption of corticosteroids and other effective medicine on blood glucose; anemia; pregnancy or lactation
 The Effect Of Ondansetron on maternal hypotension prevention during elective cesarean section;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 2 mm distilled water was injected intravenously before spinal anesthesia Intervention 1: Control group: 2 mm distilled water was injected intravenously before spinal anesthesia. Intervention 2: Intervention group: 4 mg ondansetron ( Norman/Italy) was injected intravenously before spinal anesthesia. Intervention group: 4 mg ondansetron ( Norman/Italy) was injected intravenously before spinal anesthesia Prevention CONDITION: Maternal hypotension syndrome Maternal hypotension. ; Maternal hypotension syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Maternal blood presure. Timepoint: Maternal blood pressure was monitored and recorded every two minutes for the first 15 minutes following spinal anesthesia, and then every 5 minutes until completion of surgery. Method of measurement: Non invasive blood presure cuff. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Maternal heart rate. Timepoint: during surgery. Method of measurement: With cardiac monitoring and heart rate. Neonatal apgar score. Timepoint: 1 and 5 minutes after surgery. Method of measurement: Cheklist/ examination/ observation. Neonatal arterial blood gas. Timepoint: After Surgery. Method of measurement: Arterial blood gas samples. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women (18 to 35 years old) Candidate for elective cesarean section, In class I physical health classification of the American Society of Anesthesia. All women had singleton term pregnancies. Exclusion Criteria: Mothers with a history of hypertension? Diabetes? cardiovascular and cerebral diseases? known fetal anomaly? any kind of contraindications for spinal anesthesia? psychosomatic Disorder? Patients weighting over 100 Kg and Height less than 150 cm and those with difficult tracheal intubation
 Hypotension Probability Index in Anesthesia;  Study design The study is designed as a single center randomized prospective interventional trial comparing goal directed hemodynamic management using HPI compared to standard care. Subcenter University hospital of Giessen, Department of Anesthesiology, Operative Intensive Care and Pain Therapy (Study team: Dres. med. Christian Koch, Emmanuel Schneck, Thomas Zajonz, Dagmar Schulte, Fabian Edinger, Sophie Ruhrmann) 3.3 Study Population The study population is therefore divided into three groups. 1. Intervention group (optimization based on HPI) n=25 2. Control group (optimization based on standard monitoring without HPI) n=25 Inclusion Criteria ‐ Patients undergoing hip‐replacement ‐ General anesthesia ‐ Age ≥ 18 years Exclusion criteria Predefined exclusion criteria are: ‐ Participation in another (interventional) study ‐ Pregnancy and nursing mothers ‐ Surgery without controlled ventilation ‐ American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) score > III ‐ Contraindication for invasive blood pressure monitoring ‐ Renal insufficiency (Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) score Stadium ≥ 2) ‐ Coagulation disorder Dropout Criteria None Patient flow Patients are recruited before surgery after checking inclusion and exclusion criteria. Informed consent is obtained at this time. During this process also basic patients characteristics are obtained: ‐ Age, sex, height, weight, ASA score ‐ Pre‐existing conditions (hypertension, state after myocardial infarction, coronary heart disease, peripheral arterial disease, renal failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,diabetes) ‐ Previous surgeries ‐ Current medication ‐ Laboratory results Endpoints Primary endpoint: • Frequency (n)/h and Duration (t [min]/% of total anesthesia time) of intraoperative hypotension Secondary endpoints: ‐ Suspected reason for hypotension ‐ Quantity of intravenous volume (crystalloids, colloids, blood products and salvage blood) ‐ Type and dosage of vasopressors (epinephrine, norepinephrine, dobutamine) ‐ Cardiac output, cardiac index (CO, CI) ‐ Stroke volume/ stroke volume index (SV/ SVI) ‐ Stroke volume variation (SVV) ‐ Systemic vascular resistance (SVRI) ‐ Heart rate (HR) ‐ Blood pressure (BP) ‐ Duration of surgery, duration of anesthesia ‐ Blood loss ‐ Transfusion rate ‐ Net fluid intake ‐ Additional outcome parameter ‐ hospital length of stay ‐ intensive care length of stay ‐ duration of mechanical ventilation ‐ hemoglobin level at the end of surgery Data Processing Data collection is carried out consistently on pre‐defined time‐points in our electronic patient data management system (NarkoData, IMESO Company, Giessen, Germany) into a separated study database(Microsoft Excel). Patient data is transferred to the database as pseudonyms based on a random key method. The chart with the patient data and decrypting keys is kept in the study center for at least 15 years after the end of the study (publication). Data anonymization is intentionally not performed to give patients the option for data insight or deletion of their data in the future. Data management and evaluation is performed by the study team. The expected gain in knowledge from this study could be used for optimizing perioperative care. Patient number and Biometrics The aim of the study is to show the benefit of early and automated monitoring of intraoperative hypotension index in order to support automatically registration of the approach of critical situations given as probability of occurrence of hypotension. Benefit ‐ Risk assessment Potential benefit Based on a continuous monitoring by additional monitoring system (HPI) an early detection of potential life threatening events is possible. This can result in an optimization of the patients' therapy and a better outcome. Potential Risks The presented study is an interventional study. The potential risks are marginal. The usage of an arterial catheter is based on preexisting diseases, to monitor the blood pressure continuously. The risk of arterial injuries, infection, fistula etc. is minimal. The time points of blood samples for the study are in line with routine sampling. Based on this, there is no additional risk for the patient. Benefit/ Risk analysis The benefit for the patients is additional monitoring, based on an additional monitoring device and the supervising study doctor, who can support the treating anesthesiologist with information in potentially critical situations. Thereby, it is possible to treat early goal‐directed and possibly improve the patients outcome. Considering the potential benefits of the generated information for the patient in comparison to the expected risks, the beneficial effect is overbalanced.
 Effect of NCX4016 on Walking Distance in Patients With Peripheral Arterial Occlusive Disease (PAOD);  Design of the study This was a prospective, randomized, double‐blind, parallel‐groups, placebo‐controlled study conducted in fortythree clinical sites throughout Europe. 442 patients with peripheral arterial occlusive disease (PAD) at Leriche‐Fontaine stage II were treated with NCX 4016 800 mg bid or with an indistinguishable placebo for 6 months. The dosage of 800 mg bid was selected based on previous clinical studies, which demonstrated a good safety profile and a good tolerability in the gastro intestinal tract. Compliance was checked by counting dispensed versus returned study medication. All patients received 100 mg aspirin once daily for cardiovascular prevention, standard for this patient population at the time of study design. Inclusion criteria were: male and female patients between 40 and 80 years with Leriche‐Fontaine stage II PAD presenting symptoms of intermittent claudication stable for at least 6 months, an ankle/brachial index <0.9, an absolute claudication distance (ACD) <500 m and an initial claudication distance (ICD) >50 m on a standardized treadmill test (3% incline, 3 km/hr), and clinical stability before inclusion (i.e. changes in ACD not exceeding 25% in two standardized treadmill tests during run‐in). All patients gave their written informed consent. Exclusion criteria were: unstable symptoms and/or rapid deterioration of PAD during the previous 3 months; presence of clinically significant renal or hepatic failure, or insulin‐dependent type 1 diabetes; uncontrolled type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension or dyslipidemia; any clinical condition limiting the patient's exercise ability (angina pectoris, congestive heart failure, respiratory disease, bone and joint disease, neurological disorders); active peptic ulcer during the previous 6 months; any hemorrhagic condition or history of bleeding; acute coronary syndrome or acute cerebrovascular episodes during the previous 6 months; previous revascularization procedures during the last 6 months or indication for vascular surgery; ischemic rest pain; life expectancy <12 months; pregnancy or lactation; participation to other investigational trials within 3 months prior to inclusion; history of hypersensitivity or any form of allergic reaction or contraindications to NSAIDs, aspirin, and NO‐donating drugs. The following treatments were not allowed for the period of the study: continuative use (>7 days) of NSAIDs or nitrovasodilating drugs; phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors, anticoagulants, heparin, ticlopidine, clopidogrel, indobufen, defibrotide, mesoglycan, picotamide, pentoxyfylline, carnitine, sulodexide. All other concomitant treatments were kept constant as much as possible during the study period. Primary end‐point of the study was the ACD on a constant treadmill test; secondary end‐points were ICD; responder rates, i.e. the proportion of patients showing a >=28% or a >=50% improvement of ACD in comparison with baseline; quality of life questionnaire Short‐Form 36 (SF‐36); the variations of the ankle/brachial index (ABI) between baseline and 6 months and the modifications of the intimal medial thickness (IMT) of the common right carotid artery at 6 months as compared with baseline. Common right carotid artery was examined by B‐mode ultrasound in the longitudinal view, 1‐1.5 cm proximally to the bifurcation. The measurement of IMT was obtained according to the Mannheim carotid intima‐media thickness consensus with one modification: instead of acquiring the vascular wall image only with the lateral probe incidence, images were acquired also with the anterior and posterior incidence, in order to obtain a triplicate number of measurements to be used for comparisons. Each position was visualized and recorded for at least 15 sec. with simultaneous taking of the ECG tracing. Images of the far wall of the distal 1 cm of the right common carotid artery were obtained. IMT was calculated from each of the three projections and the final value was calculated from the average of all measurements with the use of standardized ultrasonography settings. The baseline carotid ultrasonographic examinations were used to localize the site of interest at follow‐up. Digitized still images from an electrocardiographically defined diastolic frame were analyzed offline. A single observer who was unaware of the treatment assignments and the identities of the patients measured the mean carotid intima media thickness. Focal atherosclerotic plaques were excluded from the measurements. All measurements were performed with the use of an automated border detection system. A number of measurements not inferior to 30 for each of the three image acquisition incidences was carried out in the 1cm segment of the carotid artery assessed. For each subject the same ultrasound system and transducer and the same operator were used throughout the study. Images were centrally analyzed at the coordinating center by a dedicated, automated computerized edge detection system for the measurement of common carotid far wall intima‐media using the software M'ATH 2.0 (Metris Argenteuil, France).
 Effects of Citicoline in Patients with Head Trauma;  INTERVENTION: Case group: Drug Citicholine 500 mg/q6h slow IV infusion Control group: Without any intervention Intervention 1: Case group: Drug Citicholine 500 mg/q6h slow IV infusion. Intervention 2: Control group: Without any intervention. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diffuse brain injury Head Trauma. ; Diffuse brain injury PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fetuin‐A. Timepoint: 1st(Before intervention), 6th day(After intervention) and 12th day(After intervention). Method of measurement: Plasma levels. Level of Consciousness. Timepoint: Daily(From the first day of admission to the last day of study). Method of measurement: Assessment of GCS by examiner. Matrix Gla Protein (MGP). Timepoint: 1st(Before intervention), 6th(After intervention), 12th day(After intervention). Method of measurement: Plasma levels. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) 18‐65 years of age. 2) Providing informed consent to be included in the study. 3) Absence of major traumatic lesion in chest, abdomen or limbs. 4) Admission within 24 hours following trauma. 5) Absence of major cardiac diseases. 6) Absence of cardiac disease, hyperlipidemia, diabetes and hypertension. Exclusion criteria: 1) Admission after 24 hours following the trauma. 2) History of heart disease, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, hypertension and coagulation disorders. 3) History of malignancy. 4) Multitrauma patients with major trauma of chest, abdomen or limbs. 5) Patients with focal brain lesions such as contusion and brain hematoma which necessitates surgical drainage. 7) Unstable hemodynamic. 8) Pregnancy. 9) Surgery including general, orthopedic or gynecologic surgeries within first 24 hours after trauma. 10) CPR or resuscitation within 24 hours after trauma. 11) Death or discharge within study period.
 METFORMIN FOR ATRIAL FIBRILLATION;  ‐ Type of The Study: Interventional, Placebo‐Controlled Clinical Trial. ‐ Therapeutic Area: Cardiology, Arrhythmia. ‐ Purpose: Treatment. ‐ Aim: Whether repurposing metformin for the treatment of atrial fibrillation will be effective in decreasing patients' hospitalization, adverse major cardiovascular events, and non‐cancer death. ‐ Assignment: Parallel. ‐ Allocation: Randomized. ‐ Masking: Pragmatic, Open‐Label. ‐ Duration: 12 months of follow‐up. ‐ Rationale: Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common heart arrhythmia [1], in which atria contract rapidly and irregularly and the contraction of atria and ventricles is no longer coordinated. Current guidelines for the treatment of AF recommend medication to avoid blood clotting and stroke, control heart rate, and restore sinus rhythm. However, the available treatments show limited efficiency and may have side effects associated with increased morbidity and mortality [2], emphasizing an urgent need for new or repurposed therapies. Lal and colleagues [3] reported an integrative approach‐combining transcriptomics, iPSCs, and epidemiological evidence‐to identify and repurpose metformin, a main first‐line medication for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, as an effective risk reducer for atrial fibrillation. Interestingly, metformin enhances the life span in invertebrate and vertebrate laboratory models [4], and similar gene‐expression‐based drug‐repurposing studies targeting aging identified metformin, among others, as a pro‐longevity agent [5]. Diabetes and AF are both age‐associated and often co‐morbid conditions. Metformin is being tested in the Targeting Aging with Metformin (TAME) trial [6] to develop effective next‐generation drugs to increase healthspan and lifespan. Additionally, metformin seems to be associated with a lower risk of atrial fibrillation and ventricular arrhythmias as compared with another anti‐diabetic drug category which is sulfonylureas [7]. The potential antiarrhythmic role of metformin in patients with AF could be due to the effects of metformin on preventing the structural and electrical remodeling of the left atrium via attenuating intracellular reactive oxygen species, activating 5' adenosine monophosphate‐activated protein kinase, improving calcium homeostasis, attenuating inflammation, increasing connexin‐43 gap junction expression, and restoring small conductance calcium‐activated potassium channels current [8]. Despite the solid preclinical, integrative, and retrospective analyses, the effect of metformin on patients with AF regarding morbidity and mortality has not be established using a perspective, randomized, controlled trial. ‐ Inclusion Criteria: Age more than 20 years and less than 65 years, willing and able to provide written informed consent prior to performing study procedures, and diagnosed by atrial fibrillation (first detected, paroxysmal, persistent, longstanding persistent, or permanent). ‐ Exclusion Criteria: Critically‐ill patients who are admitted to ICU, advanced congestive heart failure, liver cell failure, chronic kidney disease with eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m², diabetic ketoacidosis with or without coma, concomitant treatment with carbonic anhydrase inhibitors, septicemia, shock, hypoxia, dehydration, blood dyscrasias, pregnancy, lactation, chronic muscle diseases, acute trauma or burns within 2 weeks, and history of allergy to the implemented drugs. ‐ Methods: 770 enrolled AF patients who are candidates for metformin treatment according to the study criteria at the time of presentation, will undergo the following at the time of enrollment and during the bimonthly follow‐ups: ‐ General and Local cardiac examination. ‐ CBC. ‐ Chemistry Panel including KFTs, LFTs. ‐ Serum electrolytes levels. ‐ Resting surface 12 leads ECG. ‐ Baseline echocardiography. ‐ Interventions: ‐ Drug: metformin 850 mg oral tablets. Prescribed: Once daily PO with meals and 200 mL of water. The dose can be up‐titrated to 1500‐2000 mg divided q8‐12hr with meals in enrolled diabetic patients as a monotherapy or combined with sulfonylurea. Other Name: Glucophage. ‐ Drug: Placebo oral tablets. Prescribed: Once daily PO with meals and 200 mL of water. Other Name: Placebo ‐ Study Arms: ‐ The Metformin Group (MG): 385 patients will receive metformin oral tablets in addition to the standard rate/rhythm control strategy and anticoagulation. ‐ The Placebo Control Group (PCG): 385 patients will receive placebo oral tablets as a control group in addition to the standard rate/rhythm control strategy and anticoagulation. Endpoints: ‐ The primary endpoint is hospitalization due to an episodic AF or an AF with a rapid or slow ventricular response (in the case of permanent AF). ‐ The secondary endpoint is a composite of non‐fatal major cardiovascular adverse events or non‐cancer death. The non‐fatal major cardiovascular adverse events include: ‐ Hospitalization due to heart failure. ‐ Non‐fatal myocardial infarction. ‐ Non‐fatal stroke. ‐ Hospitalization due to unstable angina. • Safety: In terms of safety, a composite of metformin side effects comprising GIT symptoms, hypoglycemia, and lactic acidosis will be considered. ‐ Ethics: The study will be conducted in compliance with human studies committees' regulations of the authors' institutions and COPE guidelines, including patient consent as appropriate. ‐ Competing Interests: The authors will declare any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
 The effect of Ondansetron in combination with Apotel in pain control;  INTERVENTION: Control group:the pain pump will contain 2 grams of Apotel, which will be diluted with 100 cc normal saline 0.9 % and will be delivered at the rate of 4 cc / hr. Intervention 1: Intervention group: the pain pump will contain 2 grams of Apotel and 8 milligrams of Ondansetron, which will be diluted with 100 cc normal saline 0.9 % and will be delivered at the rate of 4 cc / hr. Intervention 2: Control group:the pain pump will contain 2 grams of Apotel, which will be diluted with 100 cc normal saline 0.9 % and will be delivered at the rate of 4 cc / hr. Intervention group: the pain pump will contain 2 grams of Apotel and 8 milligrams of Ondansetron, which will be diluted with 100 cc normal saline 0.9 % and will be delivered at the rate of 4 cc / hr. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Patients with upper limb fractures.. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: 24 hours and 48 hours after recovery. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ASA Class 1; Upper limb fracture; Patients who undergo anesthesia with propofol as an anesthetic inducer; Satisfied to participate in the study; being at the age of 15 and older. Exclusion criteria: ASA grade 3 and 4; uncontrolled diabetes; history of ischemic heart disease (IHD); history of stroke; malignancy; psychiatric problems; Pregnancy; surgery duration greater than 120 minutes; history of substance abuse or drug abuse; Alcohol consumption; history of liver problems; history of Apotel (acetaminophen) sensitivity; history of nausea and vomiting after previous surgical procedure; Patients with long Q‐T intervals.
 Effects of Dapagliflozin on cardiac deformation and clinical outcomes in heart failure with reduced and mildly reduced ejection fraction;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: FORXIGA ‐ 10 MG ‐ COMPRESSE RIVESTITE CON FILM‐ USO ORALE ‐ BLISTER CALENDARIZZATO (ALU/ALU) ‐ 28 COMPRESSE Product Name: Dapagliflozin Product Code: [Dapagliflozin] Pharmaceutical Form: Film‐coated tablet INN or Proposed INN: DAPAGLIFLOZIN CAS Number: 461432‐26‐8 Current Sponsor code: 461432‐26‐8 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: up to Concentration number: 10‐ CONDITION: heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction <50% ; MedDRA version: 20.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10024102 Term: Left cardiac failure System Organ Class: 100000004849 Therapeutic area: Diseases [C] ‐ Cardiovascular Diseases [C14] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: determine the changes over time in left ventricular myocardial performance in non‐diabetic patients with HFrEF and HFmrEF treated with Dapagliflozin at 3 and 6 months of follow up, compared to the standard of care of optimal medical therapy according to the ESC guidelines for heart failure. Primary end point(s): Determine changes over time (at 3 and 6 months) in left ventricular myocardial performance by basal and speckle tracking echocardiography in non‐diabetic patients with HFrEF and HFmrEF treated with Dapagliflozin in addition to optimal medical therapy, compared to standard of care according to ESC guidelines for heart failure . Secondary Objective: Evaluate the effect of Dapagliflozin in addition to optimal medical therapy after 3 and 6 months of treatment against the standard of care regarding:; ‐ reverse remodeling of the left ventricle; ‐ left ventricular diastolic function and congestion.; ‐ structure and function of the right ventricle; ‐ cardiovascular clinical events (hospitalization for heart failure, cardiovascular death and death from all causes).; Exploratory Objectives: To evaluate the effects of Dapagliflozin in addition to optimal medical therapy on the burden of heart failure symptoms relative to standard of care. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: at 3 and 6 months SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): Evaluate the effect of Dapagliflozin in addition to optimal medical therapy after 3 and 6 months of treatment against the standard of care regarding:; ‐ reverse remodeling of the left ventricle; ‐ left ventricular diastolic function and congestion.; ‐ structure and function of the right ventricle; ‐ cardiovascular clinical events (hospitalization for heart failure, cardiovascular death and death from all causes). Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: after 3 and 6 months INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients can be included in the study only if they meet the following criteria: 1. Providing informed consent prior to any specific study procedure 2. Female or male non‐diabetic outpatients> 18 years 3. Have heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction <50%, according to the ESC definition [1], such as patients with signs (pulmonary crepitus, peripheral edema, elevated jugular venous pressure) and / or symptoms (dyspnoea, fatigue, ankle swelling) of heart failure, left ventricular ejection fraction <40% or 40‐49%. 4. Already on OMT according to ESC HF guidelines [1] (for HFrEF this mainly includes an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or sacubitril / valsartan, a beta blocker and a mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist (MRA)). 5. Subjects without severe chronic kidney disease (eGFR with CKD‐EPI formula must be = 30 mL / min) 6. Negative pregnancy test (urine or serum) for female subjects of childbearing age. 7. Female su
 The effect of acupressure training to family caregiver on dyspnea and subjective wellbeing in hospitalized patients with chronic heart failure in cardiac care units;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: in acupressure group, in addition to drug treatment, 5 points BL13, LU9, LU1, BL15, P6 will be pressed symmetrically and bilaterally. Acupressure will be performed by pressing in circular motions on the acupuncture points with the thumb, first in a clockwise direction for each point of pressure for 8 seconds, followed by 2 seconds of rest and repetition of this sequence for 3 minutes for each point. The symmetrical points will be pressed simultaneously. In total, the intervention for each patient lasts 15‐20 minutes per session, the number of sessions will be 7 sessions per week and a total of 28 sessions, the first and second sessions will be performed by the researcher and other sessions by the patient or the trained companion. Intervention 2: Control group: Acupressure is not done. CONDITION: Dyspnea. ; Shortness of breath R06.02 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Dyspnea. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study, after 2 weeks and after 4 weeks. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Subjective wellbeing. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study, after 2 weeks and after 4 weeks. Method of measurement: 5‐ Item World Health Organization Well‐Being Index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Complaints of shortness of breath Six months have passed since the definitive diagnosis of the disease Age older than 18 years old Heart failure stage 2 to 4 Speaking and understanding Persian language Do not take drugs and sedatives No education in the field of medicine or traditional medicine Absence of severe diabetic neuropathy No history of neurological disease, asthma, COPD, cancer and other respiratory diseases diagnosed by a doctor Not being blind and deaf Possibility to contact the patient or one of his family members No pregnancy No history of using acupressure No wounds or scratches or deformities
 Evaluation of the Effect of Amiodarone on Prevention of Arrhythmias in Patients underwent Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery;  INTERVENTION: in the control group patients received 10cc of saline 10 minutes before decamping of the aorta in the intervention group patients received infusion of Amiodarone(HAMELN‐GERMANY) (3mg / kg) 10 minutes before decamping of the aorta a Intervention 1: in the intervention group patients received infusion of Amiodarone(HAMELN‐GERMANY) (3mg / kg) 10 minutes before decamping of the aorta a. Intervention 2: in the control group patients received 10cc of saline 10 minutes before decamping of the aorta. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Atherosclerotic heart disease coronary arthery heart disease. ; Atherosclerotic heart disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Arrhythmia. Timepoint: during 24 h of ICU stay. Method of measurement: MONITOR OF EKG AND EKG. REPERFUSION VENTRICULAR FIBRILATION. Timepoint: 30 min after declamping. Method of measurement: MONITOR OF EKG. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who completed written consent to participate in the study and candidate for CABG; patients older than 18 years. Exclusion criteria: diabetes; hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism Cr> 2; liver failure (increased SGOT; SGPT) and patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (except asthma; bronchitis and emphysema); AF; under 18 years of age; pregnancy and EF more than 30% are the exclusion criteria.
 Clinical trial of comparison of effectiveness of Omega-3 supplement on PCOS and metabolic syndrome with placebo;  INTERVENTION: control group : gives 2 placebo capsule daily for 6 mounts Intervention 1: intervention group : gives Omega 3 supplementation for 6 mounts. Intervention 2: control group : gives 2 placebo capsule daily for 6 mounts. intervention group : gives Omega 3 supplementation for 6 mounts. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Polycystic ovarian syndrome. Condition 2: menstural disorder. Condition 3: metabolic syndrom. Condition 4: hyperandrogenism. Condition 5: hirsutism. ; Sclerocystic ovary syndrome Stein‐Leventhal syndrome ; hypomenorrea Nos, bleeding NOs, periods NOS ; metabolic disorder unspecified ; hyper secretion of ovarian androgen ; genital hair exess in female genital hair exess in female hyper secretion of ovarian androgen hypomenorrea Nos, bleeding NOs, periods NOS metabolic disorder unspecified n92.6 , n9 Sclerocystic ovary syndrome Stein‐Leventhal syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: 6 mounth afther implementation study. Method of measurement: Weight in kilograms divided by the square of height in meters. Hirsutism. Timepoint: 6 mounth afther implementation study. Method of measurement: Ferrimen‐ Gullway score. Menstrual disorders. Timepoint: 6 mounth afther implementation study. Method of measurement: questionnaire of Bleeding volume, number of days of spotting, Menstrual periods. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Abdominal circumference. Timepoint: and 6 mounths after implemention of study. Method of measurement: The size of the margin around the narrowest part of the lower ribs and the iliac crest at the end of a normal exhalation. Fasting blood sugare. Timepoint: 6 mounths after implemention of study. Method of measurement: blood glucose levels after 8 hours fasting. Hip circumference. Timepoint: 6 mounths after implemention of study. Method of measurement: Hip circumference on the line that connects the two greater trochanter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who have informed consent ; PCOS disease, according to the NIH3 ; age between 18‐40 ; Exclusion criteria: smoking, use of oral pregnancy pill or alcohol or fish oil in 3 month ago or into the study ; pregnancy; have disease of kidney or liver or heart or thyroid ; diabetes ; hyperprolactinemia ; Cushing, Adrenal congenital hyperplasia, menopause ; the patient withdrew into the study ; Failure to follow the next visit
 The STRIDE weight loss and lifestyle intervention for individuals taking antipsychotic medications: a randomized trial;  Objectives: The STRIDE study assessed whether a lifestyle intervention, tailored for individuals with serious mental illnesses, reduced weight and diabetes risk. The authors hypothesized that the STRIDE interventionwould be more effective than usual care in reducing weight and improving glucose metabolism. Method: The study design was a multisite, parallel two‐arm randomized controlled trial in community settings and an integrated health plan. Participantswho met inclusion criteria were >;18 years old, were taking antipsychotic agents for >;30 days, andhad a body mass index >;27. Exclusionswere significant cognitive impairment, pregnancy/breastfeeding, recent psychiatric hospitalization, bariatric surgery, cancer, heart attack, or stroke. The intervention emphasizedmoderate caloric reduction, the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, and physical activity. Blindedstaffcollecteddataatbaseline,6months,and12months. Results: Participants (men, N=56; women, N=144; mean age=47.2 years [SD=10.6]) were randomly assigned to usual care (N=96) or a 6‐month weekly group intervention plus six monthly maintenance sessions (N=104). A total of 181 participants (90.5%) completed 6‐month assessments, and 170 (85%) completed 12‐month assessments,without differential attrition. Participants attended 14.5 of 24 sessions over 6 months. Intent‐to‐treat analyses revealed that intervention participants lost 4.4 kg more than control participants from baseline to 6 months (95% CI=‐6.96 kg to ‐1.78 kg) and 2.6 kg more than control participants from baseline to 12 months (95% CI=‐5.14 kg to ‐0.07 kg). At 12 months, fasting glucose levels in the control group had increased from 106.0 mg/dL to 109.5 mg/dL and decreased in the intervention group from 106.3 mg/dL to 100.4 mg/dL. No serious adverse events were study‐related; medical hospitalizations were reduced in the intervention group (6.7%) compared with the control group (18.8%). Conclusions: Individuals taking antipsychotic medications can loseweight and improve fasting glucose levels. Increasing reach of the intervention is an important future step.
 Comparison of the effect of oral metronidazole and vaginal probiotics on the microbial flora of the vagina and evaluation of treatment failure in women with bacterial vaginosis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Metronidazole group: Oral treatment with 500 mg metronidazole twice daily for 7 days. Intervention 2: Probiotic group: Probiotic vaginal capsules (lactobacillus acidophilus, lactobacillus plantarum, lactobacillus rhamnosos, lactobacillus gasseri) are taken once a day for 14 days. CONDITION: Bacterial vaginosis. ; Acute vaginitis N76.0 PRIMARY OUTCOME: The pH of vaginal discharge. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: PH meter tape with a range of 1/6 ‐ 6/3 made by Machery – Nagel, Düren, Germany. Existence of homogeneous dilute white‐gray discharge. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Clinical examination and swabs biopsy of the vaginal wall. Nugent score. Timepoint: After the intervention. Method of measurement: Gram stain scoring system for vaginal swabs. The presence of Clue cells in the vaginal discharge slide. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Preparation of microscopic slide sample from swap vaginal discharge. Amine test. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Production of amine odor by adding 10% KOH solution to vaginal discharge. Amsel positive criteria. Timepoint: After the intervention. Method of measurement: Clinical examination and swabs biopsy of the vaginal wall. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women with a diagnosis of bacterial vaginosis Age between 18 and 45 years No pregnancy or HIV positive No history of known medical conditions such as epilepsy, diabetes, hypertension and heart and gastrointestinal problems Non‐consumption of alcohol and anticoagulants such as coumadin (warfarin), immunosuppressants, vaginal medications, having an IUD
 The effect of coping strategies on depression after abortion in women referring to Zainabiyya hospitals;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Eder intervention group classes of coping strategies in the treatment of depression after abortion, which include relaxation training classes, including providing training CD and problem solving and cognitive behavioral For a month. In the control group, there has not been a certain action. Eder intervention group classes of coping strategies in the treatment of depression after abortion, which include relaxation training classes, including providing training CD and problem solving and cognitive behavioral For a month. In the control group, there has not been a certain action.. CONDITION: Bipolar affective disorder, current episode severe depression with psychotic symptoms Post‐abortion depression. ; Bipolar affective disorder, current episode severe depression with psychotic symptoms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Depression scores in all referring women who is that include nulliparous and moltipars. Timepoint: befor intervention and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Beck Depression Inventory. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dissatisfaction. Timepoint: one month. Method of measurement: in terms of individual interviews. Feeling of failure. Timepoint: one month. Method of measurement: in terms of individual interviews. Guilt. Timepoint: one month. Method of measurement: in terms of individual interviews. Health concerns. Timepoint: one month. Method of measurement: in terms of individual interviews. Pessimism. Timepoint: one month. Method of measurement: in terms of individual interviews. Social isolation. Timepoint: one month. Method of measurement: In terms of individual interviews. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: married women; approved medical termination of pregnancy or fetal death was confirmed by a gynecologist; no history of chronic mental illness; no use of antidepressants; complete the study consent form; mild to moderate depression; no history of infertility. Exclusion criteria: unwillingness to continue to participate in study; visits to other centers for termination of pregnancy; sudden events such as the loss of relatives; abortion are associated with diseases of bodies such as heart, diabet and...
 The effect of Nigella Sativa on oligomenorrhea and amenorrhea in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Group 1:Nigella Sativa capsule, 4 capsules 500 mg, 2 in the morning and 2 nights during the month, except during the period. if the bleeding did not happen in a month,the drug would be cut off for a week Group 2: control group who received placebo from starch capsules, 4 capsules 500 mg, 2 in the morning and 2 nights during the month, except during the period if the bleeding did not happen in a month,the drug would be cut off for a week Intervention 1: Group 1:Nigella Sativa capsule, 4 capsules 500 mg, 2 in the morning and 2 nights during the month, except during the period. if the bleeding did not happen in a month,the drug would be cut off for a week. Intervention 2: Group 2: control group who received placebo from starch capsules, 4 capsules 500 mg, 2 in the morning and 2 nights during the month, except during the period if the bleeding did not happen in a month,the drug would be cut off for a week. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome Polycystic ovarian syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: 0ccurance of Menstrual bleeding. Timepoint: Before the intervention,1, 2, 3 and 4 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Ask the patient. Duration of menstural bleeding. Timepoint: Before intervention and 1,2,3, 4 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Ask the patient and complete tracking form. Menstrual blood volume. Timepoint: Before intervention and1,2, 3, 4 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Pictorial Blood Loss Assessment Chart (PBAC). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Menstrual cycle length. Timepoint: Before intervention and1,2, 3, 4 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Ask the patient and complete tracking form. Serum LH. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Serum analysis by ELIZA. Total Testosterone. Timepoint: Before intervention and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Serum analysis by ELIZA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of Polycystic Ovary syndrome by gynecologist, according to the National Institute of Health’s criteria; women aged 18‐38 years old with irregular periods; having informed consent; Non‐consumer of any hormonal medication and Metformin for at least three months prior the study. Exclusion criteria: Using anti‐hypertensive, anti‐cholesterol, anti‐ diabetic, insulin‐sensitizing,medication; using aspirin and other anti‐clotting medications, oral contraceptive and the anti‐prostaglandin medications, parallel consumption of other herbal medications for disease treatment; patient with uncontrolled high blood pressure history, brain stroke, heart attack, cancer, cardiovascular disorders, liver disease, renal and thyroid disorders, type 1 or 2 diabetes; pregnancy and lactation; smoking.
 The effect of dill vaginal cream on treatment of candida vaginitis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: using one applicator of Essential oil of Anethum graveolens L. (Dill) vaginal cream (2%) every night for 7 nights. Intervention 2: using one applicator of Clotrimazole vaginal cream 1% every night for 7 nights . Intervention 3: using one applicator of total extract of dill vaginal cream (2%) every night for 7 nights . Treatment ‐ Drugs using one applicator of Clotrimazole vaginal cream 1% every night for 7 nights . using one applicator of Essential oil of Anethum graveolens L. (Dill) vaginal cream (2%) every night for 7 nights. using one applicator of total extract of dill vaginal cream (2%) every night for 7 nights . CONDITION: Candidiasis of vulva and vagina vulvovaginal Candidiasis. ; Candidiasis of vulva and vagina PRIMARY OUTCOME: Burning. Timepoint: at the beginning and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Evaluation of clinical symptom's remission(burning) with VSQ (vulvovaginal symptom questionnaire). Edema. Timepoint: at the beginning and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: physical exam. Erithema. Timepoint: at the beginning and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: physical exam. Itching. Timepoint: at the beginning and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Evauation of clinical symptom's remission (itching) with VSQ (vulvovaginal symptom questionnaire). Vaginal discharge. Timepoint: at the beginning and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: Evaluation of clinical symptom's remission (vaginal discharge) with VSQ (vulvovaginal symptom questionnaire). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Sniff test outcome. Timepoint: at the beginning and 10 days after intervention. Method of measurement: vaginal smear. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: sign and symptoms of vulvovaginal candidiasis; married women; between 18 to 65 years old; with positive sniff test; without pregnancy, without breast feeding, without chronic disease such as (kidney ,liver, cardiac disease and diabetes ), no existance of immunodeficiency nor complicated vaginal candidiasis on diagnosis of gynecologist and not using of systemic antibiotics and immunosuppressive drugs, or any vaginal drugs during the study and not using of systemic anti fungal drugs since 4 weeks ago. Exclusion criteria: side effects or drug reaction; pregnancy; menstruate; lack of patient's association.
 Comparing episiotomy repair with interrupted method and continuous method;  INTERVENTION: control group: episiotomy will be repaired with interrupted method in four layers in the way vegina continious lockin, muscle interrupted, sub cotaneous continious and skin interrupted. Intervention 1: intervention group: episiotomy will be repaired with continious method in four layers: vegina, muscle,sub cutaneous and skin without cutting sutures. Intervention 2: control group: episiotomy will be repaired with interrupted method in four layers in the way vegina continious lockin, muscle interrupted, sub cotaneous continious and skin interrupted. intervention group: episiotomy will be repaired with continious method in four layers: vegina, muscle,sub cutaneous and skin without cutting sutures. Prevention CONDITION: Episiotomy. ; Single spontaneous delivery Single spontaneous delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Perinel pain. Timepoint: 2 hours, 3‐5 days, 2 weeks and 6 weeks after delivery. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale. Wound infection. Timepoint: 2 hours, 3‐5 days, 2 weeks and 6 weeks after delivery. Method of measurement: Clinical observation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy repaire time. Timepoint: 2 houres, 3‐5 dayes, 2 weekes and 6 weeks after delivery. Method of measurement: Timing. Number of pockets. Timepoint: 2 houres, 3‐5 days, 2 weekes and 6 weekes after delivery. Method of measurement: Counting. Uncomfortable stitches. Timepoint: 2 houres, 3‐5 days, 2 weekes and 6 weekes after delivery. Method of measurement: Survey. Use of analgesia. Timepoint: 2 houres, 3‐5 dayes, 2 weekes and 6 weekes after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: term pregnancy(37‐42); singleton pregnancy; cephalic presentation; 18‐35 years old primiparous; BMI <30. Exclusion criteria: special diet; special disease (anemia, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, immunity disease, liver disease, depression, coagulation disorders, preeclapcia, infectious diseases); smoking; alcoholism, narcotic drugs, labour dystosia; large episiotomy; postpartum hemorrhage; vacium; forceps; constant constipation; sever pain and hematoma; fever and chills after childbirth; macrosomia.
 Adding an Insulin-Sensitizing Medication to Depression Treatment for People Who Are Depressed and Overweight;  Current depression treatments are not effective for approximately one‐half of overweight people, and depression eventually returns in approximately one‐third of those overweight people whose initial treatment is effective. One possible reason for these treatment failures is that overweight people often experience a condition called insulin resistance (IR), which can lead to type 2 diabetes, an associated disease that might also affect depression treatment. IR results in elevated blood sugar levels that may interfere with medications used to treat depression. Metformin, a medication commonly used to treat diabetes, reduces blood sugar levels. This study will examine whether taking metformin with the antidepressant medication sertraline will enhance the effectiveness of sertraline in people who are overweight and depressed. Participation in this study will last a total of 16 weeks and will include baseline testing and ten scheduled study visits. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive either sertraline and metformin or sertraline and placebo on a daily basis. The baseline visit will include the following tests and measures: an electrocardiogram (EKG), which will measure the electrical activity in the heart; an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which will measure how a person's body breaks down glucose; a blood test, which will measure lipids, glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C), and other cardiometabolic risk factors; a dual energy x‐ray absorptimetry (DEXA) scan, which will measure body fat; a pregnancy test for women; measurements of vital signs, height, weight, waist‐to‐hip ratio, and waist circumference; and questionnaires concerning health, medication use, physical activity, diet, and mood. Some of the questionnaires will be administered through interviews with a researcher. During the study visits, which will occur every 2 weeks, participants will complete questionnaires, unused medication will be collected, and new medication will be handed out. At Week 8, participants will provide an additional blood sample by finger stick.
 Effect of Early Skin to Skin Contact on Breast Feeding Behaviour in Term Newborns: a Randomized Controlled Trial;  Inclusion and exclusion criteria for the enrollment of subjects in the study Inclusion criteria Term babies born to mothers by normal vaginal delivery in the study period. Exclusion criteria 1. Babies with major congenital malformation. 2. Multiple pregnancy 3. Babies requiring resuscitation beyond the initial steps 4. Babies requiring care in the neonatal intensive care unit. 5. Maternal problems requiring immediate care ‐ Severe preeclampsia defined as Blood pressure more than 160/110, Proteinuria more than 3+, Oliguria less than 500 ml, Pulmonary edema, cerebral visual disturbances, Impaired liver function, Thrombocytopenia, Epigastric Pain ‐ Imminent eclampsia ‐ Severe bleeding ‐ Mother with significant surgical or medical illness requiring separation of the baby from the mother. 6. Small for dates and large for dates babies 7. Infants of diabetic mother 8. Maternal refusal of consent Outcome Measures: 1. Measurement of Breast feeding Behavior at 36‐48 hours using Infant Breast feeding Behavior scale 2. Salivary Cortisol 3. Weight at birth 4. Weight at 48 hours 5. Number of feeding sessions till 48 hours 6. Maternal Perception of Infant activity, feeding and breast milk output.
 The Effect of Breastfeeding Position Education on Breastfeeding;  This study aims to increase breastfeeding success, breastfeeding self‐efficacy and effective infant feeding, reduce breast problems, and to affect positively the mother's infant feeding attitude of breastfeeding positions taught to mothers in the antenatal period with the lactation simulation model. Also, it carried out to reveal the importance of midwife/nurse support and education that starts in the antenatal period and continues in the postpartum period, by increasing the adaptation of the mother to the breastfeeding process with the education given in the antenatal period, aims to contribute to the initiation and maintenance of breastfeeding. his study will be conducted as a randomized controlled experimental study. The population of the study will be primiparous pregnant women who applied to Kastamonu Education and Research Hospital between 01/05/2022‐01/05/2023. The sample will consist of 105 pregnant women (35 pregnant women for each group) who met the inclusion criteria and accepted to participate in the study. The mothers in the experimental group will be trained with the lactation simulation model during the antenatal care follow‐ups in the last trimester of their pregnancy (one group laid back and another group breastfeeding position education) and the necessary forms will be filled in their first interview, A second interview will be held within the first 24 hours after the birth, and the breastfeeding position taught to the mothers will be shown in practice by supporting the mother, and the necessary forms will be filled. The third meeting will be held between 7.‐10. days of postpartum and the necessary forms will be filled. The mothers in the control group will be interviewed during the antenatal care follow‐ups in the last trimester of their pregnancy. Mothers in the control group will receive routine care and routine breastfeeding education both in the prenatal and postnatal period. Necessary forms will be filled with the mothers in the control group by meeting in the first 24 hours and on the days 7th‐10th. of postpartum. Personal information form, breastfeeding self‐efficacy scale, Iowa infant feeding attitude scale, LATCH, visual comparison scale, postpartum breastfeeding follow‐up form, breast problems evaluation form and IMDAT form will be used as data collection tools. Breastfeeding has numerous benefits for mother and baby. While it prevents many diseases such as otitis media, respiratory tract infections, obesity, sudden infant death syndrome, allergies and diabetes in infants, it neurodevelopmentally contributes positive effects to the development of the baby. Postpartum depression, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, breast cancer, ovarian cancer and osteoporosis rates are lower in mothers who breastfeed for more than 1 year. The fact that there is less feeding cost contributes to the family economically.
 guided self-change add on nicotine replacement therapy for cigarette smoking cessation;  INTERVENTION: "Guided self‐ change” therapy in five one‐hour individual weekly sessions (and complementary therapy sessions in the case of patient's request) Intervention 1: Treatments as usual (including an inhaled bronchodilator, inhaled corticosteroids and beta agonists, inhaled spray( inhaled anticholinergic chemistry),. Intervention 2: nicotine Replacement Therapy with nicotine gum(20 gums 2 mg per day in 6 weeks). Intervention 3: "Guided self‐ change” therapy in five one‐hour individual weekly sessions (and complementary therapy sessions in the case of patient's request). nicotine Replacement Therapy with nicotine gum(20 gums 2 mg per day in 6 weeks) Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatments as usual (including an inhaled bronchodilator, inhaled corticosteroids and beta agonists, inhaled spray( inhaled anticholinergic chemistry), CONDITION: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with acute lower respiratory infection COPD. ; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with acute lower respiratory infection PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cigarette Smoking. Timepoint: Before the intervention, and 6,12 an 20 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Vasmvkrlayzr (for measuring carbon monoxide in exhaled), , Fagerstrom (to measure the degree of dependence on cigarettes). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Timepoint: Before treatment and 6,12 and 29 weeks after treatment. Method of measurement: Spirometry (measuring lung such as FEV1) and CAT (for the measurement of pulmonary symptoms, functional status and mental status). Quality of Life. Timepoint: Before treatment and 6, 12 and 20 weeks after treatment. Method of measurement: quality of life questionnaires (to measure quality of life). INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria includs over 45 years of age, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and nicotine dependence. Exclusion criteria is other systemic medical diseases such as diabetes melitus, normal spirometry, respiratory failure, and contraindications or precautions for nicotine gum use (sensitivity , recent myocardial infarction, dangerous arrhythmias, severe angina, hyperthyroidism, insulin‐dependent diabetes melitus, active peptic ulcer, pregnancy, lactation), severe mental disorders such as psychosis and severe depression and anxiety
 Comparison of ketorolac and paracetamol on post operative pain in orthopedic surgery;  INTERVENTION: In control group 500 ml normal saline will be given 10 minutes before induction of anesthesia Intervention 1: One group will receive 1 gr intravenous paracetamol in 500 cc normal saline 10 minutes before induction of anesthesia. Intervention 2: Second group will receive 30 mg intravenous ketorolac in 500 cc normal saline. Intervention 3: In control group 500 ml normal saline will be given 10 minutes before induction of anesthesia. One group will receive 1 gr intravenous paracetamol in 500 cc normal saline 10 minutes before induction of anesthesia Placebo Second group will receive 30 mg intravenous ketorolac in 500 cc normal saline Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Pain in limb postoperative pain. ; Pain in limb PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: 45 minutes after consciousness. Method of measurement: VAS (visual analogue scale). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Every 15 minutes. Method of measurement: Automatic monitoring device. Heart rate. Timepoint: every 15 minutes. Method of measurement: automatic monitoring device. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ASA classification of I and II; age 18 to 65 years. Exclusion criteria: opioids and narcotics abuse for a long time; steroids consumption; pregnancy; history of heart, liver and kidney failure; coagulation disorders; uncontrolled hypertension; endocrine disorders (diabetes); BMI higher than 40; alcoholism; heart rate less than 40 b/m; surgical procedure up to 2 hours; asthma; GI bleeding.
 The effect of olive oil rich diet consumption on serum omentin concentration;  INTERVENTION: Common diet with composition:51% carbohydrate.15% protein. 34% fat.16% SFA.10% PUFA.8% MUFA for six weeks Diet rich in olive oil with composition:51% carbohydrate.15% protein. 34% fat.8% SFA.10% PUFA.16% MUFA for six weeks Intervention 1: Diet rich in olive oil with composition:51% carbohydrate.15% protein. 34% fat.8% SFA.10% PUFA.16% MUFA for six weeks. Intervention 2: Common diet with composition:51% carbohydrate.15% protein. 34% fat.16% SFA.10% PUFA.8% MUFA for six weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Serum omentin concentration in owerweight women. Condition 2: Overweight. ; ‐ ; Obesity due to excess calories Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum omentin concentration. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Manometer. Body fat mass. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Bioempedance device. Body mass index. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Calculate. C‐ reactiv protein. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Insulin. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Lipid profile(cholestrol‐triglicerid‐HDL‐LDL). Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Plasma adiponectin concentration. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Elisa kit. Waist and hip circumference. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Meter. Waist to hip ratio. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Calculate. Weight. Timepoint: At the beginning and at the end of phase one and two. Method of measurement: Seca digital scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: married women age: 20‐50‐year, BMI between 25‐29/9, absence of clinical signs or symptoms of coronary artery disease, diabetes, metabolic diseases, arthritis, lupus, GI diseases, hypertension, any kind of infection, trauma, thyroid diseases, without history of using drugs, such as anti‐ hypertensive, anti hyperlipidemia, anti‐inflammatory, anti diabetic agents, drugs for weight reduction, OCP, corticosteroids, not pregnancy and lactation, not smoking. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy, breast feeding, presence of any disease and use of drugs that mentioned above, don’t follow the diets
 Effect of Nardostachys jatamansi DC on clinical symptoms of functional dyspepcia /postprandial distress syndrome;  INTERVENTION: control grope:Domperidone capsules,10 mgr after each meal(TDS)T for one month. Intervention 1: Intervention grope:Nardostachys jatamansi DC capsuls, 400 mgr after each meal(TDS)T for one month. Intervention 2: control grope:Domperidone capsules,10 mgr after each meal(TDS)T for one month. Intervention grope:Nardostachys jatamansi DC capsuls, 400 mgr after each meal(TDS)T for one month. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Dyspepsia functional dyspepcia. ; Dyspepsia PRIMARY OUTCOME: Total score of gastrointestinal symptom rating scale. Timepoint: before intervention , the scond and forth weeks of the intervention,one month after the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Gastrointestinal symptom rating scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Drug complication. Timepoint: intervention period and after tretment. Method of measurement: questioner. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients aged 25 to 60 years; with a diagnosis of functional dyspepsia (based on ROME IIIcriteria ) and no history of peptic ulcer and reflux disease; normal endoscopic with no specific pathologic finding and H. pylori negative; no treatment before the current study(new patient); there is no underlying medical conditions; including heart failure; kidney failure and uremic disease; cirrhosis; diabetes; hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism; no history of abdominal surgery; no history of chemotherapy and radiation or exposure radioactive radiation. Exclusion criteria: use of chemical and herbal drugs with gastrointestinal effects; pregnancy and lactation; patients disagreement to continue the project and lack of access to patients
 Investigation of the Effect of Asvard Capsules on the Adults Reflux;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Treatment with omeprazole capsules 20 mg per day. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Asvard capsule 1200 mg per day (900 cases + 300 roses). Intervention 3: Intervention group: Asvard capsules 1600 mg per day (1200 items + 400 roses). Intervention 4: Intervention group: Asvard capsules 2000 mg per day (1500 items + 500 roses). CONDITION: Reflux. ; Gastro‐esophageal reflu Xdisease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Analysis of Reflux symptoms. Timepoint: Days: zero, 21, 42 and 56. Method of measurement: Questionnaires and standard measurement scales. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Investigation of likely side effects after drug administration. Timepoint: Days: 21, 42 and 56. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The Reflu Xpatients with the age between 18‐60 years olds. The patients have to been infected with the Reflu Xdisease for 6 months ago and it get shown Reflu Xsymptoms twice in the week. Reflu Xdiagnosis would be base on ROME IV symptoms and endoscopy without specific pathological findings All subjects must be without Helicobacter pylori infection. All subjects don't have been any antibiotics and PPIs in the last month. Without underlying diseases such as heart failure; kidney and liver failure; cirrhosis; Diabetes, thyroid disorders, etc. Without cigarette smoking, drugs abuse or alcohol Without taking NSAIDs or Aspirin Without pregnancy or breastfeeding
 Evaluation of the effect of the principles of the Modified Program of enhanced Recovery (ERAS) in ambulatory laparoscopic cholecystectomy in comparison with the traditional method and its effect on the quality of life of patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Patients candidate cholecystectomy that recevied ERAS protocol. Intervention 2: Control group: Patients did not receive ERAS protocol. CONDITION: Chronic cholecystitis and symptomatic biliary colic. ; Chronic cholecystitis K81.1 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Evaluation of the effect of the principles of the Modified Program of enhanced Recovery (ERAS) in ambulatory laparoscopic cholecystectomy in comparison with the traditional method and its effect on the quality of life of patients. Timepoint: 2,6,12 ,24 hours after operation‐3 days and 7 days after surgery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: All patients (18‐75) years who have accepted the consent and are candidates for elective cholecystectomy, do not have acute cholecystitis or gangrene Patients with a history of biliary colic. Class 1 to 2 ASA anesthesia Absence of jaundice and evidence of CBD stones Absence of renal or hepatic or transplant failure Absence of heart failure (EF <20%) No uncontrolled blood pressure or diabetes No history of upper abdominal surgery No pregnancy Do not use opioids or opioid antagonists in 90 days before
 Treatment of essential hand tremor: dysport versus propranolol;  INTERVENTION: Dysport intramuscular injection in forearm 100‐150 unit once Intervention 1: Dysport intramuscular injection in forearm 100‐150 unit once. Intervention 2: tablet propranolol 40‐160 mg daily for 3 months. tablet propranolol 40‐160 mg daily for 3 months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: essential hand tremor. ; Essential tremor Essential tremor PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hand tremor severity. Timepoint: before treatment, one and two and three months following the start of treatment. Method of measurement: tremor research group essential tremor rating assessment scale (TETRAS). Quality of life. Timepoint: before treatment, two months following start of treatment. Method of measurement: short form 36 (SF‐36) quality of life questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Side effects. Timepoint: one and two and three months following start of treatment. Method of measurement: history taking. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: essential hand tremor with severity equal or greater than 2 according to tremor research group essential tremor rating assessment scale (TETRAS) version 3.1 (paragraph 4); normal thyroid function test; age higher than 18 years; exclusion criteria: drug induced tremor; pregnancy and lactation; allergy to cow milk protein; propranolol contraindications for example heart block, congestive heart failure, diabetes melitus, asthma and etc; history of botulinum injection in upper limb; recent botulinum injection in any part of body since 8 months ago; allergy to botulinum; history of myasthenia gravis or suspicious to myasthenia gravis; parkinson disease; use of anti‐dopaminergic medications
 Comparison of the effect of Neostigmine and Metoclopramide on gastric residual volume in mechanically ventilated ICU patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intrvention group 1: Neostigmine 2.5 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Intervention 2: Intrvention group 2: Metoclopramide 10 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Intrvention group 1: Neostigmine 2.5 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Intrvention group 2: Metoclopramide 10 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: acute dilatation of stomach gastric residual volume. ; acute dilatation of stomach PRIMARY OUTCOME: Gastric residual volume. Timepoint: 0,3,6,9,12 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: Gastric lavage. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Albumin, Hemoglobin, WBC, Na, K, Mg. Timepoint: before trial. Method of measurement: laboratory kit. Hear rate, blood pressure. Timepoint: during trial. Method of measurement: cardiac monitoring. SOFA. Timepoint: before trial. Method of measurement: SOFA calculator. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patient family agreement and informed written consent; under mechanical ventilation; nutrition via gastric tube; gastric residual volume greater than 120 cc; age between 20 and 70 years Exclusion criteria: diabetes; heart rate<60; heart blocks and arrhythmias; systolic BP less 90 mmHg; hypothermia (core temperature less 35); renal failure (Serum Creatinin more 1.5 in two consecutive test); prokinetic agents consumption during 8 hours before intervention; recent surgery on GI tract within 10 days; pregnancy and breast feeding; extrapyramidal sign; bronchospasm; hypokalemia (K less 3 meq/L); known sensitivity to Neostigmine and metoclopramide; GI bleeding
 The effect of enhance recovery after surgery (ERAS) modality on mobilization time after spine surgery;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The control group will be patients who were candidates for elective spinal surgery and will receive a conventional recovery. Intervention 2: The intervention group will be patients who were candidates for elective spinal surgery and will receive an enhanced recovery. CONDITION: S24.2XXD Spine surgery. ; Injury of nerve root of thoracic spine, subsequent encounter PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of hospitalization after surgery. Timepoint: 24, 48, 72 and 96 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Patient discharge or continued hospitalization. Mobility time after surgery. Timepoint: 1,2,6,12 ,24 hours after operation‐2 days after surgery. Method of measurement: The patient gets out of bed. Nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: 1,2,6,12 ,24 hours after operation‐2 days after surgery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire and the presence of symptoms. Pain score. Timepoint: 1,2,6,12 ,24 hours after operation‐2 days after surgery. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale (VAS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: = 18 years of age and maximum 80 Class 1 to 2 ASA anesthesia Absence of heart failure (EF <20%) No uncontrolled blood pressure or diabetes No pregnancy Do not use opioids or opioid antagonists in 10 days before
 Efficacy of dexamethasone in decrease of limb edema in snake bite patients;  INTERVENTION: Dexamethasone ampul 0.4mg/kg in 3 devided doses every 8 hours daily till recovery of inflammation Intervention 1: Dexamethasone ampul 0.4mg/kg in 3 devided doses every 8 hours daily till recovery of inflammation. Intervention 2: Sterile water (with an equal volume of 0.4 mg/kg from dexamethasone)in 3 devided doses every 8 hours during admission. Placebo Sterile water (with an equal volume of 0.4 mg/kg from dexamethasone)in 3 devided doses every 8 hours during admission. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Snake bite. ; Snake venom Snake venom PRIMARY OUTCOME: Limb edema. Timepoint: At the admission, 6 hours later, 12 hours later, 18 hours later, second day, third day, other days if admission lenght. Method of measurement: volume of limb according to shift of water in a dish scale in ml. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Decrease of limb edema. Timepoint: Each 6 hours within the first day of admission and then daily until disapearance of edema. Method of measurement: Immersion of limb in to the scaled dish of normal saline and determination of volume based on ml. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria : 1)6 hours from bite, 2)Bite in distal of limbs Exclusion criteria : 1)Recieved antivenum before admission, 2)Underlying disease such as : hypertension, peptic ulcer, heart failure, active infection (e.g. varicella, tuberculosis), psychosis, diabetes, glucoma, osteoprosis and other conditions of corticosteroid's contraindications, 3)Recieved any glucocorticoid or NSAIDS drugs 4)Pregnancy and lactation
 The effect of amantadine and Q10 in fatigue of the Multiple Sclerosis patients;  INTERVENTION: cap Amantadine 100 mg twice a day for 4 weeks coenzyme Q10 60 mg twice a day for 4 weeks Intervention 1: placebo twice a day for 4 week. Intervention 2: coenzyme Q10 60 mg twice a day for 4 weeks. Intervention 3: cap Amantadine 100 mg twice a day for 4 weeks. placebo twice a day for 4 week Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatigue in multiple sclerosis patients. ; Multiple sclerosis Multiple sclerosis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fatige. Timepoint: The beginning and 4 weeks after the end of study. Method of measurement: FSS Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Drug side effects. Timepoint: Bigenning,during the study,and four weeks after the end of study. Method of measurement: Ask the patients. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Informed consent form and questionnaire filling; FSS greater than or equal to 4.0 Exclusion criteria: Use of sedative‐hypnotic drugs in the last 2 months;Pregnancy or lactation; Congestive heart failure;kidney or liver disease; psychiatric disorders; major Depression;asthma;anemia; hyperthyroidism;sleep disorders;diabetes and high blood pressure; alcohol abuse;drug abuse; HMG coa reductase inhibitors; beta blockers; calcium channel blockers; statins, levodopa;Sleep disorders
 The effect of anesthesia types on cognitive disorders after spinal surgery;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Group 1 will be patients who are candidates for elective spinal surgery and will receive anesthesia with complete intravenous drugs by propofol induction dose(2‐2.5 mg/kg IV) .After induction of anesthesia, patients received propofol as a continuous injection (using an infusion pump) at a dose of 50 to 100 µg / kg / min to maintain anesthesia. Proposol brand was BBRAUN (Germany). Intervention 2: Group 2 will be patients who are candidates for elective spinal surgery and will receive 1.5 ‐ 3 % isoflurane anesthesia.After induction of anesthesia, isoflurane inhaled anesthetic gas with MAC 1.2 to 2% (by Drager anesthesia machine) was used to maintain anesthesia. CONDITION: S24.2XXD Spine surgery. ; Injury of nerve root of thoracic spine, subsequent encounter PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cognitive disorders. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia, 6 ,12 , and 24 hours after Recovery. Method of measurement: Mini Mental State Examination questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: = 18 years of age and maximum 65 Class 1 to 3 ASA anesthesia Absence of heart failure (EF <20%) No uncontrolled blood pressure or diabetes No pregnancy Willingness and satisfaction to participate in the project
 The Effect Of Spinal Anesthesia Drug to Prevent Maternal Hypotention;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 10 mg 0.5% bupivacaine was injected into subarachnoid space. Intervention 1: Control group: 10 mg 0.5% bupivacaine was injected into subarachnoid space. Intervention 2: Intervention Group1: 8 mg of bupivacaine 0.5 with 25 micrograms of fentanyl was injected into subarachnoid space. Intervention 3: Intervention Group2: 8 mg of bupivacaine 0.5% with 0.4 micrograms of Normal saline was injected into subarachnoid space. Intervention Group1: 8 mg of bupivacaine 0.5 with 25 micrograms of fentanyl was injected into subarachnoid space. Intervention Group2: 8 mg of bupivacaine 0.5% with 0.4 micrograms of Normal saline was injected into subarachnoid space Prevention CONDITION: maternal hypotension syndrome Maternal hypotension. ; maternal hypotension syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Maternal blood presure. Timepoint: Maternal blood pressure was monitored and recorded every two minutes for the first 15 minutes following spinal anesthesia, and then every 5 minutes until completion of surgery. Method of measurement: Non invasive blood presure cuff. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: Pain level during surgery. Method of measurement: VAS (Visual analogues Scale). Return of sensory and motor block. Timepoint: After Surgery. Method of measurement: Examination, Question & Observation. Sensory level and motor block. Timepoint: After spinal anesthesia. Method of measurement: Sensory level was assessed using the tip of a needle sterilized with alcohol cotton, and motor block was assessed and recorded using Bromage Scale (BS) (BS=0, full knee and foot flexion; BS=1, ability to move knee; BS=2, ability to move feet only; BS=3, full motor block). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: pregnant women, candidate for elective CS, in class I physical health classification of the American Society of Anesthesia (ASA). All women had singleton term pregnancies. Exclusion criteria: Mothers with a history of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebral diseases, known fetal anomaly, any kind of contraindications for spinal anesthesia, patients weighing over 100 kg and those with dificult tracheal intubation.
 The effects of Mallow in the treatment of asthma;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: aqueous extract of Malva Sylvestris at doses of 600 mg/day (300 mg twice a day by oral route for 1 month) Intervention 1: Intervention 2 in control group: placebo including capsules contain sucrose twice a day for 1 month by oral route. Intervention 2: Intervention 1: aqueous extract of Malva Sylvestris at doses of 600 mg/day (300 mg twice a day by oral route for 1 month). Intervention 2 in control group: placebo including capsules contain sucrose twice a day for 1 month by oral route Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Asthma. ; chronic obstructive asthma chronic obstructive asthma PRIMARY OUTCOME: Forced expiratory volume at first second (FEV1). Timepoint: Before, 1 month and 3 months after treatment. Method of measurement: Pulmonary function test by spirometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse effects of Malva Sylvestris extract. Timepoint: 1 and 3 months after treatment. Method of measurement: Questionnaire and pulmonary function test using spirometry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 15‐65 years, minimum 6 months with mild to severe asthma, non‐seasonal asthma and non‐smoker Exclusion criteria: respiratory infection, immunologic and neurological disorders, pregnancy, history of myocardial infarction, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder and diabetes
 effect of high protein diet and balance diet in obese and overweight women at aerobic clubs;  INTERVENTION: balanced diet (55%carbohydrate,15%protein,30%fat) for 8 weeks. daily energy calculated by harisbenedict and 500 cal lower than amount of calculated high protein (45%carbohydrate,25%protein,30%fat) for 8 weeks. daily energy calculated by harisbenedict and 500 cal lower than amount of calculated Intervention 1: high protein (45%carbohydrate,25%protein,30%fat) for 8 weeks. daily energy calculated by harisbenedict and 500 cal lower than amount of calculated. Intervention 2: balanced diet (55%carbohydrate,15%protein,30%fat) for 8 weeks. daily energy calculated by harisbenedict and 500 cal lower than amount of calculated. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity and other hyperalimentation obesity. ; Obesity and other hyperalimentation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic assay with autoanalyser. Fasting blood glocose. Timepoint: at baseline and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Colorimetry. Percent of body fat mass. Timepoint: at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: caliper. Percent of fat free mass. Timepoint: at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: caliper. Weight. Timepoint: at baseline and after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: seca scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: The first day of the study and the last day of 8th week. Method of measurement: calculation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: exclusion criteria: patients with metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, hypertentin, glocose intolarate, diabetic, pregnancy are not included in the study. INCLUSION CRITERIA:filled testimonial, aged between 20‐46,BMI more than 25,dont take supplement, dont be on diet for weight loss during 6 months ago, dont have renal, hepatic,diabet disease,smoking
 SOLIDARITY Finland Plus Long-COVID;  The SOLIDARITY Finland Plus Long‐COVID is the long‐term follow‐up of the SOLIDARITY Finland Plus trial. With local adjustments, this clinical trial follows the WHO core protocol. SOLIDARITY Finland (Plus) is an adaptive, randomized, open‐label clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of imatinib, infliximab, and local standard of care in hospitalized adult patients diagnosed with COVID‐19.) Study population: The study population consists of adult patients (18 years and older) with laboratory‐confirmed SARS‐2‐CoV‐2, who are admitted to the hospital ward or the intensive care unit (ICU). Adult hospital patients, with definite COVID‐19 and, as per the responsible doctor, no contraindication to the study drugs were entered into the online electronic data collection system and randomly allocated (1:1:1, if no contraindications) between: 1. the local standard of care alone or 2. local standard of care plus oral imatinib (until discharge or up to 14 days) or 3. local standard of care plus a single intravenous infusion of infliximab. Exclusion criteria: There are several drug‐specific exclusion criteria. Contraindications to be randomized to the infliximab study arm include tuberculosis, hepatitis B, severe bacterial infection, unstable cardiac insufficiency, multiple sclerosis, or hypersensitivity to infliximab, or previous regular use of biological medication with immunomodulatory effects. Contraindications to be randomized to imatinib include hepatitis B, liver cirrhosis, and hypersensitivity to imatinib. In addition to drug‐specific exclusion criteria, the trial also has several general exclusion criteria. These include very poor prognosis due to comorbidity ( an estimated less than three months life expectancy), ASAT/ALAT‐ratio over five‐fold the upper limit, severe renal failure (GFR < 30), acute myocardial infarction or unstable angina pectoris, pregnancy or breastfeeding. Hospitalized patients are recruited from August 2021 onwards in participating hospitals to the SOLIDARITY Finland Plus trial. During patient recruitment and before randomization, the following data are to be collected (via the WHO database): 1. hospital and randomizing doctor 2. confirmation that patient has provided consent 3. patient identifiers, age, and sex 4. major comorbidities, including diabetes, heart disease, chronic lung disease, chronic liver disease, asthma, HIV infection, obesity 5. hospitalization date 6. COVID severity by 1. possible respiratory support: no oxygen, low‐flow oxygen, high‐flow nasal oxygen, non‐invasive ventilation, invasive ventilation, and ECMO. 2. SpO2 (%) and respiratory rate. 7. Imaging abnormalities. 8. Locally available study drugs. Consent: All prospective patients for the long‐term follow‐up have already consented to SOLIDARITY Finland Plus during their hospital stay. In the SOLIDARITY Finland Plus Long‐COVID, patients will receive, by mail, an information letter, consent form, and questionnaires. The mail will be sent three days before the three follow‐up time points, which are at six months, one, and two years. Patients may reply by i) sending back the completed documents, ii) scheduling a phone call with an investigator for an interview, or iii) declining participation. If the patient does not reply in 21 days (from the day the investigators sent the questionnaire to the patient), the investigators will send one reminder by mail and, if there will not be a reply, then the investigators will approach the patient via telephone at around 14 (12‐15) days from the reminder mail. The phone call will be attempted twice: during and after office hours. If the patient does not answer the phone, the investigators will also send a text message to inform them about the reason for our attempted phone call. Questionnaire (symptoms and characteristics): Our multidisciplinary team of clinicians, methodologists, and patient partners developed a questionnaire that records basic patient information. This questionnaire has already been in use with the long‐term follow‐up of patients who received remdesivir in the SOLIDARITY Finland trial. The questions include i) date of completing the questionnaire, ii) age, iii) height and weight, iv) smoking status (never, ex‐smoker, current smoker), v) possible comorbidities, and whether diagnosed before or after COVID‐19‐infection (obstructive sleep apnea, stroke, coronary artery disease, diabetes, hypertension, cancer, and any psychiatric disease), vi) employment (student, unemployed, employed, sickness allowance, retired), vii) working capability in comparison to the pre‐COVID‐19 state, viii) physician visits due to symptoms associated with COVID‐19, ix) physician‐diagnosed long‐COVID‐19 syndrome. Questionnaires will also document long‐term symptoms. Relevant long‐COVID‐19 ‐symptoms (in total 20) were identified from recent publications and review articles. This same questionnaire will be used at one and two years. Exertional and cardiopulmonary symptoms potentially related to COVID include fatigue, postexertional malaise, dyspnea during exercise, chest discomfort, palpitations, cough, and respiratory mucous discharges. Main neuropsychiatric symptoms potentially related to COVID include generalized fatigue, attention and memory deficits, sleeping difficulties, depression and anxiety, dizziness, and even sensory disturbances such as paresthesias and changes in taste or smell perceptions. Other commonly encountered symptoms potentially related to COVID include widespread pains (muscle and joint pains, headache), skin rash, nausea, and fever. The burden from each individual symptom is an ordinal variable and will be graded from 0 to 3, where 0 represents no symptom, 1 represents mild bother, 2 moderate bother, and 3 severe bother due to the symptom. Dyspnea is assessed in accordance with the Modified Medical research council dyspnea scale (mMRC) from 0 to 4, where 0 represents dyspnea only with strenuous exercise, and 4 the presence of dyspnea even with mild physical activity, e.g., dressing clothes. To capture the dimensions of recovery, the investigators will use the Core Outcome Measure for Recovery, which has been recommended for use in COVID‐19 research. Quality of life: The investigators have obtained permission from EuroQol to use the EQ‐5D‐5L questionnaire to record the patient's QoL. EQ‐5D‐5L assesses the domains of mobility, self‐care, usual daily activities, general pain/discomfort, anxiety/depressions, and an overall impression of health. The first five domains are graded from 1 to 5, while the last uses the visual analogue scale from 0 to 100. Due to our multiethnic patient population, the questionnaires have been translated into the following languages: Albanian, Arabic, English, Estonian, Farsi, Finnish, Russian, Somali, and Swedish. The above‐mentioned questionnaire (Finnish language version as the original) has also been translated into these languages. Data security and future use of data: Patient information will be encrypted and held securely by the Sponsor. Those analyzing it will use only pseudonymized data, and no identifiable patient details will appear in publications. Data from questionnaires will also be analyzed using pseudonymized data. The investigators have taken care to limit the questions to necessary and clinically relevant aspects related to long COVID. Primary outcome variables: i) Symptoms: Each 20 symptoms between the two treatment arms will be compared. These are measured as follows; each range from 0 to 3 (0 = No symptom. 1 = Symptom exists and causes small bother. 2 = Symptom exists and causes moderate bother. 3 = Symptom exists and causes severe bother.) ii) QoL: Using the EQ‐5D‐5L to compare domain‐specific scores between the two treatment arms. Additional variables (at 1 or 2 years; depending on future funding and ethical approval decisions; currently the study has ethical approval for long‐COVID and quality of life assessments only): ‐ Registry data: Mortality data will be obtained from Digital and Population Data Services Agency (Finnish Digital Agency)). Underlying causes of death will be obtained from Statistics Finland and classified according to the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th revision). In line with the Finnish regulations, any consent will not be required from the study patients to acquire information on their census data, vital status, and causes of death for registry research purposes. Comorbidity will be obtained from Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare THL. These will be performed through linkage the patient national identification number to registry records. This study is unlikely well‐powered to measure changes in mortality; however, being aware of the vital status is important for the overall follow‐up of study participants. ‐ Spirometry parameters are continuous variables as absolute values (liters = L; liters per second = L/s), percentage of reference values, and z‐values. These include VC, FVC, FEV1, FEV1/VC, peak expiratory flow (PEF), the maximal expiratory flow at 50 % (MEF50), and the forced expiratory time (FET). Spirometry will be performed with a bronchodilator test to assess the changes between baseline and after bronchodilation. Diffusing capacity parameter DLCO is a continuous variable with ml/min/mmHg as the unit. ‐ Entire genomes will be sequenced to identify single‐nucleotide polymorphisms that would associate with long‐COVID symptoms and the effect of imatinib or infliximab. Subgroup analyses: For the primary outcomes, a priori planned subgroup analysis will be performed for whether the patient needed oxygenation at hospital admission (the investigators hypothesize that the treatment effect is larger for those without extra oxygen than those with extra oxygen at hospital admission). Comparisons between the two treatment arms will be performed as follows: ‐ Descriptive statistics: Descriptive statistics will be presented with numbers and percentages for categorical variables and means, standard deviation, and range for continuous variables. In the case of clearly skewed continuous variables, they will be presented with median, interquartile range (25th and 75th percentiles), and range. Demographics and baseline characteristics will be presented with descriptive statistics without any hypothesis testing. ‐ Continuous variables will be subject to repeated measures mixed models or appropriate non‐parametric alternatives. ‐ Binary response variables will be analyzed using logistic regression (possibly adjusting for within‐subject dependencies by generalized estimating equations or mixed models) or chi‐square/Mantel‐Haenszel tests. ‐ If missing data is regarded as having a significant effect on the conclusions of the trial, sensitivity analyses with different methods for handling missing data will be included.
 Comparison of Dexmedetomidine, Lidocaine and Fentanyl in attenuation hemodynamic response of laryngoscopy and intubation in patient undergoing cardiac surgery;  INTERVENTION: Dexmedetomidine 1 microgram per kilogram of body weight intravenously over 10 minutes. Fentanyl 2 microgram per kilogram of body weight intravenously Intervention 1: Dexmedetomidine 1 microgram per kilogram of body weight intravenously over 10 minutes. Intervention 2: Lidocaine (1%), 1.5 milligram per kilogram of body weight intravenously 90 seconds before intubation. Intervention 3: Fentanyl 2 microgram per kilogram of body weight intravenously. Lidocaine (1%), 1.5 milligram per kilogram of body weight intravenously 90 seconds before intubation Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Intubation. ; other medical peocedures other medical peocedures PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: After intubation and at 1, 3, 5 and 10 minutes before intubation. Method of measurement: With arterial line. Heart rate. Timepoint: After intubation and at 1, 3, 5 and 10 minutes before intubation. Method of measurement: Number by SADAT, Alborz B5 Monitoring system. Mean arterial blood pressure. Timepoint: After intubation and at 1, 3, 5 and 10 minutes before intubation. Method of measurement: With arterial line. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: After intubation and at 1, 3, 5 and 10 minutes before intubation. Method of measurement: With arterial line. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 30‐80 years; ASA class II and III; no allergy to the study drugs; lack of BMI=30; lack of diabetes; non pregnancy; lack of asthma; lack of chronic kidney and liver diseases; lack of long QT; lack of addiction. Exclusion criteria: time of intubation for more than 15 seconds; any kind of difficult intubation.
 A randomized controlled study of peramivir, oseltamivir and placebo in patients with mild influenza;  Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of peramivir trihydrate in patients with influenza. Methods: This was a randomized, double‐blind, double‐dummy, placebo and positive control, multicenter clinical trial, comparing peramivir trihydrate with oseltamivir and placebo. The inclusive criteria were 15‐70 years old, onset within 48 h, positive rapid influenza antigen test, and febrile (>38℃) accompanied with at least two associated symptoms. The severe cases complicated with chronic pulmonary and cardiac diseases, malignancies, organ transplantation, hemodialysis, uncontrolled diabetes, immunocompromised status, pregnancy and coexistence of bacterium infections were excluded. All patients were randomized 2∶2∶1 to receive peramivir, oseltamivir and placebo respectively. The primary endpoint was the disease duration, the secondary endpoints included time to normal axillary temperature and normal living activities, viral response, and adverse effects. Results: Following informed consent, 133 patients were included in this study. Four patients were exclude due to missing medical records, not fitting inclusion or exclusion criteria and poor compliance. A total of 129 patients were finally analyzed, including 49 cases, 54 cases and 26 cases in peramivir group, oseltamivir group and placebo group. The median disease duration were 96 (76, 120) hours, 105 (90,124) hours, and 124 (104, 172) hours in three groups respectively (P>0.05) . The time to normal axillary temperature, normal living activities and viral response were not significantly different in three groups (P>0.05) . Conclusion: The value of antiviral therapy in patients with mild influenza needs to be further determined.
 Effectiveness of adding allopurinol to the treatment of manic patients;  INTERVENTION: Both groups of patients will receive similar sodium valproate. Allopurinol 600 mg daily (300 mg twice daily) in intervention group. Both groups of patients will receive similar sodium valproate. placebo with similar appearance, dosage, and from same pharmaceutical company in control group. Intervention 1: Both groups of patients will receive similar sodium valproate. placebo with similar appearance, dosage, and from same pharmaceutical company in control group. Intervention 2: Both groups of patients will receive similar sodium valproate. Allopurinol 600 mg daily (300 mg twice daily) in intervention group. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Mania. ; Manic episode Manic episode PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mania. Timepoint: 1, 7, 14, 21, 28 days or at the end of treatment. Method of measurement: YMRS and CGI. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Uric acid. Timepoint: 1, 28 days or at the end of treatment. Method of measurement: Serum level. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: All patients who are admitted to psychiatric wards of Farshchian Psychiatry Hospital, Hamedan, Iran, for acute phase of mania according to DSM IV‐TR. Exclusion criteria: 1) General health priority; 2) Having other psychiatric diagnostics such as schizophrenia, anxiety disorders and etc; 3) Consumption of substance or dependence on alcohol during the past month; 4) Existence of prominent problem in their laboratory tests; 5) History of serious cardiac, respiratory, nervous, endocrine, kidney disease, and uncontrolled diabetes; 6) Pregnancy and breastfeeding; 7) Consumption of drugs such as Azathioprine, Mercaptopurine, Apalcillin, Amoxicillin, Ampicillin, Warfarin and Theophylline; 8) Sensitivity to Allopurinol; 9) The need for ECT during the treatment; 10) Having YMRS < 17.
 The effect of crocin on MS;  INTERVENTION: Control group: patients receiving placebotwice daily. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Patients receiving 30 mg of crocin twice daily. Intervention 2: Control group: patients receiving placebotwice daily. Intervention group: Patients receiving 30 mg of crocin twice daily. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Multiple sclerosis (of): NOS brain stem cord disseminated generalized Multiple sclerosis. ; Multiple sclerosis (of): NOS brain stem cord disseminated generalized PRIMARY OUTCOME: DNA damage. Timepoint: first week and fourth week. Method of measurement: ELISA. IL‐17. Timepoint: first week and fourth week. Method of measurement: ELISA. Lipid peroxidation. Timepoint: first week and fourth week. Method of measurement: ELISA. Thiol groups. Timepoint: first week and fourth week. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometery. TNF‐a. Timepoint: first week and fourth week. Method of measurement: ELISA. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: first week and fourth week. Method of measurement: spectrophotometery. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Recently diagnosed relapsing‐remitting MS patients; Patients between 20‐40 years old exclusion criteria: Receiving immunomodulatory drugs such as interferons; Diabetes; Chronic disease like cardiac, liver or kidney disease; Smoking; Pregnancy and lactation; EDSS>4; Any rheumatologic disease or vasculitis; History of hypersensitivity to saffron
 Insulin Resistance and Metformin Use on Volume of Benign Thyroid Nodules;  It has been shown that insulin might be involved in the pathogenesis of thyroid growth. Previous studies suggest that metformin (MTF) therapy decreased thyroid volume and nodule size in subjects with insulin resistance (IR). Objectives To evaluate the impact of IR and metformin use on the volume of benign thyroid nodules (TNs). Methods A randomized clinical trial to placebo (P) or MTF use. Previous fine needle aspiration confirming the diagnosis is necessary to inclusion. Exclusion criteria were: nodules with a predominantly cystic pattern, pregnancy, diabetes, acromegaly, previous use of MTF, levothyroxine, corticoid or any weight loss medication in the past six months, hepatic or cardiac insufficiency, creatinine levels > 1.4 mg/dL and MTF intolerance doses >1.0 gram/day. Patients will receive similar tablets of MTF and placebo and will be instructed to take 3 tablets/day of MTF (500mg/tablet). Thyroid volume, as TN volume, will be accessed by ultrasound, both in the beginning, six months and one year after randomization, by the same researcher blinded regarding location group. Blood samples to measure: TSH, FT4, TPO‐Ab, lipid profile, glucose and insulin were done after 8h fasting.
 Effectiveness of PRP in treatment of Knee degenerative disorder;  INTERVENTION: 5 cc of PRP injection in 4 weeks interval and knee isometric exercise (4 types) 3 times in day, 10 times every exercise Intervention 1: 5 cc of PRP injection in 4 weeks interval and knee isometric exercise (4 types) 3 times in day, 10 times every exercise. Intervention 2: knee isometric exercise (4 types) 3 times in day, 10 times every exercise. knee isometric exercise (4 types) 3 times in day, 10 times every exercise Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Gonarthrosis [arthrosis of knee] Knee osteoarthritis. ; Gonarthrosis [arthrosis of knee] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Function. Timepoint: 6 months. Method of measurement: WOMAC Questianir. Quality of life. Timepoint: 6 months. Method of measurement: SF36 questinair. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: history of chronic (at least 3months) pain or swelling of the knee and imaging ?ndings (X‐ray or MRI) of degenerative changes of the joint according of American college of Rheumatology. Exclusion criteria: systemic disorders such as diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, major axial deviation (varum 20 degree, valgum 20 degree), hematological diseases (coagulopathy), severe cardiovascular diseases, infections, immunodepression, patients in therapy with anticoagulants or antiaggregants, the use of NSAIDs in the 2 days before blood donation and patients with Hb values of 12 and platelet values of 150,000/mmc; Pregnancy; breast feeding; vasovagal shock; severe trauma; injection of corticosteroid in knee joint since 2 weeks ago.
 Effect of Phenytoin cream on incision due to normal vaginal delivery;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Placebo phenytoin sodium cream of the drug distribution company Tehran ‐ Iran and Betadine solution purchased 10% of the pharmaceutical company's medipharm Kish ‐ Iran Intervention 1: Intervention group: phenytoin sodium cream 1% of the drug distribution company Tehran ‐ Iran and Betadine solution purchased 10% of the pharmaceutical company's medipharm Kish ‐ Iran. Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo phenytoin sodium cream of the drug distribution company Tehran ‐ Iran and Betadine solution purchased 10% of the pharmaceutical company's medipharm Kish ‐ Iran. Intervention group: phenytoin sodium cream 1% of the drug distribution company Tehran ‐ Iran and Betadine solution purchased 10% of the pharmaceutical company's medipharm Kish ‐ Iran Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of Episiotomy. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy wound healing. Timepoint: 24 hours, 5 and 10 days after delivery. Method of measurement: Reeda scale (redness, edema, ecchymosis, discharge, near the edge of the wound). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: The women with 18‐35 years old and full term pregnancy (37 to 42 weeks) being nulliparous; no specific diseases (cardiovascular; hepatic; renal; diabetes; coagulopathy diseases; anemia); non‐ obese (BMI<29; according to the same scale); singelton; cephalic presentation; episiotomy on gynecological bed; time of repair less than 30 minutes; episiotomy repair by chromic catgut sutures. exclusion criteria: Hematomas during and after the repair of episiotomy; extended Episiotomy; excessive bleeding after childbirth; manipulation of the perineum, uterus and cervixe; prolonged rupture of amniotic sac more than 18 hour; use of assistive devices (vacum during delivery); no smoking and alcohol.
 Effect of Apium Graveolence and Trachyspermum Copticum traditional product on clinical symptoms of patients with Functional Dyspepsia;  INTERVENTION: Apium Graveolense beans 250 mg plus Trachyspermum Copticum beans 250 mg, two times daily,after meal Corn starch 500 mg, two times daily, after meal Intervention 1: Apium Graveolense beans 250 mg plus Trachyspermum Copticum beans 250 mg, two times daily,after meal. Intervention 2: Corn starch 500 mg, two times daily, after meal. Intervention 3: Omeprazol 20 mg, daily. Omeprazol 20 mg, daily Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Functional Dyspepsia. ; Indigestion Indigestion PRIMARY OUTCOME: Quality of life. Timepoint: At baseline, 2, 4, 8 weeks. Method of measurement: NDI10 quality of life scale. Severity assessment of dyspepsia. Timepoint: During 8 weeks follow up study. Method of measurement: The gastrointestinal symptom scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Side effects. Timepoint: During 12 weeks follow up study. Method of measurement: Questionnair. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria are 18 to 60 year‐old patients with Functional Dyspepsia, without organic disorders on physical examination and endoscopy Exclusion criteria are Pregnancy and Lactation; History of convulsion; Active UTI; Use of chemical and herbal drugs of functional dyspepsia; use of anticoagulant drug;serious diseases like diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, Esophagus and gastrointestinal surgery, severe mental retardation, drug abuse, patient’s unwillingness to continue the project, not filling out the consent form History of peptic ulcer or reflux disease; Alarm sign (Weight loss, Anemia, Bloody stool, Dysphagia,etc
 Compare the efficacy of nanocrystalline silver dressings compared with ?conventional dressings in patients with impaired upper limb crushed fingers;  INTERVENTION: Control group: applying normal wound dressing in control group.? Intervention 1: Intervention group: applying nano crystalline silver in intervention group. Intervention 2: Control group: applying normal wound dressing in control group.?. Intervention group: applying nano crystalline silver in intervention group. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Crush injury. ; Crushing injury of forearm Crushing injury of forearm PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improving wound. Timepoint: End of first, second, third and fourth (4 times) after surgery. Method of measurement: Clinical. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 18 to 70 years with Finger injury with damage to the muscle of the ?upper limb; crush injury in ?10 to20 centimeter in muscles. Exclusion criteria: involvement of tendons, blood vessels, muscles, nerves and bones at the site of damage; systemic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, metabolic disorders, collagen vascular, immuno suppression (diabetes, transplant) malignant;   inflammatory and infectious diseases at the same time; malnutrition (important in wound healing); addiction; pregnancy; breastfeeding; need for limb amputation;Loss of consciousness and traumatic brain injury; need for further surgery on the wound; history of skin allergy to silver; infected wounds before applying the dressing first stage
 Effect of taping on low back pain during menstruation in female students of Semnan University of Medical Sciences;  INTERVENTION: Control group: During menstruation, no kinesio taping will be used. Intervention 1: Intervention: During menstruation, kinesio taping will be attached over the para spinal muscles of lumbar vertebral column using H technique. Two longitudinal band of kinesio tape will be attached over the left and right para vertebral muscles of vertebral column and a transverse band will be attached over the right and left L5 and S1 vertebra during. Intervention 2: Control group: During menstruation, no kinesio taping will be used. Intervention: During menstruation, kinesio taping will be attached over the para spinal muscles of lumbar vertebral column using H technique. Two longitudinal band of kinesio tape will be attached over the left and right para vertebral muscles of vertebral column and a transverse band will be attached over the right and left L5 and S1 vertebra during. Rehabilitation CONDITION: Menstrual back pain. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: before and after 5 days of taping. Method of measurement: visual analogue scale. Severity of pain. Timepoint: Before and after 5 days of taping. Method of measurement: McGill Pain questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disability. Timepoint: Before and after 5 days of taping. Method of measurement: Oswestry disability index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Young female student with low back pain during menstruation Exclusion criteria: Diabetes; neuro‐muscular diseases; musculoskeletal disease; cardiovascular disease; respiratory disease; systemic diseases; spondylolisthesis and spondylolysis; surgical history in lumbar region; history of trauma to vertebra column during last weak; disc herniation; sign of nerve root compression; polyneuropathy; carcinoma; vertebra tumor; pregnancy; history of lumbar exercise training during last three months.
 Study of the effects of local platelet-rich plasma (PRP) injection versus autologous blood injection in patients with lateral epicondylitis;  INTERVENTION: An Injection of 2cc PRP or autologous blood Intervention 1: An Injection of 2cc PRP or autologous blood. Intervention 2: Rest,Tennis elbow strap,Acetaminophen,Wrist extensors stretching and strengthening exercises. Rest,Tennis elbow strap,Acetaminophen,Wrist extensors stretching and strengthening exercises Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Lateral epicondylitis Lateral epicondylitis. ; Lateral epicondylitis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: 0,1,2 month. Method of measurement: VAS Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Elbow function. Timepoint: 0,1,2 month. Method of measurement: Modified Mayo clinic performance index for the elbow Questionnaire. Pressure pain threshold. Timepoint: 0,1,2 month. Method of measurement: Algometer sundoo. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: history of chronic (at least 3months) pain or swelling of the lateral epicondyle and pain more than 5 of 10 according to visual analogue scale. Exclusion criteria: systemic disorders such as diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, hematological diseases (coagulopathy), severe cardiovascular diseases, infections, immunosuppression, patients in therapy with anticoagulants or antiaggregants, the use of NSAIDs in the 2 days before blood donation and patients with Hb values of 10 and platelet values of 100,000/mmc; Pregnancy; vasovagal shock; injection of corticosteroid in since 2 weeks ago;any injection in site of tenderness since 1 month ago;malignancy;history of CTS,cervical radiculopathy or radial neuropathy.
 The effect of oral Aprepitant and Ondansetron injection on postoperative nausea and vomiting;  INTERVENTION: group 2: Aprepitant capsule 80mg 1 hour before operation and placebo ampule (normal saline) after anesthetic induction is administered group 3: Aprepitant capsule 80mg 1 hour before operation and Ondansetron 4mg intravenous after anesthetic induction is administered group1: Ondancetron ampule 4mg intravenous after anesthetic induction and placebo capsule 1 hour before operation Intervention 1: group1: Ondancetron ampule 4mg intravenous after anesthetic induction and placebo capsule 1 hour before operation. Intervention 2: group 2: Aprepitant capsule 80mg 1 hour before operation and placebo ampule (normal saline) after anesthetic induction is administered. Intervention 3: group 3: Aprepitant capsule 80mg 1 hour before operation and Ondansetron 4mg intravenous after anesthetic induction is administered. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Nausea and vomiting nausea and vomitting. ; Nausea and vomiting PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nausea and vomitting. Timepoint: 6 and 24 hours after operation. Method of measurement: VAS criteria. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hospitalization period. Timepoint: at discharge time. Method of measurement: hospitalization days. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: women between 18 to 50 years old with ASA class 1 and 2 with at least 2 criteria of APFEL (female; nonsmoker; motion sickness or PONV history; using opioids 100mcg fentanyl or equivalent ) Exclusion criteria: women under 18 or greater than 50 years old; AA class 3 or more; cholecystectomy in other anesthesia; systemic disease like diabetes; asthma; cardiovascular; reflux, severe obesity; pregnancy; breast feeding; hepatic and renal disease; neuromuscular disease; psychotic disease; addiction; acute cholecystitis.
 Effect of Flutamide and Metformin administered in dieting overweight-obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Flutamide and/or Metformin Hypocaloric dieting Intervention 1: Flutamide and/or Metformin. Intervention 2: Hypocaloric dieting. Intervention 3: Placebo. Lifestyle Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycistic overian syndrome Polycistic overian syndrome. ; Polycistic overian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric measurement. Timepoint: monthly. Method of measurement: physical examination. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting insulin. Timepoint: 6 months. Method of measurement: lab. Hirsotism. Timepoint: 6 months. Method of measurement: physical examination. Serum glucose. Timepoint: monthly. Method of measurement: lab. Serum Lipid. Timepoint: monthly. Method of measurement: Lab. Testosteroe, OHEA, SHBG. Timepoint: 6 months. Method of measurement: lab. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Reproductive age (range 18‐45 yr), body mass index (BMI) at least 28 kg/m2, and waist circumference at least 88 cm, chronic an ovulation severe oligomorrhea or amenorrhea, hirsutism (Ferriman – Gallwey score 8), total testosterone levels at least 0.72 ng/ml and polycystic ovarian morphology at ultrasound. Exclusion criteria: Use of any medication or a significant modification in body weight within the previous 3 months or dieting, hyperprolactinemia, cushing’s syndrome, late–onset congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroid dysfunction, diabetes, cardiovascular, renal or Liver diseases, positive pregnancy test.
 Anesthetic efficacy of intraoral mucoadhesive Amitriptyline in healthy volunteers;  INTERVENTION: The right or left labial alveolar mucosa of the upper incisor apices will be used for topical anesthesia application. The side will be randomly determined with the table of random numbers. The mucoadhesive amitriptyline and the control patch will be placed on the labial alveolar mucosa and the corresponding contralateral tissue sites. The right or left labial alveolar mucosa of the upper incisor apices will be used for topical anesthesia application. The side will be randomly determined with the table of random numbers. The mucoadhesive amitriptyline and the control patch will be placed on the labial alveolar mucosa and the corresponding contralateral tissue sites.. CONDITION: Anesthetic efficacy of intraoral mucoadhesive Amitriptyline in healthy volunteers. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anesthetic. Timepoint: 15, 30, 45 minutes after removal patches. Method of measurement: The pain rating score (PRS) and visual analog scale (VAS) will be measured after insertions of a 27‐gauge needle. SECONDARY OUTCOME: . Timepoint: At 30 minutes and 24 and 48 hours after the removal of the patch. Method of measurement: Local irritation will be rated as follows: 0 = no irritation, 1 = minimal (blood vessels raised above normal levels), 2 = moderate (beet redness of mucosa, individual blood vessels not discernible) and 3 = severe (blister formation and necrosis evident). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women between the ages of 20 and 40 years Exclusion criteria included systemic conditions (such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, renal insufficiency, hepatic dysfunction …..), allergic reactions to antidepressants, pregnancy, history of nerve injury, receiving drugs, neuropathy
 Effect of sesamin supplementation in rheumatoid arthritis women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Sesamine supplement, 200 mg caps per day for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo group: placebo caps for 6 weeks. Intervention group: Sesamine supplement, 200 mg caps per day for 6 weeks Placebo group: placebo caps for 6 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Rheumatoid arthritis. ; Seropositive rheumatoid arthritis Seropositive rheumatoid arthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Total antioxidant capacity (TAC). Timepoint: Before the intervention and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Interlukin 6. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. TNF‐alpha. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willing to participate in study; Clinical diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis (meeting the American college of rheumatology 1987 criteria); No smoking or addiction; No drug type and dose fluctuation since 1 month prior to the study and during intervention period ; Not having severe cardiovascular; hepatic; kidney; gastrointestinal; thyroid; parathyroid diseases; diabetes and inflammation; Not using medications except for AR conventional drugs; No pregnancy or lactation Exclusion criteria: developing illnesses which need particular cures or interfere with intervention such as increasing the disease activity or trauma; alcoholic; sensitivity to sesame
 Effect of oral ketamine versus placebo on pain relief in patients with renal colic;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intramuscular injection of pethidine 1 mg/kg to maximum of 100 mg plus a single dose of 5 mg/kg oral ketamine 0.5%. Intervention 2: Intramuscular injection of pethidine 1 mg/kg to maximum of 100 mg plus a single dose of 0.1 mg/kg oral glucose 5%. Intramuscular injection of pethidine 1 mg/kg to maximum of 100 mg plus a single dose of 0.1 mg/kg oral glucose 5%. Intramuscular injection of pethidine 1 mg/kg to maximum of 100 mg plus a single dose of 5 mg/kg oral ketamine 0.5% Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Renal colic. ; Unspecified renal colic Unspecified renal colic PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of pain. Timepoint: before and 3 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: using Visual Analog Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Number of vomiting. Timepoint: before and 3 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: with question. Severity of nausea. Timepoint: before and 3 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: using Four Point Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: (a) having renal colic; (b) age of 18 to 60 years. Exclusion criteria: (a) having psychological or personality disorder; (b) pregnancy or breastfeeding; (c) having cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, epilepsy, glaucoma, or diabetes.
 Effect of zinc supplementation in major depression;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Taking a Zinc sulfate capsule, 25 mg once a day for 12 weeks (intervention). Intervention 2: Taking a placebo capsule once a day for 12 weeks. Placebo Taking a placebo capsule once a day for 12 weeks Taking a Zinc sulfate capsule, 25 mg once a day for 12 weeks (intervention) Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Major Depression. ; Severe depressive episode without psychotic symptoms Severe depressive episode without psychotic symptoms PRIMARY OUTCOME: Depression. Timepoint: at the begining, after 6 and 12 weeks of supplementation. Method of measurement: Hamilton and Beck Depression Rating Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Plasma concentration of brain‐derived growth factor. Timepoint: Before and after 12 weeks of treatment. Method of measurement: Biochemical assay. Plasma concentration of Interleukin‐6. Timepoint: Before and after 12 weeks of treatment. Method of measurement: Biochemical assay. Plasma concentration of Tumor Necrosis Factor‐a. Timepoint: Before and after 12 weeks of treatment. Method of measurement: Biochemical assay. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ A diagnosis of major depressive disorder ‐ Have no current medical illness (diabetes, cancer, cardiovascular, inflammatory, liver or renal diseases) ‐ No antepartum or postpartum depression ‐ Current treatment with medication except for depressive disorder ‐ Current use of multivitamin‐mineral supplement Exclusion criteria: ‐ pregnancy or lactation ‐ any change in medication ‐ A diagnosis of a new medical illness during study
 Comparing the effect of acupuncture and medical treatment on subjective symptoms and neuromuscular electrophysiologic changes in patients with cervical disk herniation;  INTERVENTION: Control group: four different types of isometric exercises plus 100 mg Celebrex tablets, twice daily (morning and night) Intervention 1: Intervention: acupuncture with 0.25*40 mm size needles on 20 acupoints , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month. Intervention 2: Control group: four different types of isometric exercises plus 100 mg Celebrex tablets, twice daily (morning and night). Intervention: acupuncture with 0.25*40 mm size needles on 20 acupoints , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Cervical disc disorders Cervical disc herniation. ; Cervical disc disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Changes in electrodiagnostic tests (CMAP, DML, DSL, MNCV). Timepoint: Three months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Repeating the mentioned tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical symptoms (neck, shoulder or arm pain, numbness and tingling). Timepoint: Three months after the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Major eligibility criteria: age older than 20 years old; confirmed diagnosis of cervical disc herniation; willing to participate in the study. Major exclusion criteria: polyneuritis or lesions of the cervical radicolopathy; hypothyroidism; multiple myeloma; amyloidosis; inability to perform daily functions individually; previous acupuncture treatment or surgery for cervical disc herniation; insulin dependent diabetes; pregnancy or less than 3 month post partum; epilepsy; cardiovascular disease; history of gastrointestinal disease and intolerance for NSAIDS; history of warfarin or heparin consumption or a hemorrhagic disease; definite indication for surgery based on rheumatologic consult and red and yellow flags.
 ???Comparing the effect of acupuncture and medical treatment on clinical symptoms and Electromyography/Nerve Conduction Velocity (EMG/NCV) changes in patients with CTS;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Brace and 100mg celebrex tablets, twice daily (morning and night) Intervention 1: Control group: Brace and 100mg celebrex tablets, twice daily (morning and night). Intervention 2: Intervention: Acupuncture with 0.25*40 mm size needles on 20 acupoints , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month. Intervention: Acupuncture with 0.25*40 mm size needles on 20 acupoints , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month. Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Carpal tunnel syndrome. ; Nerve, nerve root and plexus disorders G50, G51, Nerve, nerve root and plexus disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical symptoms (pain, numbness, tingling, muscle weakness and night awakening ). Timepoint: 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: global symptom score (GSS). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Changes in Electrodiagnostic tests (CMAP, DML, DSL, MNCV). Timepoint: 3 months after the end of intervention. Method of measurement: repeating the mentioned tests. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Major eligibility criteria: Over 20 yrs of age; pain and tingling along the median nerve route; willing to participate in the study. Major exclusion criteria: Polyneuritis or lesions of the cervical radicolopathy; hypothyroidism; multiple myeloma; amyloidosis; inability to perform daily functions individually; previous acupuncture treatment or surgery for CTS; insulin dependent diabetes; pregnancy or less than 3 month post partum; epilepsy; cardiovascular disease; history of gastrointestinal disease and intolerance for NSAIDS; history of warfarin or heparin consumption or a hemorrhagic disease.
 Effects of Cycloserine on Pain After Lumbar Diskectomy;  INTERVENTION: Each of participant in case‐group will be received one capsule containing cycloserine USP 250mg orally 2 hours before surgery. In the control group, each patient will be received a placebo capsule orally 2 hours before surgical intervention. These capsules have similar shape, color, weight of cycloserine ones. Intervention 1: Each of participant in case‐group will be received one capsule containing cycloserine USP 250mg orally 2 hours before surgery. Intervention 2: In the control group, each patient will be received a placebo capsule orally 2 hours before surgical intervention. These capsules have similar shape, color, weight of cycloserine ones. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: G55.1*, M5 Lumbar Disk Herniation. ; Nerve root and plexus compressions in intervertebral disc disorders Nerve root and plexus compressions in intervertebral disc disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lumbar pain. Timepoint: 2, 6 and 12 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: VAS (visual analog scale). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Sensory and motor condition. Timepoint: 2, 6 and 12 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Frankel classification. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age: 18‐70 years 2. Weight: 60‐80kg 3. Informed consent 4. Matched clinical and imaging findings Exclusion criteria: 1. Previous surgery 2. Alcohol or drug addiction 3. Side effects of morphine during study 4. Pregnancy 5. Lactation 6. History of depression 7. History of seizure 8. Multilevel laminectomy or diskectomy 9. Analgesic therapy in the last day 10. Complete postoperative recovery 11. History of diabetes or cardiovascular disease 12. Aphasia or visual loss
 Study of the acute effects of Knee Joint Kinesio taping on deep sense deficiency caused by fatigue in healthy athletes;  INTERVENTION: Control group: In 21 persons of control group won’t be performed any intervention (without taping) and only the results compared with experimental group. Intervention 1: Intervention group: In 21 persons of intervention group taping on hamstring muscle is performed for athletes. Then, the knee articular angle reconstruction errors are measured again by Biodex system to compare with control group. Intervention 2: Control group: In 21 persons of control group won’t be performed any intervention (without taping) and only the results compared with experimental group. Intervention group: In 21 persons of intervention group taping on hamstring muscle is performed for athletes. Then, the knee articular angle reconstruction errors are measured again by Biodex system to compare with control group. Rehabilitation CONDITION: knee joint. ; Other internal derangements of knee Other internal derangements of knee PRIMARY OUTCOME: Knee articular angle reconstruction error. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Biodox Machine. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: healthy athletes that have aged 18 to 30 years without history of knee injury. Exclusion criteria: persons who have history of cardiovascular disease; diabetes; blood pressure; Orthopedic Disorders; pregnancy.
 The Effects of Atorvastatin on Spinal Cord Injury;  INTERVENTION: Each of participant in case‐group will be received Atorvastatin 20mg orally every 12 hours. In the control group, each patient will be received a placebo tablets orally every 12 hours. These capsules have similar shape, color, weight of atorvastatin ones. Intervention 1: Each of participant in case‐group will be received Atorvastatin 20mg orally every 12 hours. Intervention 2: In the control group, each patient will be received a placebo tablets orally every 12 hours. These capsules have similar shape, color, weight of atorvastatin ones. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Injury of spinal cord, level unspecified Spinal cord injury. ; Injury of spinal cord, level unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Lumbar back pain. Timepoint: Primary, 6 weeks and 6 months following end of treatment. Method of measurement: V.A.S (visual analog scale). Sensory and motor condition. Timepoint: Primary, 6 weeks and months following treatment. Method of measurement: Frankel classification. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hepatic Injury. Timepoint: Primary, 6 weeks and 6 months following treatment. Method of measurement: Liver Function Tests. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Age: 18‐70 years; 2. Weight: 60‐80kg; 3. Informed consent; 4. Matched clinical and imaging findings; 5.C4 to L2 vertebral fractures; 6. Frankel Impairment Scale level A, B or C Exclusion criteria: 1. Pregnancy; 2. Lactation; 3. History of depression; 4. History of seizure; 5. History of diabetes, hepatic disorder or cardiovascular disease; 6. Aphasia or visual loss; 7.Unable to receive atorvastatin orally
 Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation on serum levels of malondialdehyde, total antioxidant capacity and paraoxonase1 in polycystic ovary syndrome patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 2 placebo capsules containing sunflower oil for 2 months Intervention 1: Intervention group: 2 capsules of omega‐3 containing 360 mg EPA and 240 mg DHA for 2 months. Intervention 2: Control group: 2 placebo capsules containing sunflower oil for 2 months. Intervention group: 2 capsules of omega‐3 containing 360 mg EPA and 240 mg DHA for 2 months Placebo CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Malondialdehyde(MDA). Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Fluorimetry method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Paraxonase1(PON1). Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: FRAP. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:woman with polycystic ovary syndrome; 20‐35 years old and BMI=25‐40; Exclusion criteria: Thyroid disorders; hyperprolactinemia; cushing syndrome; liver,kidney and cardiovascular disease; diabetes; pregnancy and lactation; smoking; use of anti obesity drugs; lipid lowering agent; glucocorticids; anti coagulation drugs; use a lowering weight diet; have a usual sports program; receiving omega‐3 supplement during 2 month ago and receiving any nutritional supplements during the study.
 Intrauterine Cleaning After Placental Delivery at Cesarean Section: RCT;  Background Caesarean section is the most common major surgical procedure performed in obstetric practice. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) estimates that in 2011 alone, one in three women who gave birth in the United States did so by cesarean delivery. Compared to vaginal births, the increasing rate of caesarean births worldwide is a well known cause of maternal morbidity, including hemorrhage, anesthetic complications, shock, cardiac arrest, acute renal failure, assisted ventilation, venous thromboembolism and increased risk of major postpartum infection. With increasing cesarean section rates and its associated complications, obstetricians are challenged to reduce perioperative and postoperative morbidity by adapting their surgical skills and techniques. Over the years, randomized clinical trials have tried to answer many questions surrounding the safety of several cesarean section techniques that impart maternal morbidity. For example, the optimal type of cesarean section skin incision, whether or not to create a bladder flap, one layer versus two later closure of the uterus, irrigating the abdominal cavity, closure versus non closure of the parietal peritoneum, and suture versus staples for skin closure at cesarean section. Cleaning the uterine cavity following cesarean section is a routine practice by many obstetricians. To ensure that the entire placenta and membranes are removed after delivery of the placenta at cesarean, the uterine cavity is usually cleaned with one hand holding a dry sponge to remove any remaining membranes or placental tissue, while the other hand is placed on the fundus to stabilize the uterus. However, despite the lack of evidence to support a policy of routine intrauterine cleaning after placental delivery at cesarean section, the benefits of intrauterine cleaning as a routine practice during cesarean sections remains uncertain. Obstetricians who do not routinely clean the uterine cavity after placental delivery argue that this procedure is not performed routinely after vaginal deliveries, and thus is a justification not to do so during cesarean sections.. To date, there has been no study, including randomized clinical trials that has answered this very important question, hence the importance of this trial. Objective: The goal of this study is to employ a well designed randomized controlled clinical trial to compare the efficacy of cleaning versus not cleaning the uterine cavity after placental delivery at cesarean section. We hypothesize that omission of intrauterine cleaning during cesarean deliveries does not increase intraoperative and postoperative complications Our primary outcome measure will be endomyometritis after delivery. Endomyometritis will be diagnosed by the presence of two or more of the following: abnormally tender uterus on examination, temperature more than 38.0°C at any time postoperatively, and unexplained maternal tachycardia more than 100 beats per minute (bpm). A diagnosis of endomyometritis will be criteria for initiating treatment with antibiotics. Secondary outcomes will include post partum hemorrhage, mean surgical time, retained products of conception, retained placenta, quantitative blood loss, length of hospital stay, return of gastrointestinal function, repeat surgery, and hospital readmission rates Potential Contribution: METHODS: Procedures: Patients admitted for cesarean section and meeting inclusion criteria will be approached for consent. Consented patients will then be randomized into two groups. Sample Size estimation: This study may show an optimal method for dealing with the uterine cavity after placental delivery. The results may show in the long run whether routine cleaning of the uterine cavity following placental delivery is beneficial or not. Timeline: Once this study is approved we plan on recruiting patients for 18 months. Once our recruitment period is complete we will perform data collection and analysis for two months. We have an estimated end date 3‐4 months after recruitment has completed. Recruitment: All eligible patients for cesarean section at the Sparrow hospital/Michigan State University OBGYN resident Clinic and OBGYN patients of the Sparrow Perinatal Center will be evaluated for study inclusion. All patients meeting the study's inclusion criteria and lack exclusion criteria will be approached for consent and enrollment. Patients will be given a consent form to review at home prior to their admission for cesarean section. For unscheduled patients, consent will be sought following the physician's decision to proceed with cesarean section. Patients will have adequate time to consider enrollment and discuss options with their physician prior to cesarean section. All eligible patients who present to labor and delivery for cesarean section will be examined upon presentation. After inclusion criteria have been met, the patient will be approached for consent to participate in the study. Patients will be given study information and the consent form to review. Consent will be documented by the patient's signature indicating understanding and agreement to participate in the study. Group 1: (Cleaning the uterine cavity): These participants will have their uterine cavities cleaned with a dry laparotomy sponge after delivery of the placenta. Per standard protocol, the uterus will be explored with one hand holding a sponge to remove any remaining membranes or placental tissue, while the other hand is placed on the fundus to stabilize the uterus. Group 2: (Not cleaning the uterine cavity): These participants will have their uterine cavities left alone after complete delivery of the placenta. The placenta will be inspected after delivery to make sure it is complete, including the membranes. Informed Consent: All eligible patients undergoing cesarean delivery at Sparrow hospital will be given study information and the consent form to review. Consent will be documented by the patient's signature indicating understanding and agreement to participate in the study. Sources of Materials: Data to be abstracted from the participant's charts will include demographic information (age, race, socioeconomic status), obstetric characteristics (parity, gestational age, indication for cesarean section, membrane status at time of cesarean section, and post operative complications as listed above). To protect patient confidentiality, only individuals directly involved in the study will have access to identifiable private patient information. Data Security: Patient confidentiality will be protected by making sure that only individuals involved in the study will have access to identifiable patient information. Collected information will be coded and stripped of identifiers. Assignment will be performed by opening a sequentially numbered opaque envelope containing computer‐randomized individual allocations. The envelope will be opened by the circulation nurse in the operating room and silently viewed by the surgeons prior to surgery. Instructions will be given to not verbalize the treatment arm revealed. The original randomization will be performed by research staff before the initiation of the study using a random number table generator, and the participants will be blinded to treatment once assigned. Information regarding basic demographic data, interventions during the cesarean delivery and postpartum course will be obtained from the participant's charts after discharge from the hospital. The protocol for labor management will be the same for both groups (for laboring patients), including continuous electronic fetal monitoring with the external Doppler device. Per standard operative management at Sparrow Hospital/Michigan State University, both groups will undergo inspection of the uterine incision, with or without closure of the vesicouterine peritoneum (bladder flap), abdominal peritoneum, or rectus muscles per attending preference. Both groups will undergo standard closure of the abdominal fascia, consisting of suturing with a running non locking delayed absorbable suture. Irrigation of the subcutaneous tissues superior to the closed fascia will be performed in both groups. Staples or absorbable suture will be used for skin closure. In addition, all participants will receive a standardized dose of 1‐2 g cefazolin intravenously as antibiotic prophylaxis before the start of surgery. Participants with cefazolin allergy will receive 900 mg clindamycin. Statistical analysis: Analysis will be based on intention‐to‐treat. A Cox proportional hazard model will be used to estimate the hazards ratios between the two groups and will be adjusted for confounders. The proportional hazard assumption will be checked graphically by plotting the log‐log of the survival probability and confirmed using Schoenfeld residuals. Comparison of other continuous variables will be done by independent t‐test and categorical variables will be compared by the chi‐squared test or Fisher exact test as appropriate. Interval data and non‐ parametric testing will be analyzed with the Mann‐Whitney U test. The 95% confidence intervals (CIs) will be reported throughout. A significance level of 0.05 will be used when significance testing was necessary. Logistic regression will be used to analyze for potential confounding in the analysis of the primary outcome. The predetermined analysis will be to include in the model variables that appeared not to be randomly distributed during the randomization, as well as variables thought to be potential confounders clinically. Analyses will be performed using STATA version 13.0 (Stata Corp, College Station, TX). After reviewing the literature, we considered a 20% reduction between groups to be clinically significant. We used a 20% difference and a type 1 error rate of 0.05 and a power of 0.90 for a two sided test. This will require randomization of 206 women (103 patients in each group) to obtain an adequate sample size. Benefits: The study is not designed to provide direct benefits to research participants. However, if the hypothesis is true, participants in the study group may enjoy the benefit. Since the anticipated risks to participants are minimal, the risks to subjects are reasonable in relation to the anticipated benefits. The knowledge gained from this study has the potential of significantly impacting obstetrical clinical practice. It will provide evidence that can be used in decision making and options presented to women at cesarean section. The results, if our hypothesis is true, will contribute to the long term goal of providing safe efficacious options during cesarean section, which will reduce morbidity, cost of health care and length of hospital stay. Assessment of Risks and benefits Subject Characteristics: Pregnant women with a singleton or multiple pregnancies, vertex or breech presentation with intact membranes presenting to our labor and delivery unit for an elective cesarean section will be eligible for participation. We anticipate enrolling a minimum of 206 patients. Women will be excluded if any of the following criteria are encountered: preterm premature rupture of membranes, spontaneous rupture of membranes prior to cesarean section, chorioamnionitis, fetal demise, uncontrolled diabetes or an immunosuppressive disorder. The involvement of pregnant women in this study, a vulnerable population, is inevitable since cesarean section is a procedure performed only in this patient population. The study will be restricted to Sparrow Hospital/Michigan State University. Potential Risks: Just like all cesarean sections, patients are at risk of hemorrhage, chorioamnionitis, anesthetic complications, hemorrhagic shock, cardiac arrest, acute renal failure, assisted ventilation, venous thromboembolism and post operative infections. In this study, even though we will not be cleaning the uterine cavity, we will ensure that the placenta and membranes are removed in its entirety. Protection against Risks: Major risks above and beyond those incurred with standard medical care are not anticipated with this protocol. Cesarean section is a common procedure in obstetrical practice. Not cleaning the uterine cavity during cesarean section is standard of care by some of the attendings here at Sparrow. Safety will be monitored by the investigators. In the case of an adverse event, it will be submitted to the Human research Protection Office (HRPO) here at Sparrow per standard HRPO reporting guidelines. Data and Safety Monitoring Plan: Although the risks to study participants are expected to be minimal and no greater than those associated with routine cesarean sections, a number of measures are planned to ensure patient safety. Monitoring will involve the principal investigator who will monitor, document, and report to the Institutional Review Board, any adverse events among study participants. Data and Safety and Monitoring ‐ Dr Maude Guerin will serve as the consultant for this research study. She will be tasked with ensuring the overall safety of the subjects enrolled in the study. She will be responsible for interpreting results of the interim analysis and making decisions including stopping the study. Interim analysis‐ Interim efficacy analysis will be conducted with endometritis as the primary outcome of interest. Analyses will be performed by the study statistician and presented to the DSMB. The board will make a recommendation regarding further conduct of the study. The principal investigator will not be informed of the results of the interim analysis unless the DSMB determines that some level of unblinding is necessary to make final decisions about the conduct of the study. Possible decisions include stopping the study because efficacy has been achieved or because futility, and modifying sample size.
 Platelet rich plasma for treatment of plantar fasciitis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Patients in the control group receive injection of 1 cc methyl prednisolone and 1 cc lidocaine at tender point of plantar fascia in medial surface of the foot. Intervention 2: Patients in the intervention group receive injection of 3 cc PRP at tender point of plantar fascia in medial surface of the foot. Patients in the control group receive injection of 1 cc methyl prednisolone and 1 cc lidocaine at tender point of plantar fascia in medial surface of the foot Patients in the intervention group receive injection of 3 cc PRP at tender point of plantar fascia in medial surface of the foot Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Plantar fascial fibromatosis Plantar fasciitis. ; Plantar fascial fibromatosis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: Before and 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months after treatment. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Modified Roles and Maudsley score. Timepoint: Before and 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months after treatment. Method of measurement: Modified Roles and Maudsley Scale. Plantar fascia thickness. Timepoint: Before and 3 months after treatment. Method of measurement: B‐mode sonography. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age of between 18 and 65 years; having chronic plantar fasciitis with duration of more than 3 months; no adequate response to conservative treatments Exclusion criteria (not inclusion criteria): history of receiving corticosteroids within the last 6 weeks; history of surgical interventions in the ankle and the heel; receiving aspirin or NSAIDs within a week ago; history of stroke within the last three months; pregnancy or breast feeding; evidence of malignancy, anemia, diabetes, hypothyroidism, peripheral neuropathy, acute infection or fever, or coagulopathies
 Effects of Electronic Cigarettes on Nicotine Concentrations;  This is a randomized two‐period cross‐over study in which subjects who smoke greater than 10 cigarettes will be instructed to quit smoking and use either Joye (Ego C brand) with an 18 mg cartridge containing either a tobacco or tobacco mentholated flavor for one week. Prior to starting e‐cig use we will collect one blood sample for nicotine/cotinine as a measure of overall nicotine exposure. Subjects will use the device for one week and at the end of approximately one week of use, we will assess nicotine/cotinine concentrations (before and 5, 10, 15, 20 and 30 minutes after the onset of ECIG use), pulmonary function tests (before and 5 minutes after ECIG use), and subjective impressions of satisfaction. At the end of one week, subjects will be crossed over to the other condition and assessments will be repeated after another week of E‐cigarette use. A total of 30 smokers will be recruited from the surrounding areas via advertisements in newspapers and radio advertisements and University of Connecticut Health Center (UCHC) broadcast e‐mail. Posters will be placed in clinical areas to recruit from physician practices. Current smokers are being proposed for three reasons: 1) we wish to determine whether nicotine levels from e‐cigarettes rise to the levels of regular cigarettes when used by regular smokers; 2) we wish to determine if there are any differences seen in pulmonary function when a person switches from regular cigarettes to e‐cigarettes; 3) we wish to evaluate the level of satisfaction that regular smokers have with e‐cigarettes. All of these questions will have implications for later, more extensive studies of e‐cigarettes, particularly in regard to their utility as a smoking cessation modality. Once a potential study subject calls and expresses interest in the study, preliminary inclusion criteria will be assessed over the phone. Inclusion criteria include 1) at least 18 years of age; 2) current use of at least 10 cigarettes daily; 3) willing to abstain from cigarette smoking, and substitute e‐cigs, for approximately 2 weeks; 4) able to read and sign a consent form; Exclusion criteria: 1) unstable medical or psychiatric disorders as determined by the principal investigator; 2) pregnancy; 3) known hypersensitivity to nicotine or propylene glycol or menthol; 4) previous myocardial infarction (M.I.) or stroke; 5) uncontrolled hypertension [Blood pressure (BP) >160/100); 6) insulin dependent diabetes; 7) known chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or asthma.
 Investigation effect of Silybum marianum and Panax ginseng on allergic rhinitis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group 2 are prescribed Silybum marianum capsule 140mg two times daily and standard medication. Intervention 2: The control group are prescribed standard medication only. Intervention 3: The intervention group 1 are prescribed Panax ginseng capsule 500mg two times daily and standard medication. The control group are prescribed standard medication only. The intervention group 1 are prescribed Panax ginseng capsule 500mg two times daily and standard medication. The intervention group 2 are prescribed Silybum marianum capsule 140mg two times daily and standard medication. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Allergic rhinitis, unspecified Allergic rhinitis. ; Allergic rhinitis, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nasal discharge. Timepoint: first day,seventh day,forteenth day,thirtieth day. Method of measurement: clinical evaluation. Nasal itching. Timepoint: first day,seventh day,forteenth day,thirtieth day. Method of measurement: clinical evaluation. Sneezing. Timepoint: first day,seventh day,forteenth day,thirtieth day. Method of measurement: clinical evaluation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nasal obstraction or congestion. Timepoint: first day,seventh day, fourteenth day, thirtieth day. Method of measurement: clinical evaluation. Occular itching. Timepoint: first day,seventh day, fourteenth day, thirtieth day. Method of measurement: clinical evaluation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 18‐55 year old paitients with allergic rhinitis for two last years. Exclusion criteria: Paitients with cardiac diseasis, asthma, high blood pressure, diabet melitus. Pregnancy and lactation. Paitients who use asprin, varfarin, anti hypertensive drugs and anti phsycotic drugs.
 Clinical evaluation and monitoring of adverse effects for fixed multidose combination against single drug therapy in pulmonary tuberculosis patients;  To evaluate the clinical and therapeutic value of 4 and 3 drug fixed dose combinations verses single drug formulations to treat pulmonary tuberculosis patients. The occurrence of adverse effects was also monitored. A total of 293 patients having sputum positive pulmonary tuberculosis were enrolled (Male: 187 and Female: 106). Patients with renal, hepatic, diabetic, cardiac problem and pregnancy were excluded from study. Patients were randomly selected into three groups (A, B, C). Group A and B were given FDCs and group C was given single drug formulations. All patients received 4 drugs in the intensive phase and 3 drugs in the continuation phase. Group A showed the highest percentage of patients who achieved sputum conversion (98.9%). The numbers of days taken to achieve sputum conversion on average were the least for Group B (32 days). When comparing the adverse effects, the patients of Group C suffered the most, with 22 patients who vomited repeatedly, 3 complaining of itching, 2 with Jaundice and 1 dead. There was no significant difference in the efficacy among the three treatment regimens. However the side effects observed in all three groups strongly indicate that FDCs are safer for treating TB patients. There were no side effects in the continuation phase.
 Comparison of two methods of graft in patients who are candidate for gingival grafts;  INTERVENTION: control group: surgery of gingival graft (connective tissue graft) Intervention 1: intervention group: surgery of graft of stypro plus platelet rich plasma plus platelet rich fibrin. Intervention 2: control group: surgery of gingival graft (connective tissue graft). intervention group: surgery of graft of stypro plus platelet rich plasma plus platelet rich fibrin Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Gingival recession Inadequate width and thickness of keratinized gingiva. ; Gingival recession PRIMARY OUTCOME: Thickness of keratinized gingiva. Timepoint: 1,2 and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: with endodontic files. Width of keratinized gingiva. Timepoint: 1,2 and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: rolling and logul solution. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: everyday until one week after surgery. Method of measurement: with VAS. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:patients with inadequate width(2 mm or less) and thickness(1 mm or less) of keratinized gingiva bilaterally at buccal in one root teeth;without muscle attachment; with 5 to 7 mm depth of the vestible; adjacent teeth have enough width and thickness of keratinized gingiva. exclusion criteria:pregnancy;clotting disorders;diabete;cardiovascular problems;hypertension;radiotherapy;cancer;other systemic disorders
 A clinical trial to study the efficacy and safety of topical gel containing fixed dose combination of Amitriptyline, Lidocaine and Capsaicin in treatment of neurogenic pain associated with localized peripheral neuropathies;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Topical gel containing fixed dose combination of Amitriptyline, Lidocaine and Capsaicin: Topical gel containing FDC of Amitriptyline hydrochloride (2.0%), Lidocaine hydrochloride (2.5%) and Capsaicin (0.075%) 2‐3 times a day for 4 weeks Control Intervention1: NIL: NIL CONDITION: Localized peripheral neuropathies PRIMARY OUTCOME: &#61656;Mean change in Pain Intensity as assessed by VAS ; &#61656;Mean change in Allodynia (pain due to a stimulus that does not normally cause pain, e.g., stroking) as assessed by VAS ; &#61656;Mean change in Hyperalgesia (severe pain due to a stimulus that normally causes slight pain, e.g., a pin‐prick) as assessed by VAS ; &#61656;Pain disability index score ; &#61656;Investigator?s and Patient?s Global assessment of the treatment on 14th Day ; ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 0,2nd,3rd and 4th Weeks SECONDARY OUTCOME: &#61656;By the type, number, frequency and proportion of patients with Adverse Event(s) ; &#61656;Concomitant medication (to be taken to overcome any adverse events) if any ; ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 2nd,3rd and 4th Weeks INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Male and Female patients with age more than 18 years. 2.Written informed consent signed by patient and willing to comply with the study procedure. 3.Patients with established diagnosis of neurogenic pain associated with localized peripheral neuropathies (e.g. Post herpetic neuralgia, Diabetic neuropathy, Post‐surgical/ traumatic neuropathic pain.). 4.Presence of dynamic tactile allodynia or pinprick hyperalgesia in the area of pain. 5.Except neurogenic pain and diseases associated with it patient is judged to be in general good health based on medical history and physical examination. 6.In case of woman of childbearing potential willing to use effective contraception during the study and willing to undergo pregnancy test. 7.Patients having pain rating of at least 4 on a VAS of 0?10. 8.Concurrent stable doses of orally non‐opioid, opioid, and analgesics are allowed (including antidepressants or anticonvulsants).
 Evaluation of Oxytocin,s effect in comparison with placebo on craving; withdrawal and stress response due to heroin;  INTERVENTION: Group1: one time 40 IUs intranasal Oxytocin(Pitocin ) from NOVARTIS company Group2 : one time 40 IUs intranasal saline Intervention 1: Group1: one time 40 IUs intranasal Oxytocin(Pitocin ) from NOVARTIS company. Intervention 2: Group2 : one time 40 IUs intranasal saline. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Withdrawal syndrome. Condition 2: Craving. ; Mental and behavioural disorders due to use of opioids ; Mental and behavioural disorders due to use of opioids Mental and behavioural disorders due to use of opioids PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical symptom of withdrawal syndrome of heroin. Timepoint: before and after receiving oxytocin. Method of measurement: clinical opioid withdrawal scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical opiod craving. Timepoint: before and after receiving oxytocin. Method of measurement: clinical opioid craving scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects must meet DSM‐IV criteria for current heroin dependence ( within the past six months). Subjects must be at the beginning of treatment period and must abstain from heroin for at least three days prior to testing. patients willing to participate in the intervention‐ The age range of subjects must be between 20 to 60 years old. Subjects must be literate. Exclusion Criteria : Women who are pregnant, nursing or of childbearing potential and positive of pregnancy test. Subjects with evidence of or a history of significant hematological, endocrine, cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal, drug allergy or neurological disease including diabetes, as these conditions may affect physiological/subjective responses. Subjects with Addison's disease, Cushing's disease or other diseases of the adrenal cortex likely to affect hormonal/neuroendocrine status. Subjects with current major depressive disorder, bipolar or post‐traumatic stress disorder as
 Effects of 8 Weeks of Endurance Training;  INTERVENTION: consumption of nettle extract alone in 8 weeks endurance training with ergometer alone 3 times in week in 8 weeks Endurance Training with Ergometer and Consumption of Nettle Extract in 8 weeks In Group control with placebo in 8 week Intervention 1: Endurance Training with Ergometer and Consumption of Nettle Extract in 8 weeks. Intervention 2: consumption of nettle extract alone in 8 weeks. Intervention 3: endurance training with ergometer alone 3 times in week in 8 weeks. Intervention 4: In Group control with placebo in 8 week. Lifestyle Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity,unspecified overweight and obese women. ; Obesity,unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Chemerin. Timepoint: before the training and after the training. Method of measurement: nanogram/liter ng/l. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Omentin ‐1. Timepoint: before the training and after the training. Method of measurement: nanogram/liter ng/lit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria : Age range 30‐45 years ; having a level of physical and mental health ; body mass index (BMI) greater than 25 kg/m2; the observance of the low‐fat and low‐carbohydrate diet ; lack of participation in any regular activity Sport during the 6 months before the start of practice ; lack of cardiovascular disease ; arthritis ; diabetes ; hormonal disorders ; kidney disease and liver ; surgery ; non‐tobacco consumption ; use of herbal medicine and any therapeutic intervention effective on the laboratory results. Exclusion criteria : do not complianci diet ; participate in sports activities ; disease during the training ; pregnancy during the training ; Breast feeding ; use of herbal medicine except nettle and Lack of regular participation of individuals in each groups.
 The Healthy Moms Study: comparison of a Post-Partum Weight Loss Intervention Delivered Via Facebook or In-Person Groups;  Post‐partum weight retention contributes to obesity for many women, increasing risk for cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases and complicating future pregnancies. Lifestyle interventions have shown to be modestly efficacious for post‐partum weight loss in randomized controlled trials, yet interventions with numerous visits are logistically challenging for many post‐partum women. Innovative and efficacious treatment models for post‐partum weight loss that fit into the busy lives of new moms are needed, and cost‐effectiveness is critical for adoption. Facebook may be an efficient platform for delivering evidence‐based weight loss programming to post‐partum women. Delivering interventions via Facebook allows us to connect with post‐partum women where they are, more fully integrating into their lives and daily routines. Investigators have developed a post‐partum weight loss intervention based on the Diabetes Prevention Program, tailored to needs of post‐partum women and for delivery via Facebook. Investigators will conduct a feasibility pilot randomized trial comparing delivery of a post‐partum weight loss intervention via Facebook to in‐person group sessions. Primary outcomes are the feasibility of recruitment, sustained participation, contamination, retention, and feasibility of assessment procedures in both treatment conditions. Weight loss will be described as an exploratory outcome. The project will provide preliminary data needed to finalize the design of a large randomized trial to compare the non‐inferiority and cost‐effectiveness of the post‐partum weight loss intervention delivered via Facebook versus in‐person group sessions. Demonstrating cost‐effectiveness in addition to efficacy of our Facebook‐delivered post‐partum weight loss intervention is critical to support widespread implementation.
 Effect of prophylactic infusion of phenylephrine on mothers’ hemodynamic at Caesarean section with spinal anesthesia;  INTERVENTION: In the control group, Phenylephrine was not injected; in the case of hypotension, common treatment with ephedrine is used to control blood pressure. Immediately after intrathecal injection of the anesthetic, mothers were measured and recorded for their vital signs every minute until their delivery, and, also, every three minutes to the end of the surgery by monitoring device. In the experiment group, 12.5 milligram anesthetic bupivacaine hyperbaric 0.5 was injected intrathecally using 25‐spinal needle in L4‐L‐5 environment and patients immediately were set in supine position. Immediately after intrathecal injection of the anesthetic, mothers were measured and recorded for their vital signs every minute until their delivery, and, also, every three minutes to the end of the surgery by monitoring device. Intervention 1: In the experiment group, 12.5 milligram anesthetic bupivacaine hyperbaric 0.5 was injected intrathecally using 25‐spinal needle in L4‐L‐5 environment and patients immediately were set in supine position. Immediately after intrathecal injection of the anesthetic, mothers were measured and recorded for their vital signs every minute until their delivery, and, also, every three minutes to the end of the surgery by monitoring device. Intervention 2: In the control group, Phenylephrine was not injected; in the case of hypotension, common treatment with ephedrine is used to control blood pressure. Immediately after intrathecal injection of the anesthetic, mothers were measured and recorded for their vital signs every minute until their delivery, and, also, every three minutes to the end of the surgery by monitoring device. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Other complications of spinal and epidural anaesthesia during pregnancy Spinal anesthesia. ; Other complications of spinal and epidural anaesthesia during pregnancy PRIMARY OUTCOME: Infant apgar. Timepoint: 1, 5 and 10 minutes after delivery. Method of measurement: Based on the observations by the doctor. Mean arterial pressure. Timepoint: Beginning to the study, every minute till the delivery and every three minutes to the end of the study. Method of measurement: By monitoring device. Mothers diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Beginning to the study, every minute till the delivery and every three minutes to the end of the study. Method of measurement: By monitoring device. Mothers heart bit. Timepoint: Beginning to the study, every minute till the delivery and every three minutes to the end of the study. Method of measurement: By monitoring device. Mothers systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Beginning to the study, every minute till the delivery and every three minutes to the end of the study. Method of measurement: By monitoring device. Nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: Beginning to the study, every minute till the delivery and every three minutes to the end of the study. Method of measurement: Based on the observations by the doctor and asking the patients. Oxygen saturation in mothers. Timepoint: Beginning to the study, every minute till the delivery and every three minutes to the end of the study. Method of measurement: By monitoring device. Sensory block level. Timepoint: 1, 3, 5 and 30 minutes after spinal anesthesia. Method of measurement: Based on the observations by the doctor. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion: single pregnancy, BMI larger than 20and less than 35, over 36 weeks of pregnancy, patients at their 18 to 40, patients’ satisfaction. Exclusion: coagulopathy or infection in spinal or any other contraindications to spine anesthesia, sensitivity to phynylephrine and bupivacaine, mothers’ hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, cerebrovascular disease, congenital abnormalities of the fetus, diabetic mothers
 Comparing the effect of Oral Contraceptive LD and Vitex to treat Polycystic ovarian syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Control group: LD tablet, containing 30 mcg ethinyl estradiol and 150 mcg levonorgestrel, one pill daily for first 21 days of each cycle through three cycles of 28 days. The last seven tablets in LD group contain placebo. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Vitex agnus tablet, containing standardized pure extract of Vitex agnus fruits with 2.1 to 3.3 mg acubin, two pills daily for three cycles of 28 days . Intervention 2: Control group: LD tablet, containing 30 mcg ethinyl estradiol and 150 mcg levonorgestrel, one pill daily for first 21 days of each cycle through three cycles of 28 days. The last seven tablets in LD group contain placebo. Intervention group: Vitex agnus tablet, containing standardized pure extract of Vitex agnus fruits with 2.1 to 3.3 mg acubin, two pills daily for three cycles of 28 days . Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: polycystic ovarian syndrome. ; Sclerocystic ovary syndrome Stein‐Leventhal syndrome Sclerocystic ovary syndrome Stein‐Leventhal syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Menstrual cycle length. Timepoint: One month, two months, three months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Calendar. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate level. Timepoint: Before the intervention and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Serum free testosterone level. Timepoint: Before the intervention and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Serum prolactin levels. Timepoint: Before the intervention and three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea (menstrual intervals longer than 35 days or no menstruation in the last three months); polycystic ovarian confirmed by ultrasound; age 45‐18 years; willingness to participate in the study; Body mass index between 18 and 35. Exclusion criteria: having other androgenic disorders such as adrenal hyperplasia or androgen‐producing tumors; contraindications of oral contraceptive LD including: smokers over 35 years, active liver diseases, systolic blood pressure equal to or above 140 mm Hg and diastolic equal to or above 90 mm Hg , diabetes for more than 20 years, gallbladder diseases, history of stroke, blood clots in the legs or lungs, heart attack and other cardiovascular problems, breast cancer, migraine with aura,... ; thyroid diseases; cushing's syndrome; currently taking oral contraceptives or other hormonal treatments; pregnancy; breastfeeding; history of surgery on one or both ovaries; taking dopamine antagonist dru
 investigating the effect of Whole body vibration in athletes following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: treatment group: Whole body vibration and exercise therapy including resistive exercises and perturbation exercises for 12 sessions in 4 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: exercise therapy including resistive exercises and perturbation exercises for 12 sessions in 4 weeks. CONDITION: S83.51 athletes following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. ; Sprain of anterior cruciate ligament of knee PRIMARY OUTCOME: 6m‐Timed Hop Test Limb Symmetry Index. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using chronometer. Map Volume of quadriceps muscle in motor cortex. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using Transcranial magnetic stimulation (MagPro X100). Active Motor Threshold. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using Transcranial magnetic stimulation (MagPro X100). Amplitude of Motor Evoked Potentials. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using Transcranial magnetic stimulation (MagPro X100). Center of Gravity of quadriceps muscle's map in motor cortex. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using Transcranial magnetic stimulation (MagPro X100). Central Activation Ratio. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using Biodex & stimulator. Disability in Activities of Daily Living. Timepoint: At the start of the study and 48 hours after end of the treatment. Method of measurement: By using Knee Outcome Survey Activities of Daily Living Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 18‐40 years old both of gender lll More than 6 months have passed since the surgery Edinburgh handedness inventory (EHI) questionnaire Tegner Activity Level Scale < 8 Have a history of anterior cruciate ligament surgery (all types of graft) without surgery for other ligament and meniscus injuries had no pain, inflammation or limited range of motion in the knee joint WBV contraindication: pregnancy, acute thrombosis, serious cardiovascular disease, pacemaker, acute hernia, discopathy, spondylolysis, severe diabetes, epilepsy, recent infections, severe migraine, tumors or kidney stones. TMS contraindication: having a history of seizures, epilepsy (first‐degree person or family), head injury or brain injury, having metal in the head (outside the mouth) such as a surgical clip, implantation Welded cochlear implants, history of a bad reaction to an MRI or TMS, history of stroke, brain‐related diseases such as MS or brain tumor, history of faint
 Diet, Physical Activity and Breastfeeding Intervention on Maternal Nutrition, Offspring Growth and Development;  Introduction: in Chile as well as in most of the world, obesity and related chronic diseases (cardiovascular diseases, cancer and diabetes (NCDs)) are presently the main causes of death and disability. Although these conditions are observed mostly in adulthood, there is now considerable evidence that indicates that they are rooted in the first 1000 days of life (from ‐1 to + 2yrs of life). Several studies show that maternal BMI before conception and during pregnancy predict future risk of obesity and associated metabolic conditions for both mother and offspring. Weight gain during the first two years of life is also critical, not only to ensure infant survival, but also in defining the infant's predisposition to the emergence of chronic diseases during adulthood. From a population perspective, the most effective approach to counteract the epidemic of obesity and NCDs is to prevent them. Recommendations for healthy diets and physical activity during pregnancy and infancy, as well as monitoring of nutrition goals are currently available in the Chilean primary health care system. However, most of these recommendations are not up to date and virtually all are poorly implemented. Objective: to assess the effectiveness of delivering (via primary health centers) an intervention that enhances compliance with up to date nutrition and health care standards (regarding diet, physical activity and breastfeeding promotion) during pregnancy and the first year of life. The main goal is that mothers achieve adequate nutritional status & metabolic control, during and early after pregnancy, and that infants grow and develop healthily (adequate linear and ponderal growth according to WHO standard, while avoiding excess BMI gains) Methods: this is a cluster randomized controlled trial (CRCT), designed as a public health "program effectiveness" study (i.e. intervention will be available through the established national health system under standard operating conditions). The cluster units will be 12 primary health care centers (PHCC) in South‐East Santiago randomly allocated to: 1) enhanced nutrition and health care standards (intervention group) or 2) routine care (control group). Women seeking care before 15 weeks of pregnancy, residents within a catchment area of selected PHCCs, who are not planning to move in the next two years will be invited to participate in the study. Pregnant women classified as high risk according to the norms of the Chilean Ministry of Health (MoH)and/or underweight (BMI<18.5) will be excluded. We will recruit 200 women in each PHCC and assuming a 20% loss to f‐up we will end with 960 women per arm of the study. After randomization, pregnant women in the intervention PHCCs starting at their first pre‐natal visit (< 15 wks.) will receive, diet and physical activity (PA) counseling‐support based on updated recommendations and monitoring goals for weight gain & glycemic control and breastfeeding (BF) promotion till 12 months postpartum. Pregnant women who attend control PHCCs will receive routine antenatal care according to national guidelines. The outcomes will be: 1)achievement of adequate nutritional status & metabolic control during pregnancy: a. Weight gain according to Institute of Medicine (IOM) recommendations, b. glycemic control based on ADA 2011 recommendations, 3. No weight retention at 12 months, and 2) healthy infant growth and development: a) height and BMI growth based on WHO standards, b) normal abbreviated psychomotor development test (TEPSI) and evaluation scale of psychomotor development (EEDP) at 12 months. Mothers & infants will be monitored to ensure the safety of the intervention (assessment of undernutrition, micronutrient deficiency and indices of poor nutrition). Data will be collected as part of routine health care activities and analyzed based on the allocation to each study group ("intention to treat"). Results will be presented as appropriate effect sizes with a measure of precision (95% confidence intervals). Further exploratory analyses will be based on those participants that fully follow the protocol ("per‐protocol analyses"). Expected results: we expect that the intervention will benefit the participants in achieving adequate nutritional status & metabolic control, during and early after, pregnancy as well as adequate infant growth & development as a result of an increase in the impact of standard nutrition and health care practices. The results should be potentially extended to the rest of the primary health care system given the "program effectiveness" approach that will be taken. Additionally, we expect that this study will serve as a core project in which other ancillary projects will be nested. Gathered information should contribute to a better understanding of how to develop effective interventions to halt the maternal and obesity epidemic and its associated co‐morbidities in the Chilean population.
 The impact of hospital-based training to improve the treatment of patients with heart failure;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Due to ethical considerations regarding the control group to obtain his address, educational booklets and CD with phone and e‐mail address to respond to their questions, they will be available after completion of the study. Educational interventions with scientific content approved by professors are conducted in four sessions. The first session held on admission includes providing the patients with a brief introduction about the study objectives and their conditions, collecting information about their training needs, providing educational pamphlets, and face‐to‐face training for 10 minutes. The second session held during discharge includes their familiarization with self‐care behaviors through face‐to‐face training for 20 minutes and presentation of educational clips in form of CD. The third session held two weeks after discharge includes questions about performance of the intended behaviors at home, responding to the patients’ questions by meeting them in the clinic (considering the physicians’ visit), and collecting information. Finally, the last training session held at the end of the fifth and sixth weeks after discharge (considering the physicians’ next visit) includes review of the previously learnt Intervention 1: Due to ethical considerations regarding the control group to obtain his address, educational booklets and CD with phone and e‐mail address to respond to their questions, they will be available after completion of the study. Intervention 2: Educational interventions with scientific content approved by professors are conducted in four sessions. The first session held on admission includes providing the patients with a brief introduction about the study objectives and their conditions, collecting information about their training needs, providing educational pamphlets, and face‐to‐face training for 10 minutes. The second session held during discharge includes their familiarization with self‐care behaviors through face‐to‐face training for 20 minutes and presentation of educational clips in form of CD. The third session held two weeks after discharge includes questions about performance of the intended behaviors at home, responding to the patients’ questions by meeting them in the clinic (considering the physicians’ visit), and collecting information. Finally, the last training session held at the end of the fifth and sixth weeks after discharge (considering the physicians’ next visit) includes review of the previously learnt issues, question and answer, and problem solving. The patients will be reminded to attend the meeting through making phone calls and sending SMS. This session will be held for groups of 7 to 10 subjects for one hour. The third stage of data collection will be carried out within the ninth and tenth weeks after discharge (considering the physicians’ next visit in the clinic). SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐. Timepoint: ‐. Method of measurement: ‐. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with heart failure who are literate and able to communicate. Exclusion criteria: underlying disease includes chronic kidney disease or diabetes, a degree in medical science, Exclusion of study due to personal reasons or failure to participate in training sessions (over 2 sessions) or exams. CONDITION: Cardiac asthma;Left heart failure;Oedema of lung;Pulmonary oedema(with mention of heart disease NOS or heart failure) Cardiac, heart or myocardial failure NOS Condition 1: heart failure. Condition 2: conjestive heart failure. Condition 3: Left ventricular failure. Condition 4: Heart failure, unspecified. ; Excl.:complicating:•abortion or ectopic or molar pregnancy (O00‐O07, O08.8) ; Congestive heart failure;Congestive heart disease;Right ventricular failure (secondary to left heart failure) ; Cardiac asthma;Left heart failure;Oedema of lung;Pulmonary oedema(with mention of heart disease NOS or heart failure) ; Cardiac, heart or myocardial failure NOS Congestive heart failure;Congestive heart disease;Right ventricular failure (secondary to left heart failure) Excl.:complicating:•abortion or ectopic or molar pregnancy (O00‐O07, O08.8) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Behavior. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Cues to action. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Efficacy. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Knowledge. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Perceived barriers. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Perceived benefits. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Perceived severity. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire. Perceived susceptibility. Timepoint: Before the intervention, two weeks and two months after the first intervention. Method of measurement: European Heart Failure Self‐care Behaviour questionnaire.
 Effect of Co-Q10 in migraine;  INTERVENTION: control group will receive daily two capsule of placebol for three months besides their usual treatments Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive daily two 200 mg capsule of Coenzyme Q10 with meal for three months besides their usual treatments. Intervention 2: control group will receive daily two capsule of placebol for three months besides their usual treatments. Intervention group will receive daily two 200 mg capsule of Coenzyme Q10 with meal for three months besides their usual treatments Placebo Prevention CONDITION: G43.0, G43 Migraine without aura [common migraine], Migraine with aura [classical migraine] Migraine. ; Migraine without aura [common migraine], Migraine with aura [classical migraine] SECONDARY OUTCOME: Physical activity. Timepoint: at the baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: IPAQ questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Female; patient tendency and ability to participate in the study; age between 18‐50; a definitive diagnosis of migraine based on IHS criteria; headache history for at least one year; episodic migraine with or without aura; having at least two headaches per month. Exclusion criteria: Menopause; suffering from tension type or other headaches; having chronic disease (such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disorders and functional liver disorders and cancers); having history of stroke or MI; smoking; pregnancy or intend to pregnancy or lactation; using CO‐Q10 during the last three month before study; daily or almost daily using(>15/month) of narcotics; using antioxidant supplements; consuming anti‐hypertention and anti‐hyperlipidemia drugs. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Added at 2017‐02‐08: Lactate. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐02‐08: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐02‐08: Elisa Kit. Added at 2017‐02‐08: Matrix metalloproteinases9. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐02‐08: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐02‐08: ELISA kit. Added at 2017‐02‐08: Nitric oxide. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐02‐08: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐02‐08: Elisa kit. Added at 2017‐02‐08: pyruvate. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐02‐08: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐02‐08: ELISA kit. Anthropometric measurements. Timepoint: at the baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: BMI, waist circumference and body fat percent. CGRP Neuropeptide. Timepoint: at the baselinen and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. Dietary intake. Timepoint: at the baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: 3 days food record. High density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL‐c). Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: anzymatic method. IL‐10. Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. IN‐6. Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. Low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐c). Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald Equation. MDA. Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: TBA (Thio Barbituric Acid). Migraine duration. Timepoint: at the baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Migraine severity. Timepoint: at the baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Migriane frequency. Timepoint: at the baseline, 6 and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Serum Co‐Q10 levels. Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: HPLC. TAC. Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: spectrophotometry. TNF‐a. Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. Total cholesterol (TC). Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: anzymatic method. Triglyceride(TG). Timepoint: at the baseline and 12 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic method.
 Combination of Neostigmine and Metoclopramide to reduce gastric residual volume in mechanically ventilated ICU patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intrvention group 1: Neostigmine 2.5 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Intervention 2: Intrvention group 2: Metoclopramide 10 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Intervention 3: Intrvention group 3: Neostigmine 2.5 mg + Metoclopramide 10 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial. Intrvention group 1: Neostigmine 2.5 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial Intrvention group 2: Metoclopramide 10 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial Intrvention group 3: Neostigmine 2.5 mg + Metoclopramide 10 mg in 100 ml normal saline infused during 30 minute at the beginning of trial Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: The relation of combination of Neostigmine and Metoclopramide with gastric residual volume in mechanically ventilated ICU patients. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Gastric residual volume. Timepoint: 0,3,6,9,12 hours after intervention. Method of measurement: Gastric lavage. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Albumin, hemoglobin, WBC, Na, K, Mg. Timepoint: Before trial. Method of measurement: laboratory kit. Hear rate, blood pressure. Timepoint: During trial. Method of measurement: Cardiac monitoring. SOFA. Timepoint: before trial. Method of measurement: SOFA calculator. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patient family agreement and informed written consent; under mechanical ventilation; nutrition via gastric tube; gastric residual volume greater than 120 cc; age between 20 and 60 years Exclusion criteria: diabetes; heart rate<60; heart blocks and arrhythmias; systolic BP<90 mmHg; hypothermia (core temperature<35); renal failure (serum Creatinin>1.5 in two consecutive test); prokinetic agents consumption during 8 hours before intervention; recent surgery on GI tract within 10 days; pregnancy and breast feeding; extrapyramidal sign; bronchospasm; hypokalemia (K<3 meq/L); known sensitivity to Neostigmine and metoclopramide; GI bleeding.
 Effects of Psilocybin in Advanced-Stage Cancer Patients With Anxiety;  The significance of this study is that it is addressing the important issues of psychological and spiritual well being of people who have advanced cancer. In 2001, the National Cancer Policy Board of the Institute of Medicine and National Research Council issued a report (Improving Palliative Care for Cancer: Summary and Recommendations) that specifically recommended research be conducted using novel agents and methods. Psilocybin is a novel agent which produces a profound alteration in your state of consciousness. It is the main active ingredient found in "magic mushrooms". Our specific aim is to learn whether this psychoactive drug, psilocybin, might be effective in reducing anxiety, depression and physical pain, and therefore improving your quality of life. This pilot study will start with 12 people ages 18‐70. For each participant there will be two overnight admissions to the hospital. In one session you will be given a placebo and in the other you will get the active medication, but no one will know which drug is administered when. This is called a double blind study. You will be asked to fill out questionnaires about how you feel, your pain levels and your moods. There will also be at least two psychotherapy meetings before the study sessions, so that you are fully aware of what to expect and to have all your questions answered. We cannot take you in the study if you have central nervous system (CNS) cancers, kidney disease, diabetes, abnormal liver function tests, epilepsy, cardiovascular disease including untreated high blood pressure (BP greater than 140/90), and pregnancy. The psychiatric exclusions are: you or an immediate family member with a history of a major psychiatric disorder, a current substance abuse problem, or an anxiety or a mood disorder within 1 year prior to the onset of symptoms of your current illness. We also cannot take you in the study if you are taking certain medications, such as: anti‐seizure, insulin and oral hypoglycemics, and cardiovascular drugs (except anti‐hypertensive medications). Some antidepressant (SSRIs) medications cannot be taken within the two weeks prior to the session (except for Prozac, which cannot be taken in the last 5 weeks prior to the session). You will get a MRI of the brain prior to admission (if you haven't had one in the prior two months), at the study's expense, to be sure there is no CNS involvement. You can provide us, or the study will pay for, lab work from the prior 2 weeks (CBC, liver function and renal function). The history and physical, neurological exam, EKG, and a urine pregnancy test (if you are a woman with child‐bearing potential), will be done on admission by the house staff doctors. You will be allowed to take your own medications while in the hospital, and will be encouraged to bring to the hospital personal photos, small memorabilia, and some of your favorite music that can be played during the sessions.
 The effect of raw red onion consumption on polycyctic ovary syndrome;  INTERVENTION: control group: usual diet plus less Liliaceous vegetables plus raw red onions (2 ×10‐15 gr/ day, one consumed with lunch and another with dinner) for 2 months Intervention 1: Intervention group: usual diet plus less Liliaceous vegetables plus raw red onions (2 ×40‐50 gr/ day for overweight and 2×50‐60 gr/day for obese patients, one consumed with lunch and another with dinner) for 2 months. Intervention 2: control group: usual diet plus less Liliaceous vegetables plus raw red onions (2 ×10‐15 gr/ day, one consumed with lunch and another with dinner) for 2 months. Intervention group: usual diet plus less Liliaceous vegetables plus raw red onions (2 ×40‐50 gr/ day for overweight and 2×50‐60 gr/day for obese patients, one consumed with lunch and another with dinner) for 2 months. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Polycystic ovary syndrome Polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Polycystic ovary syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hormonal parameters. Timepoint: the onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: serum levels of total testosterone, free testosterone, 17‐OH progesterone, 17‐ß stradiol, pregnenolone, 17‐OH pregnenolone, LH, FSH, DHEAS, androstenedione, SHBG. Metabolic parameters. Timepoint: the onset and the end of the study. Method of measurement: serum levels of fasting glucose and fasting insulin. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dietary pattern. Timepoint: the onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: 3‐day food record and questinnaire of liliaceaous vegetables. Obesity indices (waist circumference, BMI, Waist to hip ratio, and body composition). Timepoint: the onset and end of the study. Method of measurement: Waist circumference will be measured at a level midway between the lower rib margin and iliac crest with the tape all around the bare body in horizontal position without the pressure on the skin. BMI: weight (kg)/height (m) 2 WHR: waist circumference/hip circumference Body composition: Bioelectric impedance. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women diagnosed as PCOS by the Rotterdam consensus criteria (2003), age range: 17‐37 years, 25<BMI<35, having insulin‐resistance on screening, tendency to raw red onion consumption during the study, no tendency to pregnancy during the study, applying non‐drug methods to prevent pregnancy during the study, low intake (<93g) of Liliaceaous vegetables Exclusion criteria: Any disease that affects metabolic parameters in this trial including Cushing's Syndrome, hypoglycemia, type I or II Diabetes, androgen secreting tumors or congenital adrenal hyperplasia, Hyperprolactinemia, hyperparathyroidism, thyroid disorders, gastrointestinal disorders (e.g. peptic ulcer), hypertension, anemia, Allergy, Asthma, cardiovascular, kidney, liver or pulmonary diseases, cancer, and any drug that affects glucose or insulin metabolism such as glucose‐controlling drugs, contraceptives, glucocorticoids, anti‐obesity drugs, multivitamins, beta‐blockers (e.g. propranolo
 Effects of N-acetylcysteine on the quality of life, anxiety and antioxidant indexes of patients with cardiovascular disease;  INTERVENTION: Control group: without drug treatment Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: oral administrations of 600MG N‐ acetyl cysteine (Avicenna Pharmacy Co.) twice a day for 30 days. Intervention 2: Control group: without drug treatment. Intervention group 1: oral administrations of 600MG N‐ acetyl cysteine (Avicenna Pharmacy Co.) twice a day for 30 days. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: 120‐125 Condition 1: cardiovascular disease. Condition 2: cardiovascular disease. ; Ischaemic heart diseases ; Ischaemic heart diseases Ischaemic heart diseases PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety level. Timepoint: After and before of the intervention. Method of measurement: Spielberger Questionnaire. Blood antioxidant biomarker indexes. Timepoint: After and before of the intervention. Method of measurement: biochemical assesing. Quality of life. Timepoint: After and before of the intervention. Method of measurement: MacNew Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ‐. Timepoint: ‐. Method of measurement: ‐. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Criteria 1. patients with acute coronary syndrome, coronary artery disease, the treating physician to confirm the diagnosis reached. 2 people (women and men) aged 65‐18 years able to read and write their own. 3. People who have the full consent to participate in research. 4. People who have a history of these‐acetylcysteine ??orally, by injection or inhalation during the first months of treatment have not. 5 people without a history of hypersensitivity reactions after taking it approved acetylcysteine 6. The people who received both medications or substances with antioxidant effects as vitamin E, A or vitamin A, E, vitamin C, at least one month before the quake 7. People with a history of anti‐anxiety drugs, have. 8 people aged 65‐18 years. 9. The lack of disease HCV +, HBSAg +, HIV +, diabetes, kidney disease, 10 of pregnancy Exclusion criteria (1) patients who can not understand the questions or did not have the time
 Preventive online and offline health management intervention in polycystic ovary syndrome;  BACKGROUND Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterized by hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinemia, ovarian polycystic changes, and irregular ovulation, often occurring in women of childbearing age for whom it can be a cause of infertility. Hypothalamus‐pituitary‐ovarian axis dysregulation is important in the pathogenesis of PCOS and the associated chronic excess of sex hormones can lead to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, diabetes, and malignancies such as endometrial cancer, and breast cancer. At present, most scholars agree that lifestyle interventions in conjunction with drug treatment can help PCOS patients achieve their goals of successful pregnancy and childbirth. AIM To investigate the clinical effect of an online and offline (O2O) preventive health management model on PCOS with kidney deficiency and phlegm dampness. METHODS A total of 82 patients with PCOS of the kidney deficiency and phlegm dampness type who were admitted to Beijing Luhe Hospital Affiliated to Capital Medical University from April 2019 to June 2020 were randomly divided into two groups. The treatment group was treated with oral Diane‐35 for 3 mo and received preventive O2O medical health management for 6 mo (including eating and living, exercise, drug management). The control group was treated with oral Diane‐35 for 3 mo and completed outpatient health education. The traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) syndrome score, acne score, hair score, sex hormone level and clinical effects were compared between the two groups before and after the intervention. RESULTS After treatment, the TCM syndrome score, acne score, and serum luteinizing hormone/follicle stimulating hormone level were significantly lower in the treatment group than in the control group (P < 0.05). After 3 mo of treatment, the TCM syndrome curative effect index in the treatment group was 97.30% compared to 54.05% in the control group (P < 0.05), whereas the total treatment effect in the treatment group was 91.89%, compared to 54.05% in the control group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION An integrated therapeutic approach incorporating medication, TCM methods and social media is more effective than standard treatment for PCOS.
 The effect of Allopurinol on prevention of contrast-induced nephropathy;  INTERVENTION: Control group: All patients will be received intravenous hydration (1 mL/kg/ h) Normal saline for 12 h pre‐ and post‐contrast. Intervention 1: Interventional group: All patients will be received allopurinol (100mg, TDS) 24 h before administration of contrast agent plus intravenous hydration (1mg /kg/h Normal saline for 12 h pre‐ and post‐contrast). Intervention 2: Control group: All patients will be received intravenous hydration (1 mL/kg/ h) Normal saline for 12 h pre‐ and post‐contrast. Interventional group: All patients will be received allopurinol (100mg, TDS) 24 h before administration of contrast agent plus intravenous hydration (1mg /kg/h Normal saline for 12 h pre‐ and post‐contrast) Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Acute renal failure. ; Acute renal impairment Acute renal impairment PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nephropathy. Timepoint: Before and 48 h after coronary angiography. Method of measurement: Serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), CRP and uric acid measurement. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients, who have at least one of the following risk factors: 1) Heart failure (25%<ejection fraction<40%) 2) diabetes 3) Age >75 years 4) Renal insufficiency (creatinine 1.5mg/dl) 5) Hypotension (SBP<80 mm Hg for 1 hour) 6) GFR<60/mL/min per 1.73 m2 7) Anemia 8) hypertension 9) Pulmonary edema Exclusion criteria: 1‐ Pregnancy and lactation 2‐ Allergy to radiographic contrast 3‐ Have cardiogenic shock and pulmonary edema during study 4‐ multiple myeloma, pulmonary ventilation and emergency catheterization 5‐ Serum creatinine levels< 4 mg/dL and preexisting dialysis 6‐ Exposure to contrast medium 48 h pre‐ and post‐coronary angiography 7‐ Receive of diuretics, N‐acetylcystein, sodium bicarbonate, Theophylline, Dopamine, Mannitol, Fenoldopam, Metformin and NSAID’S during the study 8‐ Needs to continuous hydration therapy (e.g., sepsis)
 Comparison of the effect of ketamine and pethidine on pain control;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: The patients in the ketamine group will receive ketamine at a dose of 0.3mg/kg 30 minutes after the induction of anesthesia. For this purpose, the patients will undergo standard monitoring (pulse oximetry, heart rate, blood pressure, and echocardiography) before surgery, and the vital signs of the patients will be evaluated and recorded every 5 minutes in the first 15 minutes. Then this process repeated every 15 minutes. Induction of anesthesia in all patients is as follows: they will be anesthetized with 2mg/kg propofol, 2ug/kg fentanyl, and 0.5mg/kg atracurium, and then the patients will undergo tracheal intubation. Anesthesia will be continued with a mixture of oxygen and nitrous oxide in equal proportions and isoflurane equivalent to MAC and continuous injection of atracurium at a dose of 0.2mg/kg. Intervention 2: Control group: for patients in the pethidine group, the extubation will be done after surgery and in a suitable situation. When patients get consciousness, pethidine will be injected with the dose of 1mg/kg slowly and intravenously, then the patients will be transferred to recovery and under standard monitoring again. CONDITION: Condition 1: Fracture of upper limb. Condition 2: Fracture of lower limb. ; Fracture of upper limb, level unspecified ; Fracture of lower leg, including ankle PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain score based on Visual Analogue Scale tool. Timepoint: at recovery room, 6 and 12 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale tools. INCLUSION CRITERIA: candidate for elective orthopedic surgery with general anesthesia and class l and ll in the ASA classification Age range from 18 to 60 years No history of opioid addiction Absence of underlying diseases such as: liver and kidney failure, history of seizures, pregnancy and breastfeeding, high ICP (intracranial pressure) and glaucoma, thyrotoxicosis, high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease and history of disease respiratory No history of disorders such as mental retardation or psychological illness No history of drug sensitivity to pethidine or ketamine No history of chronic use of painkillers
 A Randomised, Placebo-Controlled Study of Two Doses of Oral 6R-BH4 on Vascular Function in Subjects with Coronary Artery Disease - OXBIO;  INTERVENTION: Product Name: 6R‐BH4 Product Code: T1401 Pharmaceutical Form: Soluble tablet INN or Proposed INN: sapropterin dihydrochloride CAS Number: 69056‐38‐8 Current Sponsor code: T1401 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: not less then Concentration number: 100‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Soluble tablet Route of administration of the placebo: Oral use CONDITION: Coronary Artery Disease ; MedDRA version: 8.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10011078 Term: Coronary artery disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare vascular function in subjects with coronary artery disease before and after treatment with different doses (400mg or 700mg daily) of 6R‐BH4 as assessed by non‐invasive MRI. The principal markers of vascular function will be aortic distensibility and pressure pulse wave velocity, carotid artery distensibility and brachial artery flow‐mediated dilatation. Primary end point(s): The primary endpoint will be the effects of 6R‐BH4 (400mg or 700mg daily) compared to placebo on the following MRI parameters of vascular function in subjects with CAD: brachial artery reactivity; aortic distensibility; aortic pressure pulse wave velocity; carotid artery distensibility.; Secondary Objective: ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on the following markers of vascular function in isolated blood vessels: vascular and myocardial superoxide production, nitric oxide‐mediated endothelial function by organ bath isometric tension studies.; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on biopterin levels in isolated blood vessels.; Tertiary Objectives of the trial:; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on insulin resistance (fasting glucose & insulin levels) in type II diabetics. ; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on systemic blood pressure.; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on microalbuminuria.; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on urinary isoprostane levels.; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on: incidence of post‐operative AF, length of ITU stay, length of hospital stay, renal function.; ‐To assess the effect of 6R‐BH4 treatment on blood markers of oxidative stress and endothelial function. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Male or Female, aged 18 years or above. ‐Multivessel coronary artery disease scheduled to undergo coronary bypass surgery. ‐Sexually active subjects must be willing to use an acceptable method of contraception while participating in the study. ‐Females of childbearing potential must have a negative pregnancy test at screening and be willing to have additional pregnancy tests during the study. Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 The effect of pioglitazone in psoriasis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: oral methotrexate 7.5 t0 15 mg per week for intervention group for 16 weeks, pioglitazone 30 mg per day orally for 16 weeks. Intervention 2: oral methotrexate 7.5 t0 15 mg per week for control group for 16 weeks. oral methotrexate 7.5 t0 15 mg per week for control group for 16 weeks. oral methotrexate 7.5 t0 15 mg per week for intervention group for 16 weeks, pioglitazone 30 mg per day orally for 16 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Plaque psoriasis psoriasis. ; Plaque psoriasis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Dermatology life quality index (DLQI). Timepoint: at weeks 0,6,10,16. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Psoriasis area and severity index (PASI). Timepoint: at weeks 0, 6, 10, 16. Method of measurement: PASI meter. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Bun and creatinine. Timepoint: at weeks 0,6,10,16. Method of measurement: blood biochemistry. Complete blood cells (CBC). Timepoint: at weeks 0,1,2,4,6,10,16. Method of measurement: automated analyzer (Automated blood count). Hepatic enzymes. Timepoint: at weeks 0, 1,2,4,6,10,16. Method of measurement: blood biochemistry. Lipid profile. Timepoint: at weeks, 0, 6,10, 16. Method of measurement: Lipid Blood Tests. Urine analysis. Timepoint: at weeks 0,6,10,16. Method of measurement: Urine test strip. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: plaque type psoriasis; Indication for systemic therapy; Phototherapy contraindicated; No systemic therapy or phototherapy in last 6 months Exclusion criteria: congestive heart failure; renal disease ; hepatic or pulmonary disease; abnormal hepatic enzymes; diabetes; pregnancy or lactation; potential for childbearing; any other major systemic diseases.
 Comparison between effects of intravenous infusion Ibuprofen vs Morphine – Paracetamol on blood Platelet function;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: infusion Ibuprofen.In group I, 400 mg of ibuprofen solution is infused intravenously over 30 minutes after removal of the brain lesion (at the beginning of Dora closure). Intervention 2: Intervention group: Morphine – Paracetamol.In group II, after removal of the brain lesion (at the beginning of Dora closure), morphine is infused 0.05 mg / kg intravenously with 1000 mg paracetamol for 30 minutes. CONDITION: D33.0 supratentorial brain lesions. ; Benign neoplasm of brain, supratentorial PRIMARY OUTCOME: Platelet function using PFa‐100(CBC, PT, PTT, Ca2+, PFa‐100, INR, Fibrinogen, serum osmolality, ABG). Timepoint: Once the Dora closure begins, a blood sample is taken first to measure coagulation abnormality using the PFa‐100 test. Also, one hour after the injection is completed, blood samples are taken from both groups for the PFa‐100 test. Method of measurement: The PFA‐100 system is a platelet function analyzer designed to measure primary platelet‐dependent homeostasis.(Platelet Function Assay or Platelet Function Analyzer): PFA‐100. INCLUSION CRITERIA: All surgeries for supratentorial lesions No history of coagulation disorders No history of gastrointestinal disease No history of liver disease Discontinue drugs that cause coagulation disorders No history of heart disease No history of renal failure (creatinine clearance <70 mL / min, oliguria or dialysis within 28 days before surgery) No history of diabetes No history of asthma Absence of 2 or more of the following:Alanine aminotransferase> 165 U / L, aspartate transaminase>, 120 U / L Alkaline phosphatase> 345 U / L (three cases too normal) Inability to obtain the consent of the patient or companions No history of disorders due to hypersensitivity to ibuprofen, aspirin, nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, COX‐2 inhibitors ‐ Women in non‐pregnancy status No long‐term use of anticonvulsant drugs No dependence or tolerance on drugs Weight higher than 30 kg No gastrointestinal bleeding during the last 6 weeks Do no
 The effect of coenzyme Q10 on serum concentrations of adipokines and Malondialdehyde in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: One 100 milligram capsule each day for 4 weeks. Intervention 2: One capsule containing starch each day for 4 weeks. One 100 milligram capsule each day for 4 weeks One capsule containing starch each day for 4 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease. ; Other diseases of liver Other diseases of liver PRIMARY OUTCOME: Chemerin. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Vaspin. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Scales and meters. Food intake. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: dietary record questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Suffering from nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Women aged 20‐50 years (premenopausal) and in men 20‐65 years and; Patients newly diagnosed. Exclusion criteria: Alcohol intake; Any cause of chronic liver disease other than NAFLD, such as testing positive for hepatitis B, hepatitis C and autoimmune hepatitis – Immune; Suffering from gastrointestinal disease, diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis; Presence of inherited Hemochromatosis (transferrin saturation greater than 45%) and Wilson's disease; Cholestatic liver disease; Advanced liver disease; Heart failure; Thyroid (abnormal TSH) and renal disease; History of cancer and treatment; Receiving supplements of vitamins (A,C,E), antioxidants, fiber and omega‐3 within 3 weeks before baseline and during the study; Drugs such as corticosteroids, amiodarone, tamoxifen, cyclins, perhexiline, methotrexate, aspirin and hydralazine; Presence of pregnancy or lactation or menopause; Taking contraceptive drugs; L
 Hypertension Prevention in Pre-Hypertensive Individuals;  This is a nation‐based trial, with 24 clinical centers distributed in 9 States. A Coordinating Committee is responsible for the elaboration of this proposal and for the main decisions of the trial. The organizational chart of the study will include an executive Committee, a safety committee, outcome committee, lab and EKG centers, and the research units Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is already the leading cause of death in Brazil. High blood pressure is the major risk factor for CVD. The risks start at blood pressure values as lower as 115/75 mmHg but increase exponentially and confer higher absolute risks with blood pressure higher than 140/90 mmHg. The prevalence of hypertension in Brazil was established in population‐based studies conducted in different cities and States, varying from 22.3 to 44% of adults The benefit of treatment of individuals with pre‐hypertension and cardiovascular disease was demonstrated in several clinical trials. In face of the higher incidence of hypertension in individuals with pre‐hypertension, the low effectiveness of non‐drug interventions and the risks for cardiovascular events and end‐organ damage at lower blood pressure levels, it may be advisable to start blood pressure drugs at low doses at this point of the inexorable elevation of blood pressure with aging. Research questions 1. Does an association of low doses of chlorthalidone and amiloride reduce the incidence of hypertension in individuals with pre‐hypertension? 2. Does an association of low doses of chlorthalidone and amiloride reduce the incidence of cardiovascular events in patients with pre‐hypertension? 3. 2. Does an association of low doses of chlorthalidone and amiloride reduce the incidence of target‐organ damage in patients with pre‐hypertension? Methods Design: randomized, double‐blind, clinical trial, controlled by placebo. Eligible participants: individuals with 30 to 70 years of age with pre‐hypertension. Exclusion criteria: low life expectancy, other indications for the use of diuretics, such as cardiovascular disease, intolerance to the study drugs, pregnancy. Random allocation: by a computer generated list, stratified by center. Interventions: Chlorthalidone 12.5 mg plus amiloride 2.5 mg or identical placebo. Primary outcomes: 1. Incidence of hypertension, by blood pressure ≥ 140/90 mmHg in individuals without diabetes or ≥ 135/85 mmHg in participants with diabetes. 2. Adverse events. 3. Development or worsening of microalbuminuria and of left ventricular hypertrophy in the EKG.
 Incentives and Case Management to Improve Cardiac Care: healthy Lifestyle Program;  Participation in outpatient cardiac rehabilitation (CR) decreases morbidity and mortality for patients hospitalized with myocardial infarction, coronary bypass surgery or percutaneous revascularization. Unfortunately, only 10‐35% of patients for whom CR is indicated choose to participate. Lower socioeconomic status (SES) is a robust predictor of CR non‐participation. There is growing recognition of the need to increase CR among economically disadvantaged patients, but there are almost no evidence‐based interventions available for doing so. The present study will examine the efficacy of using early case management and financial incentives for increasing CR participation among lower‐SES patients. Case management has been effective at promoting attendance at a variety of health‐related programs (e.g. treatment for diabetes, HIV, asthma, cocaine dependence) as well as reducing hospitalizations. Financial incentives are also highly effective in altering health behaviors among disadvantaged populations (e.g., smoking during pregnancy, weight loss) including CR participation in a prior trial. For this study 209 CR‐eligible lower‐SES patients will be randomized to: a treatment condition where patients are assigned a case manager while in hospital who will facilitate CR attendance and coordinate cardiac care, a treatment condition where patients receive financial incentives contingent on initiation of and continued attendance at CR sessions, a combination of these two interventions, or to a "usual‐care" condition. Participants in all conditions will complete pre‐ and post‐treatment assessments. Treatment conditions will be compared on attendance at CR and end‐of‐intervention improvements in fitness, executive function, and health‐related quality of life. Cost effectiveness of the treatment conditions will also be examined by comparing the costs of delivering the interventions and the usual care condition, taking into account increases in CR participation. Furthermore, the value of the interventions will be modeled based on increases in participation rates, intervention costs, long‐term medical costs, and health outcomes after a coronary event. This systematic examination of promising interventions will allow testing of the efficacy and cost‐effectiveness of approaches that have the potential to substantially increase CR participation and significantly improve health outcomes among lower‐SES cardiac patients.
 Impact of Teeth Extraction on Inflammation Marker's Levels in Patients Who Undergoing Cardiac Surgery;  Introduction. The association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease is already established. Chronic inflammation of periodontal tissues primes the release of inflammatory markers such as: PCR, IL‐1, IL‐6 and TNF alpha and also,an even more accurate marker, procalcitonin (PCT). Aim. The aim of this study is to examine effects of dental treatments, surgical (extractions) and non‐surgical procedures (non‐surgical periodontal therapy), on serum levels for PCR, WBCs and PCT in patients needing a dental remediation before undergoing cardiac surgery. Materials and methods. This study is designed to be a clinical trial. 38 patients will be recruited at the Cardiological Center at Cattinara Hospital (ASUITS) and they will be treated in Maxillofacial Surgery and Stomatology Clinic at Major Hospital (ASUITS). Inclusion criteria: adult age, consciousness and willingness to sign an informed consent, anamnestic history of cardiovascular disease, also needing cardiac surgery and dental reclamation, stage 3‐4 grade B‐C for periodontal disease diagnosed . Exclusion criteria: pregnancy, genetic dysmorphisms which have an impact on the periodontal health status (Down Syndrome), diabetes or immune system disorders, HIV, hardly smoking, blood disorders, urgent cardiac surgery or a too large dental remediation to be performed in just 2 dental sessions, patients who underwent dental treatments in the previous 2 months. At baseline, all patients will undergo blood tests (blood cell count, PCR, PCT and WBC count), periodontal analysis (FMPS, FMBS and PISA index recording), orthopantomography and anamnestic record. Afterwards they will be assigned, randomly following a 1:1 ratio to Gruppo1 (fullmouth disinfection therapy + extractions all in one session) or Gruppo2 (fullmouth disinfection therapy and after one week extractions). All patients will undergo blood chemistry tests (CPR, PCT, WBC) after 1, 7 and 14 days. Statistical analysis. All data will be presented as a mean and standard deviation, unless another method will be specified. After the control of parametric data distribution we will proceed with the statistical analysis of the different biomarkers recorded over time by ANOVA for repeated measurements and by t‐test between the different groups in the same time intervals.
 Pioglitazone and ulceritive colitis;  INTERVENTION: 30 mg placebo daily for 12 week Intervention 1: 30 mg placebo daily for 12 week. Intervention 2: Intervention:Pioglitazone 30 mg daily for 12 week. Intervention:Pioglitazone 30 mg daily for 12 week Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Ulcerative colitis, unspecified Ulceritive colitis. ; Ulcerative colitis, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Response to treatment. Timepoint: Begining/after 12 week. Method of measurement: 2 score decrease in mayo score. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Clinical remission. Timepoint: After 12 week. Method of measurement: Mayo score. Endoscopic remission. Timepoint: After 12 week. Method of measurement: Mayo score. Possible side effect. Timepoint: After 4 8 12 week. Method of measurement: Patients medical records. Quality of life. Timepoint: Begining/after 4 8 12 month. Method of measurement: Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire. Response to treatment. Timepoint: Begining/ after 12 week. Method of measurement: 3 score reduction in mayo score. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) mayo score between 4 to 10 2) patients have been treated with 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA) compounds at a dose of 2000 mg per day or greater for at least 4 weeks immediately prior to randomization or to have documented intolerance to such therapy.3) concomitant therapy with corticosteroids was permitted if the dose was stable for a minimum of 4 weeks prior to randomization and did not exceed prednisone 20mg per day, budesonide 9mg per day, or the equivalent. 4)Concomitant therapy with azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine was allowed if used for a minimum of 4 months and at a stable dose for a minimum of 2 months prior to randomization.5) rectally administered corticosteroids or 5‐ASA was allowed if the dose was stable for two weeks prior to randomization Exclusion criteria: 1)pregnancy breast feeding 2)stage 3 or 4 of congestive heart failure based on new york criteria 3) liver disease 4) renal failure 5) BMI>35 6) diabetic patient
 Effect of Mepridin on post cesarian section shivering;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The first group injected 2/5 mL bupivacaine 0.5% and 0/5 ml salin. Intervention 2: The second group received 2/5 ml of bupivacaine 0/5% and 0/5ml mepridine ( 5 mg). Intervention 3: The third group recived 2/5 mL of bupivacaine 0.5% and Mepridine 0.5 ml ( 10 mg). Prevention The first group injected 2/5 mL bupivacaine 0.5% and 0/5 ml salin The second group received 2/5 ml of bupivacaine 0/5% and 0/5ml mepridine ( 5 mg) The third group recived 2/5 mL of bupivacaine 0.5% and Mepridine 0.5 ml ( 10 mg) Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: caesarean section. ; Delivery by elective caesarean section Delivery by elective caesarean section PRIMARY OUTCOME: Core temperature. Timepoint: before and After intervention. Method of measurement: using omernon termoscan. Post anesthesia shivering. Timepoint: After intervention. Method of measurement: visual scale shivering. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Before injection and every 15 minutes during surgery. Method of measurement: using of BP recorded on monitoring. HR. Timepoint: Before injection and every 15 minutes during surgery. Method of measurement: using of HR recorded on monitoring. Peak anesthesia time. Timepoint: Before injection and every 15 minutes during surgery. Method of measurement: two ways alcohol cotton and pinprek. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Elective cesarean section ; Fill the informed consent form ; Physical condition corresponding to the class I and II anesthesia Exclusion criteria: Emergency cesarean; Pregnancy associated diseases such as hypertension, diabetes ; Valvular heart disease ; Ischemic heart disease ; Pulmonary hypertension; Pre‐ eclampsia
 survey of preventive effect of magnesium sulphate on postoperative pain of pregnant women undergoing Cesarian section;  INTERVENTION: .patients in control group only received equal amount of normal saline as placebo. Intervention 1: .patients in control group only received equal amount of normal saline as placebo. Intervention 2: patients in intervention group were received 50 mg/kg intravenous Mg sulphate in 100 ml normal saline in 15 minutes just before surgical incision and 15 mg/kg/hr IV infusion of Mg sulphate thereafter. patients in intervention group were received 50 mg/kg intravenous Mg sulphate in 100 ml normal saline in 15 minutes just before surgical incision and 15 mg/kg/hr IV infusion of Mg sulphate thereafter. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Other specified complications of labour and delivery pregnancy. ; Other specified complications of labour and delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of postoperative pain. Timepoint: 1st, 6th,12th,24th hours after cesarian section. Method of measurement: short MCGillL pain questionaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Analgesic requirements. Timepoint: during 24 hours after completion of cesarian section. Method of measurement: by means of recorded amounts of infused analgesic which displayed on a PCA pomp. Hemodynamic changes( blood pressure and heart rate). Timepoint: at induction and tracheal intubation and during surgical procedure and in recovery period. Method of measurement: by means of a mercury manometre and a cardiac monitor. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: pregnant women with ASA I,II (American Society of Anesthesiologists) scheduled for elective Cesarian section under general anesthesia exclusion criteria: hypermagnesemia, insufficient time for giving study drugs,sensitivity to magnesium sulphate, heart blocks,hypertension,diabetes,renal disease, cardiovascular disease,history of analgesic intake during the past 24 hours,fetal distress, multiparity
 The effect of Arabic gum on radius fracture;  INTERVENTION: Control group: replacement + plaster + follow‐up radiographies and visits by Orthopedist + 500 mg dried bread powder capsule twice daily (at the morning and evening) for 21 days duration. Intervention 1: Intervention group: replacement + plaster + follow‐up radiographies and visits by Orthopedist + 500 mg Arabic Gum capsule twice daily (at the morning and evening) for 21 days duration. Intervention 2: Control group: replacement + plaster + follow‐up radiographies and visits by Orthopedist + 500 mg dried bread powder capsule twice daily (at the morning and evening) for 21 days duration. Intervention group: replacement + plaster + follow‐up radiographies and visits by Orthopedist + 500 mg Arabic Gum capsule twice daily (at the morning and evening) for 21 days duration. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Distal fracture of radius bone. ; Fracture of lower end of radius Fracture of lower end of radius PRIMARY OUTCOME: Callus formation and disappearance of fracture line. Timepoint: Week 3 and 4 and 6. Method of measurement: radiography. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pain assessment at the touch position and active/passive movement of fractured wrist. Timepoint: At the end of the sixth week after the opening of plaster. Method of measurement: Numeric Rating 11‐point scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Distal radius bone fractures with displacement (type A of AO Classification) Exclusion criteria: partial or complete intra‐articular fractures. (Type B and C category AO); multi‐piece fractures (Type C classification AO); fractures with internal or external fixation management criteria; Bilateral fractures or presence of fractures in the other bones (except distal radius and ulnar); initiation of treatment 24 hours or more after the fracture; association of vascular or nervous complications; Multiple Trauma; open fracture; History of previous fracture in the same position; fracture with dislocation of the wrist bones; pathological fractures; Chronic diseases such as diabetes, cancer, auto immune diseases, inflammatory kidney diseases, coronary heart diseases or advanced pulmonary diseases; decreased consciousness; pregnancy or lactation; alcohol addiction; tobacco or drug addiction; allergies to herbal medicines.
 Inflammation and Insulin Resistance in Rheumatoid Arthritis;  RA is an autoimmune disease that causes long‐term inflammation of the joints and sometimes other body tissues, too. Recent studies have found that there is an increased prevalence of coronary artery atherosclerosis, metabolic syndrome, and insulin resistance among people with RA. Furthermore, insulin resistance, which can lead to hyperinsulinemia—too much insulin in the blood—has been associated with RA disease activity and the severity of coronary artery atherosclerosis. These correlations suggest that inflammation and hyperinsulinemia somehow interact and facilitate one another. Pioglitazone is a prescription drug that reduces insulin resistance and is currently used to treat people with diabetes. This study will determine whether pioglitazone can also be used to effectively treat people with RA. Specifically, the study will evaluate the effect of pioglitazone on inflammation, insulin resistance, and atherosclerosis. Participation in this study will last about 20 weeks. At an initial 1‐hour screening, participants will undergo a physical examination, medical history review, blood sampling, and, if female, a urine pregnancy test. Eligible participants will then return for the first of six monthly study visits. At this first visit, participants will be randomly assigned to receive either pioglitazone or placebo, both of which will be taken daily for 8 weeks. This will be followed by a 4‐week wash‐out period, during which no study treatments will be taken. Then, at Week 12, participants will begin daily treatments of whatever they were not assigned to originally. This second treatment phase will also last for 8 weeks. All of the study visits will involve the same tests and procedures. The morning before each study visit, participants will collect their urine in a jug, which they will bring to the clinic. Participants will then undergo blood sampling, blood pressure measurements, and artery stiffness measurements. During the study visits at Weeks 4, 8, 16, and 20, participants will be asked to report on their symptoms, pain, and any adverse effects.
 The effect of Zingiber officinale on healing and pain of episiotomy;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Receive ginger extract ointment to apply the ointment to the incision every 12 hours for 10 days. Intervention 2: Control group: Apply the placebo ointment to the ointment every 12 hours for 10 days on the incision site. CONDITION: Episiotomy. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound O90.1 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy wound healing. Timepoint: Before intervention,12 hours after delivery and on days 5 and 15. Method of measurement: Epidatomic wound healing scale; REEDA (Redness, Edema, Ecchymosis, Discharge, Approximation). The severity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: Before intervention,12 hours after delivery and 5 and 15 days later. Method of measurement: Visual Pain Scale (vas). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Count the acetaminophen pills used. Timepoint: Fifteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Counting tablets. The frequency of side effects in the group receiving ginger extract ointment ginger and placebo. Timepoint: Fifteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Primiparous women The lack of drug and psychotropic Age range 35‐18 years Birth of a live, single fetus Do not use any special medicine(such as anti‐inflammatory drugs other than acetaminophen and coagulation based on the patient's statements) history of impaired wound healing disease, like systemic disease, cardiac, renal, pulmonary, coagulation disorders, immune deficiency, connective tissue disorders, diabetes,haemophilia Failure to follow the special diet No anemia during pregnancy The lack of early PPH No history of prenatal vaginal examinations and manipulations extent or large episiotomy (repair length 4‐3 cm) Willingness and possibility for the mother to visit Al‐Zahra Hospital on days 5 and 10 No history of reconstructive surgery on the vagina and intercostals (according to the woman) Lack of long‐term rupture of the amniotic sac (more than 18 hours) Do not use blood pressure medications (mothers with high blood pre
 The effect of Horse tail (Equisetum arvense) on healing and the pain of episiotomy among primiparous women: a Randomized Controlled Trial;  INTERVENTION: Control group:Receiving placebo ointment rub the ointment with her knucle on the wound every 12±2 hours Intervention 1: Intervention group: Receiving Horsetail ointment3%,rub the ointment with her knucle on the wound every 12±2 hours for 10 day. Intervention 2: Control group:Receiving placebo ointment rub the ointment with her knucle on the wound every 12±2 hours. Intervention group: Receiving Horsetail ointment3%,rub the ointment with her knucle on the wound every 12±2 hours for 10 day Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Episiotomy. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy healing wound. Timepoint: Before intervention) before discharge of hospital( and 5±1and 10±1 day after intervention. Method of measurement: REEDA (Redness, Edema, Ecchymosis, Discharge, Approximation). Severity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: Before intervention) before discharge of hospital( and 5±1and 10±1 day after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Acetaminophen tablets counting. Timepoint: Tenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Counted tablets. The frequency of adverse events in the recipient groups of the Horse tail and placebo ointment. Timepoint: Tenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: healthy primiparous woman; having alive fetus; willingness to participate in the study; mediolatral episiotomy Exclusion criteria: women less than 18 and more than 35 years old; history of impaired wound healing disease, like systemic disease, cardiac, renal, pulmonary, coagulation disorders, immune deficiency, connective tissue disorders, diabetes,haemophilia ; mental illness; Anaemia in pregnancy (haemoglobin less than 11/5); multiple fetus ; macrosomia; malformed fetus; having early postpartum hemorrhage ; extent or large episiotomy (repair length 4‐3 cm) ; Instrumental delivery ;manipulation and vaginal exam history after delivery
 Study on efficacy of Caucasian whortleberry in the treatment of hyperlipidemic patients;  INTERVENTION: Caucasian whortleberry fruit extract is administered to a group of about 30 patients at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours for 2 months. Intervention 1: Caucasian whortleberry fruit extract is administered to a group of about 30 patients at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours for 2 months. Intervention 2: One placebo capsule is administered to another group of about 30 patients every 8 hours for 2 months. One placebo capsule is administered to another group of about 30 patients every 8 hours for 2 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hyperlipidemia, unspecified Hyperlipidemia. ; Hyperlipidemia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood serum cholesterol level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood serum triglyceride level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood serum creatinine level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood serum HDL cholesterol level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood serum LDL cholesterol level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood serum SGOT level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Blood serum SGPT level of patients. Timepoint: 2 months. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients aged 20 to 60 years, patients with serum cholesterol level above 240 mg/dl, patients with serum triglyceride level above 240 mg/dl, patients recently diagnosed as hyperlipidemic, literate patients. Exclusion criteria: patients with serum cholesterol or triglyceride levels above 300 mg/dl, patients using other blood lipid lowering agents, patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic, hematological diseases, hypothyroidism, diabetes, tachycardia, vertigo and seizure, patients with a history of gallstones or gall bladder surgery, patients using estrogen, steroid, beta‐blocker and thiazide, pregnant women, women planning pregnancy, breast‐feeding women.
 Study on efficacy of sage in the treatment of hyperlipidemic patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: one placebo capsule is administered to another group of about 30 patients every 8 hours for 1 month. Intervention 2: Sage leaves extract is administered to a group of about 30 patients at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours for 1 month. one placebo capsule is administered to another group of about 30 patients every 8 hours for 1 month Placebo Sage leaves extract is administered to a group of about 30 patients at the dose of one 500 mg capsule every 8 hours for 1 month. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hyperlipidemia, unspecified Hyperlipidemia. ; Hyperlipidemia, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Decrease of the blood serum triglyceride level in patients. Timepoint: 1 month. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Decrease of the blood serum cholesterol level in patients. Timepoint: 1 month. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Dcrease of the blood serum VLDL lipoprotein level in patients. Timepoint: 1 month. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Decrease of the blood serum LDL cholesterol level in patients. Timepoint: 1 month. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). Increase of the blood serum HDL cholesterol level in patients. Timepoint: 1 month. Method of measurement: Medical laboratory (kit). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients aged 20 to 60 years, patients with serum cholesterol level above 240 mg/dl, patients with serum triglyceride level above 200 mg/dl, patients recently diagnosed as hyperlipidemic, literate patients. Exclusion criteria: patients with serum cholesterol or triglyceride levels above 300 mg/dl, patients with cardiac, renal, hepatic, hematological diseases, hypothyroidism, diabetes, tachycardia, vertigo and seizure, patients with a history of gallstones or gall bladder surgery, patients using estrogen, steroid, beta‐blocker and thiazide, pregnant women, women planning pregnancy, breast‐feeding women.
 Effect of Rosa canina on non alcoholic fatty liver;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group will receive a 500 mg pill containing dog rose fractions (fraction of Rosa canina, gelatin solution5% and avicel) per day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: The control group will receive a 500 mg placebo pill containing lactose powder, gelatin solution5%, and avicel, per day for 8 weeks. Placebo The control group will receive a 500 mg placebo pill containing lactose powder, gelatin solution5%, and avicel, per day for 8 weeks. The intervention group will receive a 500 mg pill containing dog rose fractions (fraction of Rosa canina, gelatin solution5% and avicel) per day for 8 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non alcoholic fatty liver(NAFLD). ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Liver enzymes. Timepoint: Baseline, 48 hours after the end of the study (study will take 8 weeks). Method of measurement: Based on the results of blood tests (including ALT and AST). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of non‐alcoholic fatty diseases based on AST and ALT level more than 30 in men and 20 in women and also liver ultrasound; Aged between 30‐65 years; BMI greater than 25; Non‐use of antioxidant supplements during one month prior to sampling; Non‐acute cardiac disease, renal, infectious, diabetes, hepatitis B or C and other liver diseases; Not being on an intense increasing or decreasing diet weight during the last three months prior to sampling; lack of effective drugs on weight during the last three months prior to sampling; not using medications that may be associated with the disease (methotrexate, amiodarone, tamoxifen, corticosteroids, valproic acid). Exclusion criteria: Not wanting to continue the study; Use of drugs that affect the liver; The risk of diseases that require special treatment; pregnancy during the study.
 Effects of Quercetin on plasma total antioxidant capacity, lipid peroxidation, blood pressure, inflammatory markers and disease activity in patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Quercetin supplement, 500 mg caps per day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: placebo caps for 8 weeks. placebo caps for 8 weeks Quercetin supplement, 500 mg caps per day for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Rheumatoid Arthritis. Condition 2: Rheumatoid arthritis. ; Seropositive rheumatoid arthritis ; Other rheumatoid arthritis Other rheumatoid arthritis Seropositive rheumatoid arthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: sphyngomanometer. Disease activity score‐ 28 joints(DAS‐28). Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: Physical examination. Hs‐ CRP. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Hs‐TNF‐alpha. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: chemical colorimetric. Morning stiffness. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: question. Ox‐LDL. Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC). Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: colorimetric assay. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Eritrocyte sedimentation rate(ESR). Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: . Rheumatoid factor(RF). Timepoint: 8 weeks. Method of measurement: turbidometric assay. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willing to participate in study, Clinical diagnosis of AR (meeting the American college of rheumatology 1987 criteria), Ages between 19 – 70 years , No smoking or addiction , No drug type and dose fluctuation since 1 month prior to the study and during intervention period , Not having severe cardiovascular, hepatic, kidney, gastrointestinal, thyroid, parathyroid diseases, diabetes and inflammation, Not using medications except for AR conventional drugs, Not using antioxidant supplements during last month, No pregnancy or lactation Exclusion criteria: Compliance less than 70%, Disinclination to continue for cooperation, developing illnesses which need particular cures or interfere with intervention such as increasing the disease activity or trauma
 Fortification and supplementation effect on vitamin D levels;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: a supplement tablet containing 1000 IU vitamin D per day + 25 gram ordinary canola oil. Intervention 2: Intervention group: a placebo tablet + 25 gram canola oil enriched by 1000 IU vitamin D per day. Intervention 3: Control group: a placebo tablet + 25 gram ordinary canola oil. CONDITION: Healthy people. PRIMARY OUTCOME: 25‐hydroxy vitamin D. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Bone specific alkalin phosphatase. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Spectophotometric assay. Collagen type 1 cross‐linked C‐telopeptide I(CTX‐I). Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Parathyroid hormone. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). INCLUSION CRITERIA: 18‐30 years old The absence of diseases which influence the metabolism of Ca, P and vitamin D such as thyroid and parathyroid disorders, chronic kidney disease, osteoporosis, or bone fractures caused by osteoporosis, during the past year The absence of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic digestive diseases, hepatitis and cancer No medical treatment for osteoporosis or other bone diseases in the last 6 months, such as taking Bisphosphonates, Raloxifene, Teriparatide and Denosambe Not using Glucocorticoids Not using nutritional supplements No pregnancy and lactation Not participating in other studies in the last 6 months
 Effects of a Persian Herbal Extract in treatment of Multiple Sclerosis Patients;  INTERVENTION: control group: patients will receive placebo twice a day for 4 weeks. Intervention 1: Intervention group: The patients in the intervention group will be treated with 10 milliliters of the herbal extract twice a day for 4 weeks. Each 10‐milliliter dose of the herbal extract contains 15 mg saffron, 60 mg vitis vinifera, 200 mg cinnamon and 500 mg hypericum performatum. Intervention 2: control group: patients will receive placebo twice a day for 4 weeks. Intervention group: The patients in the intervention group will be treated with 10 milliliters of the herbal extract twice a day for 4 weeks. Each 10‐milliliter dose of the herbal extract contains 15 mg saffron, 60 mg vitis vinifera, 200 mg cinnamon and 500 mg hypericum performatum. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system multiple sclerosis. ; Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Depression. Timepoint: baseline and endpoint. Method of measurement: Beck depression inventory. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fatigue and sleep disorders. Timepoint: baseline and endpoint. Method of measurement: fatigue severity scale (FSS), modified fatigue impact scale (MFIS), insomnia severity scale (ISI) and Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: definite diagnosis of MS; age range of 18 to 50 years old; Expanded Disability Status Score (EDSS) of less than or equal to 6; no disease attack during the previous month; no history of other autoimmune diseases; disease stable status during last three months; presence of depression, fatigue and sleep disorder symptoms; not using other antioxidant or herbal supplement during study. Exclusion criteria: evidence of dementia or psychosis; cardiovascular disease; diabetes; severe depression; clinically significant major infections; pregnancy and breastfeeding status; disease attack during the study; not willingness to continue the study.
 Fortification and supplementation effect on vitamin D levels;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: a supplement tablet containing 1000 IU vitamin D per day + 25 gram ordinary canola oil. Intervention 2: Intervention group: a placebo tablet + 25 gram canola oil enriched by 1000 IU vitamin D per day. Intervention 3: Control group: a placebo tablet + 25 gram ordinary canola oil. CONDITION: . PRIMARY OUTCOME: 25‐hydroxy vitamin D. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). HDL. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Colorimeteric assay with auto‐analyzer. LDL. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Colorimeteric assay with auto‐analyzer. TG. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Colorimeteric assay with auto‐analyzer. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Beginning of the study (before starting intervention), at the end of the study (after the end of intervention). Method of measurement: Colorimeteric assay with auto‐analyzer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: 18‐30 years old The absence of diseases which influence the metabolism of Ca, P and vitamin D such as thyroid and parathyroid disorders, chronic kidney disease, osteoporosis, or bone fractures caused by osteoporosis, during the past year The absence of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic digestive diseases, hepatitis and cancer No medical treatment for hypertension or hyperlipidemia Not using nutritional supplements No pregnancy and lactation Not participating in other studies in the last 6 months
 Study of the long term effects of local Platelet-rich plasma (PRP) injection versus Autologous blood injection in patients with Lateral Epicondylitis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Tennis Elbow strap and wrist extensor strengthening exercises,2/day and 5times for each exercise and wrist extensors stretching exercises,2/day and 30sec for each exercise and 500mg/8h Acetaminophen PRN and an injection of 2cc autologous blood in control group. Intervention 2: Tennis Elbow strap and wrist extensor strengthening exercises,2/day and 5times for each exercise and wrist extensors stretching exercises,2/day and 30sec for each exercise and 500mg/8h Acetaminophen PRN and an Injection of 2cc PRP in intervention group. Tennis Elbow strap and wrist extensor strengthening exercises,2/day and 5times for each exercise and wrist extensors stretching exercises,2/day and 30sec for each exercise and 500mg/8h Acetaminophen PRN and an injection of 2cc autologous blood in control group Tennis Elbow strap and wrist extensor strengthening exercises,2/day and 5times for each exercise and wrist extensors stretching exercises,2/day and 30sec for each exercise and 500mg/8h Acetaminophen PRN and an Injection of 2cc PRP in intervention group Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Lateral Epicondylitis Lateral Epicondylitis. ; Lateral Epicondylitis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain. Timepoint: 0,1,2,6,12 months. Method of measurement: VAS Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Elbow function. Timepoint: 0,1,2 ,6,12 months. Method of measurement: Modified Mayo clinic performance index for the elbow Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: history of chronic (at least 3months) pain or swelling of the lateral epicondyle and pain more than 5 of 10 according to visual analogue scale. Exclusion criteria: systemic disorders such as diabetes, Rheumatoid Arthritis; hematological diseases (coagulopathy); severe cardiovascular diseases; infections; immunosuppression; patients in therapy with anticoagulants or antiaggregants; the use of NSAIDs in the 2 days before blood donation; patients with Hb values of 10; platelet values of 100,000/mmc; Pregnancy; vasovagal shock; injection of corticosteroid in since 2 weeks ago; any injection in site of tenderness since 1 month ago; malignancy; history of CTS; cervical radiculopathy; radial neuropathy.
 Evaluation of efficacy of Platelet-rich plasma injection plus oral celecoxib to treat knee osteoarthritis;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Injection of Saline plus administration of celecoxib 100 mg two times a day for 3 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention Group: Single injection of Platelet‐Rich Plasma (5 cc) plus administration of oral celecoxib 100 mg two times a day for 3 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: Injection of Saline plus administration of celecoxib 100 mg two times a day for 3 weeks. Intervention Group: Single injection of Platelet‐Rich Plasma (5 cc) plus administration of oral celecoxib 100 mg two times a day for 3 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Arthrosis, unspecified Degenerative Joint Disease. ; Arthrosis, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain intensity. Timepoint: Baseline assessment, 1 week and 3 month and 6 month post treatment. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Functional outcome and quality of life. Timepoint: Baseline assessment, 1 week and 3 month and 6 month post treatment. Method of measurement: Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score (KOOS). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 40‐65 years old, patients with a history of chronic (for at least 6 months) knee pain and imaging findings of degenerative changes of the joint (Kellgren Lawrence II or III at X‐ray evaluation), no intra‐articular injection in the last 3 months, no history of previous knee trauma or surgery. Exclusion criteria: irregular follow‐up visits, taking other NSAIDs during the trial, systemic disorders such as diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, hematological diseases (coagulopathy), severe cardiovascular diseases, infections, pregnancy, secondary osteoarthritis, patients in therapy with anticoagulants or anti‐aggregants, use of NSAIDs in the last week before blood donation and patients with Hb values lower than 11 g/dl and platelet values lower than 150,000/mm 3.
 Effect of different methods of administration of lidocaine on intubation;  INTERVENTION: In 1th intervention group 0.75 mg/kg lidocaine 4% will sprayed to the larynx and gloat, 2 minutes before intubation and the same dose will sprayed at intubation time. In 2th intervention group 0.75 mg/kg lidocaine 2% was injected intravenously, 2 minutes before intubation and the same dose will injected at intubation time. Intervention 1: In 1th intervention group 0.75 mg/kg lidocaine 4% will sprayed to the larynx and gloat, 2 minutes before intubation and the same dose will sprayed at intubation time. Intervention 2: In 2th intervention group 0.75 mg/kg lidocaine 2% was injected intravenously, 2 minutes before intubation and the same dose will injected at intubation time. Intervention 3: The main drugs used in the control group and of any type of lidocaine is not used. The main drugs used in the control group and of any type of lidocaine is not used. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Hemodynamic changes. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: at intubation time and 2 and 5 minutes after Intubation. Method of measurement: mmhg with mercury sphygmomanometer. Heart rate. Timepoint: at intubation time and 2 and 5 minutes after Intubation. Method of measurement: heart rate per minute. Mean arterial pressure. Timepoint: at intubation time and 2 and 5 minutes after Intubation. Method of measurement: mmhg with mercury sphygmomanometer. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: at intubation time and 2 and 5 minutes after Intubation. Method of measurement: mmhg with mercury sphygmomanometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients between 25 to 40 years old admitted to the ICU and indication for endotracheal intubation; patients without underlying disease such as diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, kidney and liver diseases, respiratory diseases, recent respiratory infection; patients classified for 1 or 2 ASA; obtaining informed consent from attendant patients for the study. Exclusion criteria: patients who had a history of lidocaine hypersensitivity; pregnancy and lactation
 The effect of educational the happiness on pregnant women stress;  INTERVENTION: control group: In control group was not intervention performed. Intervention 1: Intervention group: This group is for 7 sessions, each session lasting an hour and a half and just two sessions per week of interactive lectures practices and partnerships with educational aids, pamphlets, booklets and instructional videos is done. The training is reinforced through group communication through social networks. Intervention 2: control group: In control group was not intervention performed. Intervention group: This group is for 7 sessions, each session lasting an hour and a half and just two sessions per week of interactive lectures practices and partnerships with educational aids, pamphlets, booklets and instructional videos is done. The training is reinforced through group communication through social networks Lifestyle Prevention CONDITION: stress. ; Undue concern and preoccupation with stressful events Undue concern and preoccupation with stressful events PRIMARY OUTCOME: Happiness. Timepoint: Before and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Oxford happiness Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Perceived stress. Timepoint: Before and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Cohen Stress Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Terms of Inclusion: Pregnant women who are 14‐25 weeks pregnant; lack of a mother with mental illnesses (through a case study during pregnancy); Lack of mothers develop chronic diseases (cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, diabetes) according to medical records; at least read and write (Elementary); regular participation in educational programs have the ability and consent to be filled; complete the questionnaire Terms of Exclusion: Absence of more than one session of pregnant women in training sessions; opt out of the study or moved; Failure to participate in the pre‐test, post‐test, or both; lack of willingness to cooperate
 The effects of healthy bacteria supplementation on lipid profile, liver enzymes, inflammatory factors and hepatic fibrosis in patients with Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis;  INTERVENTION: control: 2 placebo capsule (Maltodexterin) for 7 months Intervention 1: intervention: 2 protexin capsules for 7 months. Intervention 2: control: 2 placebo capsule (Maltodexterin) for 7 months. intervention: 2 protexin capsules for 7 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). ; Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) PRIMARY OUTCOME: ALT, AST, GGT. Timepoint: at the beginning and at the last. Method of measurement: Biochemistry. Cholestrol, TG, LDL‐c, HDL‐c. Timepoint: at the beginning and at the last. Method of measurement: Biochemistry. FBS. Timepoint: at the beginning and at the last. Method of measurement: Biochemistry. Hs‐CRP, TNF‐a. Timepoint: at the beginning and at the last. Method of measurement: ELISA & Nephlometer. Liver fibrosis. Timepoint: at the beginning and at the last. Method of measurement: Fibroscan. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Insulin resistance. Timepoint: at weeks: 0, 28. Method of measurement: formula. Insulin. Timepoint: at weeks: 0, 14, 28. Method of measurement: ELISA. Waist circumference, hip circumfereance. Timepoint: at weeks: 0, 14, 28. Method of measurement: non stretch meter. Weight and BMI. Timepoint: at weeks: 0, 14, 28. Method of measurement: Weight will be measured by Secca scale , BMI by formula. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age of 18 years and older; BMI between 25‐40; Abnormal serum transferase (ALT & AST more than 1.5 fold of normal range); Sonographic findings compatible with hepatic steatosis (degree 2 or more). Exclusion criteria: Diabetes; Using antibiotic 2 weeks before recruitment to the study; A history of alcohol consumption; Pregnancy & Breast feeding, Professional athletes; Liver disease (viral/etc); Use of drugs such as calcium channel blockers, high dose synthetic estrogens, methotrexate , amiodarone, steroids, chloroquine, immunosuppressive drugs, lipid‐lowering agents, metformin and vitamin E; A history of Hypertension, Cardiovascular disease, Pulmonary disease, Renal disease & Celiac disease; Cirrhosis; Medications causing NAS; Upper GI surgery / Prior surgical procedures such as jejunoileal or jejunocolic bypass, gastroplasty, following program to lose weight in recent 3 mo;‐A history of hypothyroidism or Cushing’s syndrome.
 Comparison of the effect of ankle exercises with global exercises(ankle and hip)in subjects with flexible flat foot;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Global exersises(ankle and hip), 12 sessions for 4 consecutive weeks, 3 times a week, 20 to 30 minutes each session, which includes training and exercises. Intervention 2: Control group: Ankle exercises, 12 training sessions for 4 consecutive weeks, 3 times a week, 20 to 30 minutes each session, which includes training and doing exercises. CONDITION: Flexible flatfoot. ; Flat foot [pes planus] (acquired) M21.4 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Average speed of pressure center oscillations. Timepoint: Before intervention, After the intervention(4 week), 4weeks after finishing of the intervention. Method of measurement: force plate. Drop Navicular. Timepoint: Before intervention, After the intervention(4 week), 4weeks after finishing of the intervention. Method of measurement: ruler. Mean anterior‐posterior displacement. Timepoint: Before intervention, After the intervention(4 week), 4weeks after finishing of the intervention. Method of measurement: force plate. Mean internal‐external displacement. Timepoint: Before intervention, After the intervention(4 week), 4weeks after finishing of the intervention. Method of measurement: force plate. The average area of the center of pressure of the sole of the foot. Timepoint: Before intervention, After the intervention(4 week), 4weeks after finishing of the intervention. Method of measurement: force plate. INCLUSION CRITERIA: People in the age group of 19 to 30 years Positive navicular drop test No history of fracture, dislocation of the lower limb No history of lower limb surgery No history of rheumatoid and neurological diseases No history of diabetes No pregnancy No respiratory disorders Lack of deformity in the lower extremities No cardiovascular disorders Approved by an orthopedic specialist
 Comparing the effect of edible olibanum, and curcumin on blood and inflamatory factors in rheumatoid arthritis patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Three 500 mg capsol of wheat flour daily, for 3 months First intervention group 1: Three capsules of Nano curcumin 40 mg, daily for 3 months Intervention 1: Second intervention group: Three capsules of 500 mg olibanum, Daily, for 3 months. Intervention 2: First intervention group 1: Three capsules of Nano curcumin 40 mg, daily for 3 months. Intervention 3: Control group: Three 500 mg capsol of wheat flour daily, for 3 months. Placebo Second intervention group: Three capsules of 500 mg olibanum, Daily, for 3 months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Rheumatoid arthritis. ; Seropositive rheumatoid arthritis Seropositive rheumatoid arthritis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood lipid. Timepoint: Befor intervention, End of the intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: Befor intervention, End of the intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR. Hs‐ CRP. Timepoint: Befor intervention, End of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Rheumatoid factor. Timepoint: Befor intervention, End of the intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory. Serum levels of Total Antioxidant Capacity. Timepoint: Befor intervention, End of the intervention. Method of measurement: Laboratory ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willing to participate in study; Clinical diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis (meeting the American college of rheumatology 1987 criteria); No smoking or addiction; No drug type and dose fluctuation since 1 month prior to the study and during intervention period ; Not having severe cardiovascular; Hepatic; Kidney; Gastrointestinal; Thyroid; Parathyroid diseases; Diabetes and inflammation; Not using medications except for AR conventional drugs; No pregnancy or lactation Exclusion criteria: Developing illnesses which need particular cures or interfere with intervention such as increasing the disease activity or trauma; alcoholic; sensitivity to olibanum and turmeric
 Probiotic applications in obesity and related mood disorders;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group will recieve 1 gram Capsule containing lactobacillus and bifidobacteria at dose of 3*10 9 CFU + one capsule containing 1 gram magnesium chloride providing 250 milligrams of elemental magnesium on a daily basis after one of main meals (preferably dinner). Intervention 2: Control group will receive two 1‐gram capsules containing maldodextrin similar to those with active components based on color, shape, odor, weight, and packaging, on a daily basis after a main meal (preferably dinner). CONDITION: E66.0 Obesity with mood disorders. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score. Timepoint: Before commencement and after 12 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Beck Depression Questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) score. Timepoint: Before commencement and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Beck anxiety questionnaire. Plasma Endotoxin. Timepoint: Before commencement and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. Plasma Zonulin Levels. Timepoint: Before commencement and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. Some Stool Bacterial populations. Timepoint: Before commencement and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Real time PCR. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ?Willing to participate in the study Age range of 18 to 50 years Body Mass Index (BMI) =30 and waist circumference (WC) more than 85cm in women and 102 cm in men Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) scores ranging between 17 to 40 Not taking probiotic supplements in the last 2 months and antibiotics in the last 3 months Absence of chronic liver, kidney, cardiovascular, GI and infectious diseases as well as diabetes, and severe neurological and psychiatric disorders. Not using anti‐depressants Not using antioxidants, omega‐3 and magnesium supplements less than one month prior to study commencement Not regular use of steroid and non‐steroid anti‐inflammatory drugs No regular alcohol drinking or smoking, No opioid addiction No history of heart attack, not being pregnant or intending pregnancy, not being in breastfeeding or menopausal states.
 The effect of jujube and saffron supplement on Covid-19;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Standard treatment will be performed and a saffron‐jujube supplement will be prescribed with it for 30 patients. The duration of the intervention is 2 weeks and the received dose is equal to 15 ml of the supplement three times a day after each meal orally. On the zero‐day, during consumption, and on the 7th and 14th days of the intervention, the relevant variables are measured. Intervention 2: Control group: Standard treatment will be performed and placebo will be prescribed with it for 30 patients. The placebo does not contain saffron and jujube. The duration of the intervention is 2 weeks and the received dose is equal to 15 ml of the supplement three times a day after each meal orally. On the zero‐day, during consumption, and on the 7th and 14th days of the intervention, the relevant variables are measured. CONDITION: Covid‐19. ; Covid‐19 U07.1 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Complete blood count indices. Timepoint: 0 (before the intervention), 7th, 14th day after intervention. Method of measurement: Complete blood count test. Coughing. Timepoint: 0 (before the start of the intervention) ‐ 14th day after intervention. Method of measurement: Based on Visual Analogue Scale. Investigation of radiological changes. Timepoint: 0 (before the intervention), 7th, 14th day after intervention. Method of measurement: Computed tomography scan. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body temperature. Timepoint: 0 (before the start of the intervention) ‐ 14th day after intervention. Method of measurement: Thermometer. Duration of hospitalization. Timepoint: After the patient is discharged. Method of measurement: The number of days of hospitalization. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Clinical or paraclinical confirmation of disease Absence of underlying disease including diabetes, thyroid disorders, cardiovascular, autoimmune, and hemorrhagic and other lung diseases No pregnancy and breastfeeding.
 Effect of the Folic Acid and Vitamin B12 Supplements with Metformin on the Plasma Homocysteine Levels in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Control group(1): Treated with metformin tablets (500 mg twice daily).Treated for 6 months. Intervention 1: Control group(1): Treated with metformin tablets (500 mg twice daily).Treated for 6 months. Intervention 2: Intervention: group(2):Treated with metformin tablets (500 mg twice daily) with supplements of vitamin B12 (1000 micrograms weekly injections), will be treated for 6 months. Intervention 3: Intervention: group(3):Treated with metformin tablets (500 mg twice daily) with folic acid supplements (1 mg daily), will be treated for 6 months. Intervention: group(2):Treated with metformin tablets (500 mg twice daily) with supplements of vitamin B12 (1000 micrograms weekly injections), will be treated for 6 months. Intervention: group(3):Treated with metformin tablets (500 mg twice daily) with folic acid supplements (1 mg daily), will be treated for 6 months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome Polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Hyperhomocysteinaemia. Timepoint: During the period of six months after treatment. Method of measurement: clinical and laboratory findings. Hyperinsulinaemia. Timepoint: During the period of six months after treatment. Method of measurement: clinical and laboratory findings. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum folic acid levels. Timepoint: Six months after starting treatment. Method of measurement: laboratory findings. Serum homocysteine(HCY) ??levels. Timepoint: Six months after starting treatment. Method of measurement: laboratory findings. Serum vitamin B12 levels. Timepoint: Six months after starting treatment. Method of measurement: laboratory findings. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with PCOs aged 17‐35 years. Exclusion criteria: Patients with each background of malady (such as, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, congenital adrenal hyperplasia,…); using of drugs anti‐pregnancy, hormonal, anti‐overweight and medications known to interfere with folic acid and vitamin B12 metabolism (such as, metotreksat, nitric oxide and Azaribine), history of hypertension, high activity of body, alcoholic, smoker and subjects with > 120 mg/ml serum folic acid and =1000 pg/ml vitamin B12 than normal ranges.
 The antioxidant effects of Q10 co enzyme on oxidative stress and lipid per oxidation among gastric patients infected by h.pylori;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Using three drugs regimen (bismuth sub citrate (120mg/kg QD), tetracycline (500mg QD) and metronidazole (400 mg/kg TD)) + placebo (lactolose) for 6 weeks. The types and dosages of drugs are not changed during treatment period. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Using three drugs regimen (bismuth sub citrate (120mg/kg QD), tetracycline (500mg QD) and metronidazole (400 mg/kg TD)) + Q10 coenzyme (2 mg/kg/day) for 6 weeks. The types and dosages of drugs are not changed during treatment period. Intervention 2: Control group: Using three drugs regimen (bismuth sub citrate (120mg/kg QD), tetracycline (500mg QD) and metronidazole (400 mg/kg TD)) + placebo (lactolose) for 6 weeks. The types and dosages of drugs are not changed during treatment period. Intervention group: Using three drugs regimen (bismuth sub citrate (120mg/kg QD), tetracycline (500mg QD) and metronidazole (400 mg/kg TD)) + Q10 coenzyme (2 mg/kg/day) for 6 weeks. The types and dosages of drugs are not changed during treatment period. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Chronic gastritis, unspecified Gastritis. ; Chronic gastritis, unspecified k 29.5 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Glutation peroxidise. Timepoint: Start and end of study. Method of measurement: Serum level of studied marker by standard kits. Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: Start and end of study. Method of measurement: Serum level of studied marker by standard kits. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC). Timepoint: Start and end of study. Method of measurement: Serum level of studied marker by standard kits. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Including criteria: h. pylori infected gastric patients Excluding criteria: pregnancy; lactation; recent antibiotic application (6 recent weeks); recent attempt for h. pylori treatment; recent surgery of stomach; positive history of alcohol consumption or addiction; having infections or malignancies in other organs; cardiovascular diseases; diabetes; IBD .
 The effects of Opium Tincture in the control of clinical signs associated with methamphetamine;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Standard group give Haloperidol 1mg during 1week, than 1mg/bid during 3 week. Intervention 2: Intervention group give Opium tincture 14cc/day during 2week, than is low 1cc every 4 days. Intervention group give Opium tincture 14cc/day during 2week, than is low 1cc every 4 days. Standard group give Haloperidol 1mg during 1week, than 1mg/bid during 3 week. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Methamphetamin dependency. ; Psychostimulants with abuse potential Psychostimulants with abuse potential PRIMARY OUTCOME: Craving. Timepoint: Befor and during and after invetervention. Method of measurement: Psychological exam. Psychotic reaction. Timepoint: Befor and during and after invetervention. Method of measurement: Beck questionnaire and Psychological exam. Sleep condition improve. Timepoint: Befor and during and after invetervention. Method of measurement: Beck questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Dependence on methamphetamine (more than 10 times the regular use of methamphetamine or 10 days); Urine tests positive for methamphetamine; Age 18‐65 years; Independence and no use of drugs or other addictive drugs at the time of presentation; Complete the consent form; To track patient; Exclusion criteria: Unwillingness person to continue treatment; Patient self‐medication or participate in another study; Other addictive drugs or alcohol or drug use during the study period; Non‐compliance with medication orders during the study; Coming out of treatment (imprisonment, death, ...); Any behavior that resulted in dismissal laws rehab clinic patient; There are other mental disorders that require treatment or the risk of suicide; Significant diseases of the Thyroid, Kidney, Liver, Gastrointestinal or Cardiovascular; History of diabetes or Heart attack, Seizures, Glaucoma, Tick, Tardive dyskinesia; Female without adequate contraception pregnancy or
 Magnesium supplementation and metabolic profiles in poly cystic ovary syndrome (pcos);  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Magnesium supplement, each tablet contains 250 mg magnesium oxide, 1 time a day for 8 week. Intervention 2: Placebo, similar color, odor and appearance to magnesium supplement, 1 time a day for 8 week. Magnesium supplement, each tablet contains 250 mg magnesium oxide, 1 time a day for 8 week Placebo Placebo, similar color, odor and appearance to magnesium supplement, 1 time a day for 8 week Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum Insulin Level. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Androgen. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Commercial kits. C‐Reactive Protein. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Commercial kits. High Density Lipoprotein. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Commercial kits. Homeostatic Model Assessment of Beta‐cell function. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Calculation. Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Calculation. Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Calculation. Low Density Lipoprotein. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Commercial kits. Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Calculation. Testosterone. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Commercial kits. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Baseline, week 8. Method of measurement: Commercial kits. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: having poly cystic ovary syndrome according to the Rotterdam criteria; age between 20‐45 years; not pregnant or lactating; non adherence to specific regime during the past 3 months; no smoking; no chronic diseases including, diabetes, cardio‐vascular, liver, kidney, thyroid; non‐food supplements; being overweight (BMI= 25 Kg/m2) Exclusion criteria: hormone therapy; pregnancy and lactation during the study; weight loss (more than 2.5 kg per month) during the study
 The effect of peppermint tablet on prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting in inguinal hernia;  INTERVENTION: In the control group, one placeboisotrophy isoseda company 30 minutes to 45 minutes before surgery and one other tablet of the same 3 hours after surgery, if complete consciousness and airways reflexes are used sucking. In the intervention group, one tablet from Isooda company 30 minutes to 45 minutes before the surgery, and one other tablet of the same 3 hours after the surgery, if complete consciousness and airway reflexes are used sucking. Intervention 1: In the control group, one placeboisotrophy isoseda company 30 minutes to 45 minutes before surgery and one other tablet of the same 3 hours after surgery, if complete consciousness and airways reflexes are used sucking. Intervention 2: In the intervention group, one tablet from Isooda company 30 minutes to 45 minutes before the surgery, and one other tablet of the same 3 hours after the surgery, if complete consciousness and airway reflexes are used sucking. Prevention CONDITION: Patient Under Anesthesia. ; Unilateral or unspecified inguinal hernia, without obstruction or gangrene Unilateral or unspecified inguinal hernia, without obstruction or gangrene PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nausea & Vometing. Timepoint: Preoperation & Postoperation for 6 Hour. Method of measurement: Visual Scale Nausea & Vometing. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Entry Criteria: 1‐ Having a minimum age of 18 years and a maximum of 65 years of age; 2‐ Perform general anesthesia with intubation; 3‐ Underlying surgical procedure for inguinal hernia; 4‐ Non‐allergenic to peppermint; 5‐Gastrointestinal criteria: no wounds or inflammation, no history of gastric reflux, no biliary dysfunction, no bowel obstruction, no digestive tract ulceration, history of nausea and vomiting after the previous operation, no addiction to alcohol; 6‐ Cardiovascular system: Having ASA class (I, II) ; 7‐Nervous system: Not having Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, not having internal ear disorders and migraines, history of travel sickness (seeing or riding) or vertigo; 8‐ Respiratory system: Absence of respiratory disease; 9‐ Fertility and lactation: Not pregnancy, lactation, absence of menstruation; 10‐ Endocrine: Absence of diabetes; Exit criteria: 1‐ Failure to protocol of anesthesia; 2.‐ Length Duration of anesthesia les
 Comparing the effect of acupuncture and medical treatment on subjective symptoms and neuromuscular electrophysiologic changes in patients with lumbar disk herniation;  INTERVENTION: Added at 2016‐09‐10: acupuncture with 0.25*40 mm size needles on acupoints no effect on treatment , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month Control group: 100mg Celebrex tablets, twice daily (morning and night) plus Williams flexion exercise daily for one month Intervention 1: Study group: Acupuncture treatment with 0.25840mm size needles in 20 acupoints , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month. Intervention 2: Control group: 100mg Celebrex tablets, twice daily (morning and night) plus Williams flexion exercise daily for one month. Intervention 3: Added at 2016‐09‐10: acupuncture with 0.25*40 mm size needles on acupoints no effect on treatment , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month. Placebo Study group: Acupuncture treatment with 0.25840mm size needles in 20 acupoints , 3 times a week, each session 30 min for one month Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Lumbar disc herniation. ; Other intervertebral disc disorders Other intervertebral disc disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Electrodiagnostic (EMG/NCV) changes (CMAP, DML, DSL, MNCV). Timepoint: before and 3 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: repeating the mentioned tests. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Reduced low back pain. Timepoint: before and 3 months afterintervention. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Major eligibility criteria: over 20 years of age, confirmed lumbar disc herniation, willing to participate. Major exclusion criteria: Polyneuritis or lesions of the cervical radicolopathy; hypothyroidism; multiple myeloma; amyloidosis; inability to perform daily functions individually; previous acupuncture treatment or surgery for low back pain; insulin dependent diabetes; pregnancy or less than 3 month post partum; epilepsy; cardiovascular disease; history of gastrointestinal disease and intolerance for NSAIDS; history of warfarin or heparin consumption or a hemorrhagic disease; having the indications for surgery according to red flags and yellow flags.
 Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation and high definition stimulation on restless leg syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The first intervention group received transcranial direct current stimulation (HD‐tDCS) at 4 mA (positive or anode stimulation) over 10 consecutive sessions (25 minutes per session). Intervention 2: The second intervention group received high definition‐transcranial direct current stimulation (HD‐tDCS) at 2 mA (positive or anode stimulation) over 10 consecutive sessions (25 minutes per session). Intervention 3: The first control group received high definition‐transcranial direct current stimulation (HD‐tDCS) with Sham over 10 consecutive sessions. CONDITION: G25.81 restless legs syndrome. ; Restless legs syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cognitive Symptoms. Timepoint: Cognitive Symptoms was measured at the beginning of the study (before the intervention), after the last treatment session, and 30 days (one month) after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: The Integrated Visual and Auditory (IVA‐2). Depression. Timepoint: Depression was measured at the beginning of the study (before the intervention), after the last treatment session, and 30 days (one month) after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: beck depression inventory (BDI‐II). Severity of Restless Legs Syndrome. Timepoint: Severity of Restless Legs Syndrome was measured at the beginning of the study (before the intervention), after the last treatment session, and 30 days (one month) after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: International Restless Legs Syndrome Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnosis of restless legs syndrome by a psychiatrist or psychologist Gaining moderate to high score in severity of the syndrome (scores of 5 to 12) in the international restless legs syndrome questionnaire Rejecting differential diagnosis of neuro‐motor disorder by a neurologist and absence of neurological disorder Aged between 18 to 75 years Not suffering from cardiovascular disease, kidney disease and diabetes (getting information by asking from participants and get help from a physician) Not Smoking and not taking painkillers, sedatives and hypnotics Non‐pregnancy in women
 The effect of warm serum on central body temperature and chills;  INTERVENTION: Prevention This semi‐ experimental study was performed on 92 candidates for cesarean section by spinal anesthesia referring to the operating room of Ali ibn Abi Talib (Zahedan) Hospital in 1396. 46 patients will receive the usual care of the operating room. The cent This semi‐ experimental study was performed on 92 candidates for cesarean section by spinal anesthesia referring to the operating room of Ali ibn Abi Talib (Zahedan) Hospital in 1396. 46 patients will receive the usual care of the operating room. The cent. CONDITION: Caesarean section. ; Delivery by elective caesarean section; delivery by emergency caesarean section Delivery by elective caesarean section; delivery by emergency caesarean section PRIMARY OUTCOME: Central body temperature. Timepoint: Pre‐intervention‐during intervention‐after intervention. Method of measurement: Based on degrees C and using the tympanic thermometer. Chill. Timepoint: During intervention ‐ after intervention. Method of measurement: Based on Crossley classification. Grade 1 = No shivering, Grade 2 = Mild shivering (Hair straightening, Peripheral cyanosis visible without vibration), Grade 3 = Medium shiver (visible muscle tremor in a group of muscles), Grade 4 = Severe chills (Muscle vibration in All muscles of the body). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Arterial blood oxygen saturation. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ during intervention ‐ after intervention. Method of measurement: Using the monitor and percentage basis. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ during intervention ‐ after intervention. Method of measurement: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure using a monitor based on mm of mercury. Pulse rate. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ during intervention ‐ after intervention. Method of measurement: Using the monitor and based on the number in minutes. Respiratory rate. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ during intervention ‐ after intervention. Method of measurement: Using the monitor and based on the number in minutes. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Spinal anesthesia No intake of corticosteroid No administration of non‐steroidal anti‐spasm and magnesium sulfate No underlying disease (thyroid, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and chronic hypertension and preeclampsia) Ending pregnancy at the time of the term (37 to 42 weeks). No fever, addiction, rupture of amniotic sac, polyhydramnios and oligohydroamnios. No constraint for controlling body temperature through tympanic curves.
 Selenium supplementation effects on polycystic ovarian syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: selenium, 200 microgram capsul, once a day for 3 month. Intervention 2: placebo, once a day for 3 month. Placebo placebo, once a day for 3 month selenium, 200 microgram capsul, once a day for 3 month Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome polycystic ovarian syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: ADMA. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: by elisa kit. APO AI. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. APO B100. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: torbidmetry. Fasting serum insulin level. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. HDL. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. Hip circumfernce. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: Centimeter. LDL. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: friedewald equation. Serum cholesterol. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. Serum triglyseride. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. SHBG. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. Testosterone. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: kit. Waist cicumfrence. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: Centimeter. Weihgt. Timepoint: before ‐ after 3 month treatment. Method of measurement: scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The inclusion criteria are as follows: women between 18 and 45 years old; diagnosed PCOS based on the Rotterdam criteria; non smokers the exclution criteria are : having an androgen‐secreting tumor, Cushing syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hyperprolactinemia, and/or virilism; impaired fasting glucose; diabetes, hypothyroidism; hyperthyroidism; liver disease; renal dysfunction; cardiovascular disease or dysfunction; pregnancy or breas feeding; taking medications known to affect metabolic parameters , such as corticosteroid drugs , ocp, selenium or multivitamin and mineral supplements ‐
 The effect of Lavender planet in the treatment on tremor of Multipl Sclerosis patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo, oral capsule, Once a day for 8 weeks, made by Barijessence Pharmaceutical Factory Intervention 1: Control group: placebo, oral capsule, Once a day for 8 weeks, made by Barijessence Pharmaceutical Factory. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Iranian Lavender oil, 80 mg oral capsule, Once a day for 8 weeks, made by Barijessence Pharmaceutical Factory. Intervention group: Iranian Lavender oil, 80 mg oral capsule, Once a day for 8 weeks, made by Barijessence Pharmaceutical Factory Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: G00‐G99 Multiple Sclerosis. ; G35 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Tremor. Timepoint: Questionnair :before the intervention, after four weeks of intervention and after the intervention / Tremor measuring machine: before the intervention and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnair:Tremor part from MDS‐UDPRS/ Tremor measuring machine(Motion Capture System). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Drug Side effects. Timepoint: Four weeks after the intervention, after intervention. Method of measurement: Oral questions from patients. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Including criteria: 1:Having proven MS according to the clinical examination and medical history 2:EDSS rating between 2 to 5.5 3:Having constant and regular medical treatment in the past 4 weeks 4:Consent to use of alternative medicines 7 days before the start of intervention to the end of intervention 5:Not be in another study at the same time 6:Age 15 to 50 years Excluding criteria: 1:History of alcohol or drug dependence 2:pregnancy or Breastfeeding 3:Impaired renal and/or liver function 4:Treatment with steroids over a month before the start of the study 5:Having a neurological disease in addition to multiple sclerosis 6: Having Cardiovascular or Lung disease( such as Asthma) or Diabetes 7:Allergy to Lavender
 A comparison of two stabilizing exercises on transverse abdominis thickness and balance in low back pain patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The abdominal hollowing group do ten repetitions of abdominal hollowing, three times a day for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: The abdominal bracing groups do ten repetitions of each exercise, tree times a day for 6 weeks. Intervention 3: The control group receives no intervention in and do not a specific activity other than routine during 6 weeks. The abdominal bracing groups do ten repetitions of each exercise, tree times a day for 6 weeks. The abdominal hollowing group do ten repetitions of abdominal hollowing, three times a day for 6 weeks. The control group receives no intervention in and do not a specific activity other than routine during 6 weeks. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Inflammatory polyarthropathies M05, M06, Recurrent non‐specific low back pain. ; Inflammatory polyarthropathies PRIMARY OUTCOME: COP velocity and displacement. Timepoint: Beggining of the study and 6 weeks after the first session of intervention. Method of measurement: force plate. Transverse abdominis thickness. Timepoint: Beggining of the study and 6 weeks after the first session of intervention. Method of measurement: Sonography. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Presence of recurrent non specific low back pain; 18‐40 years old; pain fewer than 3 according to VAS questionnaire Exclusion criteria: Presence of diabetes, musculoskeletal disorders, neuromuscular, cardiovascular, respiratory disorders; systemic disease; spondylolysis and spondylolystesis; previous surgery in the spinal region; no history of trauma to lumbar during a year previous the study; disk herniation; nerve root compression; polyneuropathy; carcinoma; malignancy of the spinal region; pregnancy; no history of lumbar region training during 12 months before the study; drugs using with side effects on the postural control system.
 Efficacy of adding Ketamine to Ropivacaine in continues femoral nerve block;  INTERVENTION: Femoral block with 0.3 cc/kg Ropivacaine %0.2 performed and femoral catheter for continues infusion of medication with pump inserted and 100 cc Ropivacaine %0.2 was placed in infusion pump; infusion rate was 5cc/hour. Femoral block with 0.3 cc/kg Ropivacaine %0.2 performed and femoral catheter for continues infusion of medication with pump inserted and 100cc Ropivacaine %0.125 with Ketamine 1mg/kg was placed in infusion pump; infusion rate was 5cc/hour. Pumps were refilled if they were finished. Intervention 1: Femoral block with 0.3 cc/kg Ropivacaine %0.2 performed and femoral catheter for continues infusion of medication with pump inserted and 100 cc Ropivacaine %0.2 was placed in infusion pump; infusion rate was 5cc/hour. Intervention 2: Femoral block with 0.3 cc/kg Ropivacaine %0.2 performed and femoral catheter for continues infusion of medication with pump inserted and 100cc Ropivacaine %0.125 with Ketamine 1mg/kg was placed in infusion pump; infusion rate was 5cc/hour. Pumps were refilled if they were finished. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Ant cruciate ligament strain. ; Sprain and strain involving (anterior)(posterior) cruciate ligament of knee Sprain and strain involving (anterior)(posterior) cruciate ligament of knee PRIMARY OUTCOME: Motor block. Timepoint: 48 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: based on Quadriceps muscle weakness. Pain. Timepoint: 48 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: based on VAS. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Opioid requirment. Timepoint: 48 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Based on miligram of opioid required. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Age 15 to 60 years; 2) ASA I & II; 3) candidates for elective knee surgery; 4) Written consent. Exclusion Criteria: 1) A history of drug misuse; 2) Allergy to Ketamine and Ropivacaine; 3) Alcohol and drugs abuse; 4) Pregnancy and breast feeding; 5) Refusing patients studied; 6) Infection in block area; 7) Any neuropathy; 8) Diabetes; 9) Cardiovascular disease; 10) Hypertension; 11) Renal insufficiencies; 12) Liver failure.
 The effects of Tamarindus indica L. fruit on overweight and besity;  INTERVENTION: Control group: the second group will be asked to use suitable and usual diet for 6 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: Participants of the case group will be asked not only to follow the prescribed diet but also to consume Tamarindus indica L. Fruit pulp (Available in the Market), 10 grams, twice a day with meals for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: the second group will be asked to use suitable and usual diet for 6 weeks. Intervention group: Participants of the case group will be asked not only to follow the prescribed diet but also to consume Tamarindus indica L. Fruit pulp (Available in the Market), 10 grams, twice a day with meals for 6 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Morbid obesity Obesity. ; Morbid obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: Before and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Meters and weight scales. HDL. Timepoint: Before and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Parss Azmon KIT / Hitachi Device. LDL. Timepoint: Before and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Parss Azmon KIT/Hitachi Device. TG. Timepoint: Before and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Parss Azmon KIT/Hitachi Device. Total cholestrol. Timepoint: Before and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Parss Azmon KIT/Hitachi Device. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and after 6 weeks. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: obese and overweight adults (BMI over 25 and less 39.9); subjects aged over 18 years. Exclusion criteria: Individuals with a history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney as well as pregnancy and breastfeeding; Drugs which increase or body weight or are used to lose weight (orlistat, phentermine, diethylpropion, topiramate, bupropion, metformin, SSRI drugs and herbal medicines on the market) from 2 months before the start of the study; Drugs affecting blood lipid levels include statins, fibrates, sex hormones (estrogen, progestins and birth control pills), beta‐blockers, alpha‐blocker, corticosteroids, isotretinoin, cyclosporine) from 2 months prior to the study and supplements like fish oil which is effect on blood lipids levels
 Effect of omega-3 fatty acids supplementation in polycystic ovary syndrome patients;  INTERVENTION: Control group: 2 capsules containing sunflower oil for 2 months Intervention 1: Intervention group: 2 capsules of omega‐3 containing 360 mg EPA and 240 mg DHA for 2 months. Intervention 2: Control group: 2 capsules containing sunflower oil for 2 months. Intervention group: 2 capsules of omega‐3 containing 360 mg EPA and 240 mg DHA for 2 months Placebo CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: enzymatic method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Elisa method. Fasting serum insulin level and insulin resistance. Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Elisa method and HOMA‐IR formula. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: immunotorbidometric method. Lipid profile(TG,LDL,HDL,Total cholesterol). Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method with special kits for assessing TG,HDL and total cholesterol and friedewald equation for assessing LDL cholesterol. Visfatin. Timepoint: baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Elisa method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: woman with polycystic ovary syndrome, 20‐35 years old and BMI of 25‐40. Exclusion criteria: thyroid disorders, hyperprolactinemia, Cushing syndrome, liver, kidney and cardiovascular disease, diabetes, pregnancy and lactation, smoking, use of anti obesity drugs, lipid lowering agent , glucocorticoids, anti coagulation drugs, use a lowering weight diet, have a usual sports program, receiving omega‐3 supplement during 2 month ago and receiving any nutritional supplements during the study
 probing effect in contaminated surgical wounds;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Just a simple dressing is done daily. Intervention 2: Surgical wound probing is done only once a day during hospitalization until the wound is impenetrable. Probing is done with a cotton‐tipped, sterile dry swab between stitches to depth of external oblique fascia. Simple dressing is applied after wound probing. Swabs are purchased from Bistoon‐Teb company and become sterile in Imam Reza Hospital. Cotton‐tipped swab contains no antiseptic or antibiotics. Just a simple dressing is done daily. Prevention Surgical wound probing is done only once a day during hospitalization until the wound is impenetrable. Probing is done with a cotton‐tipped, sterile dry swab between stitches to depth of external oblique fascia. Simple dressing is applied after wound probing. Swabs are purchased from Bistoon‐Teb company and become sterile in Imam Reza Hospital. Cotton‐tipped swab contains no antiseptic or antibiotics. CONDITION: Acute appendicitis with perforation Perforated acute appendicitis. ; Acute appendicitis with perforation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Wound infection. Timepoint: Daily during hospitalization, one week and three weeks after discharge. Method of measurement: Based on clinical examination. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Hospitalization time period. Timepoint: At the time of discharge. Method of measurement: Calculating days of hospitalization. Wound healing. Timepoint: Three weeks after discharge. Method of measurement: Based on clinical examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1.Ages between 12‐60 years old; 2.Operation via Mc‐Burney incision due to acute appendicitis; 3.Evidences of perforated appendicitis e.g., a hole, fecalith, abscess or puss observed by surgeon. Exclusion criteria: 1.Non perforated appendicitis; 2.Incision other than Mc‐Burney; 3.Pregnancy; 4.Ages less than 12 years old and more than 60 years old; 5.Severe sepsis and Immunodeficiency, diabetes, cardiovascular or renal or respiratory or hepatic insufficiency; 6.Body mass index higher than 30.
 Assessment the effect of vitamin B6 supplementation on obesity and overweight;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: pyridoxine hydrochloride Supplement, 2 pills 40 mg per day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo, starch, 2 pills 40 mg per day for 8 weeks. CONDITION: Obesity and overweight. ; Overweight and obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Blood Glucose. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Body composition. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Body Composition Analyser. HDL Cholesterol. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Calculation. LDL Cholesterol. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Calculation. Leptin. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Plasma Insulin. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Triglycerides. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Visceral Fat. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Calculation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: body weight / hight square (kg/m2). Hip circumference. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: measurment. Waist Circumference. Timepoint: The beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: measurment. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Body mass index is over 25 kg / m2 No changes in weight over 5 kg over the past 3 months No history of diabetes, cardiovascular, brain, kidney, liver, respiratory, digestive, thyroid Do not use drugs that affect lipid profile and blood glucose and contraception Not taking any supplements including antioxidants, minerals, omega 3 and B6 within 2 months before the start of the study Non‐use of cigarettes and alcohol Non‐Lactation and Not pregnancy
 The effect of intravenous tranexamic acid on blood loss after vaginal delivery;  INTERVENTION: Control group: After delivery of anterior shoulder, 1g placebo of tranexamic acid in 200 ml normal saline will be infused intravenously over 10 minutes. Intervention 1: Intervention group: After delivery of anterior shoulder, 1g tranexamic acid in 200 ml normal saline will be infused intravenously over 10 minutes. Intervention 2: Control group: After delivery of anterior shoulder, 1g placebo of tranexamic acid in 200 ml normal saline will be infused intravenously over 10 minutes. Intervention group: After delivery of anterior shoulder, 1g tranexamic acid in 200 ml normal saline will be infused intravenously over 10 minutes. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Other immediate postpartum haemorrhage postpartum haemorrhage. ; Other immediate postpartum haemorrhage PRIMARY OUTCOME: Comparison of measured blood loss after delivery in the intervention group (receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group ( receiving placebo of tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: first two hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Differences between the weight of the full and empty container and the dry and bloody plastic cover, drapes and quaze pads will be recorded during the first two hours after delivery and blood loss will be assessed by the method of Gai et al. Comparison of the calculated blood loss after delivery in the intervention group (receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group ( receiving placebo tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: Before and 12‐24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Calculated blood loss will be assessed according to pre‐ and post delivery hematocrit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Comparison of postdelivery hematocrit with effect control of predelivery hematocrit between intervention group(receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group (receiving placebo of tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: Before and 12‐24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: hematocrit assessment. Comparison of postdelivery Hemoglobin with effect control of predelivery Hemoglobin between intervention group (receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group (receiving placebo of tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: Before and 12‐24 hours after delivery. Method of measurement: Hemoglobin assessment. Comparison of the mean duration of the third stage of labor between intervention group (receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group (receiving placebo of tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: From newborn delivery to exclusion of the placenta. Method of measurement: Check of the time in second. Comparison of vital signs between intervention group (receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group (receiving placebo of tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: 15‐30‐45‐60‐90 and 120minutes after delivery. Method of measurement: cheklist. Comparsion of need for additional uterotonic medication after delivery between intervention group (receiving tranexamic acid and oxytocin) and control group (receiving placebo of tranexamic acid and oxytocin). Timepoint: 30, 45, 60, 90 and 120 minute after delivery. Method of measurement: Checklist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐Women with singleton pregnancy between 38 to 42 weeks ‐ Cephalic presentation ‐ No history of cesarean section or uterine surgery ‐ No history of uterine myoma ‐ Normal blood pressure ‐ No history of postpartum haemorrhage ‐ No history of coagulation disorders ‐ No history of heart disease ‐ No history of renal disease ‐ No history of blood disorders and anemia ‐ No history of cerebrovascular disease ‐ Absence of diabetes and preeclampsia in pregnancy current ‐ Absence of polyhydramnious of macrosomia in the current pregnancy ‐ lack of long‐term induction of labor in first stage Exclusion criteria: ‐ Instrumental delivery ‐ Extensive vaginal and cervical lacerations ‐ Need for placenta curettag ‐ Continuous pressure in the fundus of the uterus before the fetus and placenta expulsion.
 Independent and Additive Effects Of Micronutrients With Metformin In Patients With PCOS;  Polycystic ovary syndrome is a condition which is manifested by certain polycystic ovarian morphologic features, hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction. As per the revised diagnostic criteria by National Institute of Health 2012, about 6 to 10% women of the reproductive age are affected by the classic polycystic ovarian syndrome, the prevalence of which is twice as more according to the broader Rotterdam standards . One important cause of distress in patients with this syndrome is the excessive expression of androgens (e.g., hirsutism) which leads to infertility. A number of reports based on PCOS suggest that genetic anomalies of follicular maturation and ovarian steroidogenesis also have a crucial role in the development and occurrence of PCOS. This disorder is polygenic in nature and contributes towards metabolic diseases like obesity . About 50 to 80% women having PCOS are obese . Not only has this but PCOS also had a connection with an elevated risk of cardiovascular disease . Type‐2 diabetes amongst women with this syndrome is reported to be 8 to 10%, and the compromised glucose tolerance cases are reported as high as 30 to 35% of US. Moreover, the chances of occurrence of this disease is highly associated with changes in age, history of diabetes in family and obesity . PCOS is a multifaceted health issue having several short and long term effects on woman's health. These include cardiovascular diseases, metabolic and sexual dysfunction, depression and anxiety that effects the overall quality of life. The present study documents the impact of PCOS and its complications on overall quality of life and how new treatment options can help minimize the signs and symptoms associated with the disease condition. Some of the recent focused therapeutic compounds reported in this context are Resveratrol, L‐Carnitine, Co‐Q10, L‐Arginine and Decanoic acid as naturally occurring nutraceuticals and metformin as standard therapeutic drug against PCOS. Resveratrol (3,5,4‐trihydroxystilbene)‐A naturally occurring polyphenol, found in grapes, peanuts, red wine and many medicinal plants . According to studies, this compound may have many antidiabetic, anti‐inflammatory and antioxidant actions . Kong et al. highlighted that resveratrol decreases the atretic follicles which significantly increase the number of oocytes . This leads to an inhibition of both, apoptosis and primordial to the developing follicle in rats of different age groups . Resveratrol has been reported to interact with multiple cell targets, but its major effects are brought about by the activation of SIRT1 (silent information regulator 1) . SIRT1, which is a key player in energy metabolism and homeostasis, is a mammalian homologue of Sir2 (yeast) which deacetylates many mammalian cell targets. The SIRT1 is basically expressed in oocytes and human granulosa nuclei cells at multiple developmental stages of the follicles. It is also responsible for suppressing inflammation. Moreover, SIRT1 is also involved in protecting the oocytes from age dependent insufficiencies through oxidative stress . Resveratrol has a tendency to suppress inflammation by activating SIRT1 and as a result the symptoms of inflammation are reduced in many autoimmune disease models like rheumatoid arthritis, colitis, encephalomyelitis and type I diabetes L‐Carnitine is involved in fatty acid oxidation by long chain fatty acids transport inside the mitochondria for oxidation to produce metabolic energy and have effects on glucose metabolism in tissues. L‐Carnitine is known to regulate energy production . Studies have shown that patients treated with L‐Carnitine have improved ovulation and pregnancy rates and is very well tolerated by the patients . Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) a lipid soluble coenzyme which is an important component of the inner membrane of mitochondria. It is a key regulator of oxidative phosphorylation in the electron transport chain for ATP synthesis. A number of studies have reported a protective role of CoQ10 in ovaries by restoring aging of ovaries and improving mitochondrial function . According to a recent finding, administration of 20 mg/kg of CoQ10 in a rat model led to increased insulin sensitivity, suggesting its antidiabetic potential . Decanoic acid‐ is naturally occurring fatty acid present in palm and coconut oils . Lee et al suggested that decanoic acid along with metformin altered cAMP signaling and normalized the androgen synthesis. Moreover, in a diabetic mouse model, treatment with decanoic acid led to improved glucose sensitivity. In another study, letrozole‐induced rat PCOS model, the administration of decanoic acid reduced the levels of androgen and 3‐HSD which led to restoration of the estrous cycle . These studies suggest a positive role of decanoic acid in management and treatment of insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism in PCOS patients. L‐Arginine is an amino acid that plays a role in a number of metabolic pathways and serves as a substrate for NOS (Nitric Oxide synthase) enzyme which is essentially involved in normal insulin signaling and endothelial function . In other findings, it is proposed that L‐Arginine also enhances metabolic profile, β‐cell function and has anti‐oxidant potential . The ovarian health was also improved along with follicular growth, luteal function and oocyte development by the administration of L‐Arginine. According to a previous study, PCOS patients had lowered levels of NO (nitric oxide) due to reduced expression of NOS which consequently led to a decline in arginine bioavailability. Therefore, L‐arginine supplementation can have a therapeutic potential . Metformin a biguanide which is used in type 2 diabetes and is mostly used as a gold standard drug for PCOS therapy . The mechanism of action is such that it helps in inhibition of hepatic gluconeogenesis and intestinal glucose absorption which ultimately improves insulin signaling . Metformin has a direct and important role in human ovarian steroidogenesis. It inhibits insulin stimulated progesterone and gonadotrophin dose dependently in granulosa cells . According to a recent research report, it was reported that metformin treatment in infertile, anovulatory PCOS women, resulted in pregnancy, higher ovulation and live birth rates as compared to placebo . PCOS is a systemic condition, an endocrinopathy whose etiology is still not understood, correct treatment regimens of PCOS will not only improve menstrual cycle irregularities of the patients but will also improve the metabolic or endocrinological parameters . PCOS sufferers are also known to have increased levels of perceived stress which will be considered in the study. Very little evidence is available on combination therapy for treatment of PCOS patients. In this study the investigators goal will be to come up with a better treatment option to treat the disease effectively.
 The effect of cinnamon on polycystic ovarian syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Capsules containing 500 mg of cinnamon powder, 3 times a day (morning, afternoon, evening), after a meal with a standard treatment regimen (10 mg medroxyprogesterone tablets?from the 15th day of menstruation for 10 days Control group: contains starch as placebo capsules, 3 times a day (morning, afternoon, evening), after a meal with a standard treatment regimen (10 mg medroxyprogesterone tablets?from day 15 of the menstrual period 10 days). Intervention 1: Capsules containing 500 mg of cinnamon powder, 3 times a day (morning, afternoon, evening), after a meal with a standard treatment regimen (10 mg medroxyprogesterone tablets?from the 15th day of menstruation for 10 days. Intervention 2: Control group: contains starch as placebo capsules, 3 times a day (morning, afternoon, evening), after a meal with a standard treatment regimen (10 mg medroxyprogesterone tablets?from day 15 of the menstrual period 10 days). Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: polycystic ovarian syndrome Polycystic ovary syndrome. ; polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood glucose, two hour blood glucose, serum insulin levels, lipid profile. Timepoint: Before study and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood sample. Serum androgen levels. Timepoint: Before study and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Blood sample. Weight, body mass index, waist and hip. Timepoint: Before study and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: The menstrual cycle regularity. Timepoint: Before study and after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Questions from Patients. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: informed consent to participate in the study? polycystic ovary syndrome diagnostic criteria Rotterdam are two of three of the following symptoms: i abnormal menstrual cycles (oligo dysmenorrhea, amenorrhea) ii polycystic ovaries on ultrasound iii clinical signs of hyperandrogenism (hirsutism ‐acne‐) or biochemical signs of hyperandrogenism and also reject and Cushing's syndrome and congenital adrenal hyperplasia? age 45‐18 years ?Body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to 18. Exclusion criteria: any disease affecting variables (diabetes, liver disease, thyroid, cardiovascular, renal, gastrointestinal, Cushing's syndrome, adrenal hyperplasia, androgen‐secreting tumors, hyperprolactinemia) based on the patient's previous history? Taking blood pressure medications or statins or anti‐diabetic drugs and insulin injections ?Pregnancy ?Breast‐feeding ?use of any vitamin supplements, minerals and hormones for at least two months b
 The effects of orlistat/phentermine versus placebo/phentermine treatment on weight loss and vascular function of overweight patients with back pain;  INTERVENTION: Drug : Randomized placebo‐controlled clinical trials (12 weeks) ‐orlistat (120mg, three times a day, within 1hour after meal) + phentermin (37.5mg, once a day, within 1hour after meal) ‐placebo (120mg, three times a day, within 1hour after meal) + phentermin (37.5mg, once a day, within 1hour after meal) The patients were divided into two groups: orlistat (120mg, three times a day), phentermine (37.5 mg, once a day) combined Group (N = 57), placebo (placebo, three times a day) and phentermine (37.5 mg, once a day) Group (N=57) CONDITION: Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: The primary purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of orlistat and phentermine combination therapy on improvement of vascular function in patients with a BMI greater than 27kg/m2 with high metabolic risk. The primary purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of orlistat and phentermine combination therapy on weight loss in patients with a BMI greater than 27kg/m2 with high metabolic risk. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Effects of combination of orlistat and phentermine on lipid profile changes and inflammatory markers compared to phentermine monotherapy effect of combination of orlistat and phentermine on heart rate variability compared to phentermine monotherapy effect of combination of orlistat and phentermine on the improvement of lower back pain compared to phentermine monotherapy INCLUSION CRITERIA: • After a screening test, the characteristics of the trial were explained and then the patient voluntarily agreed to participate in the study and signed a consent form with IRB approval. • Adults over 20 years of age at the time of obtaining consent •A back pain score of 3 and a metabolic risk of a BMI greater than 27 kg / m2. •Metabolic risk includes the following, according to the American Endocrinology Society (AACE) guidelines. (Diabetic stage, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver, polycystic ovary syndrome, obstructive sleep apnea, osteoarthritis, gastroesophageal •In the case of a pregnant woman, pregnancy test is negative •Patients who can understand and speak Korean •Patients whose physicians approved to participate in the study •Patients who are able to complete the study without participating in other intervention studies (drug, diet, exercise interv
 A clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of plant extract in management of risk factors for heart disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Test Formulation 1: Two capsules per day for three months Intervention2: Test Formulation 2: Two capsules per day for three months Control Intervention1: Placebo: Two capsules per day for three months CONDITION: Dyslipidemic condition PRIMARY OUTCOME: To assess the efficacy of test capsules in comparison with placebo for management of cardiovascular health (CVH) risk factors (change in lipid profile) in dyslipidemic adults.‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Months 1, 2 and 3 SECONDARY OUTCOME: ; To assess the efficacy of test capsules in comparison with placebo for improving the levels of high sensitivity C reactive protein, serum fasting insulin, fasting and post prandial blood sugar (FBS and PPBS), HbA1c, apolipoprotein B, blood pressure (BP), body mass index (BMI), body fat percentage and waist /hip circumference‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: Months 1, 2 and 3 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and female dyslipidemic subjects aged more than or equal to 18 and less than or equal to 65 years of age 2. Appropriate BMI. 3. Subjects with history of stable weight 4. Should be positive for at least 3 CVD risk factors 5. Subject willing to comply with diet control and exercise 6. On stable antihypertensives drugs. 7. Diabetic subject who is only on oral hypoglycemic drugs 8. Must be willing to give written informed consent and comply with the study procedures 9. Female subjects are required to be non‐pregnant, non‐lactating, postmenopausal, surgically sterilized, or using a medically 10. Acceptable form of birth control, as determined by the investigator. 11. Women of child‐bearing potential (non‐postmenopausal and 12. Non‐surgically sterilized) willing to undergo a urine pregnancy test 13. Subject meeting all the laboratory parameter
 Evaluating the effect of metformine on antimullerian hormone(AMH ) in polycystic ovarian syndrome –a clinical trial;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Placebo,oral tablet, Three times a day for three months Intervention 1: Intervention group:Metformin, 500mg oral tablet, Three times a day for three months. Intervention 2: Control group: Placebo,oral tablet, Three times a day for three months. Intervention group:Metformin, 500mg oral tablet, Three times a day for three months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome. PRIMARY OUTCOME: 17(oh)progesterone. Timepoint: before treatment. Method of measurement: Ng. Age. Timepoint: Before treatment. Method of measurement: Year. AMH. Timepoint: before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: Mg. BMI. Timepoint: before treatment and after treatment. Method of measurement: m²/kg. FSH. Timepoint: before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: IU/L. Hip to waist ratio. Timepoint: Before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: Without any unit. Hirsutism score. Timepoint: Before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: Freeman galway score. Kind of treatment. Timepoint: Before treatment. Method of measurement: mg. LH. Timepoint: before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: IU/L. Menstural disorder. Timepoint: Before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: Cycles lessthan26 days and more than 30 days. Prolactin. Timepoint: before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: Ng/Ml. Testesterone. Timepoint: before treatment and after three months. Method of measurement: Ng/Ml. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:1‐age between 18‐45 2‐ patienst without cardiovascular. renal and hepatic disease 3‐ patients must be new cases exclusion criteria: 1‐ use of oral anticoagulant drug during study 2‐stop using metformine during study 3‐pregnancy 4‐body mass index below eighteen 5‐ sever hirsutism 6‐amenorrhea7‐use of clomiphene citrate or other ovulation induction drugs 8‐cushing syndrome 9‐ using drugs that cause hirsutism 10‐ congenital adrenal hyperplasia 11‐ hypothyroidism 12‐ androgen producing ovarian tumors 13‐ prolactinoma 14‐ diabet
 The investigation on the effect of lumbar stabilization exercises on the size of multifidus muscles and balance index in patients with chronic low back pain;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Lumbar Stabilization Exercises (Experimental Group), 15 min, twice daily, for Six week. Intervention 2: Lumbar Mc‐Kenzi Exercises (Control group for ethical consideration to provide treatment for patients), 15 min, twice daily for 6 weeks. Lumbar Mc‐Kenzi Exercises (Control group for ethical consideration to provide treatment for patients), 15 min, twice daily for 6 weeks Lumbar Stabilization Exercises (Experimental Group), 15 min, twice daily, for Six week Rehabilitation CONDITION: Chronic Low Back Pain. ; Injuries to the abdomen, lower back, lumbar spine and pelvis Injuries to the abdomen, lower back, lumbar spine and pelvis S30‐S39 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Index of static and dynamic balance. Timepoint: Before and after 6 week lumbar stabilization exercise and 3 months follow up. Method of measurement: Biodex Balance System. Low Back Pain. Timepoint: Before and after 6 week lumbar stabilization exercise and 3 months follow up. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale. Size of Lumbar Multifidus Meuscles. Timepoint: Before and after 6 week lumbar stabilization exercise and 3 months follow up. Method of measurement: Honda Sonography system. Update 2011.02.26 : Lumbar lordosis angle. Timepoint: Update 2011.02.26 : before and after 6 weeks lumbar stabilization exercise and after 3 month follow‐up. Method of measurement: Update 2011.02.26 : Using flexible ruller. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient who suffer chronic low back pain for more than 3 months, without any certain reason. Exclusion Criteria: Neuromuscular, Musculosketal, Cardiovascular, respiratory and diabetic conditions, Systemic disease, Spondylolistesis or spondylolysis, surgical procedure on lumbar, pressure on the lumbar nerve root, disc herniation, Polyneuropathy, Carsinoma, lumbar trauma report within tha last week,vertebral tumor, pregnancy and low back patients who received lumbar exercise within the last three months
 The effect of L- arginine supplementation on metabolic syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Control group: received 2500 mg sachet containing cellulose compounds Production of pharmaceutical company Karen after lunch and dinner Intervention 1: Intervention group: received two 2500 mg sachet arginine Production of pharmaceutical company Karen after lunch and dinner. Intervention 2: Control group: received 2500 mg sachet containing cellulose compounds Production of pharmaceutical company Karen after lunch and dinner. Intervention group: received two 2500 mg sachet arginine Production of pharmaceutical company Karen after lunch and dinner Placebo CONDITION: Metabolic Syndrome. ; ‐ PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Autoanalaizer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: HBA1C. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme colorimetry. HDL. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme colorimetry. HOMA‐B. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Using insulin and fasting glucose. HOMA‐IR. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Using insulin and fasting glucose. INSULIN. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme colorimetry. LDL. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme colorimetry. QUICKI. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Using insulin and fasting glucose. TG. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme colorimetry. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: at the begining of the study and 3 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme colorimetry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who agree to participate in the study? Having 3 or more of the ATP III criteria? Aged between 20 to 60. Exclusion criteria: The unwillingness of people to enter the study for any reason? Tobacco and alcohol? BMI above 35 and below 18.5? Pregnancy and lactationv hypersensitivity to the drug or allergy,Follow the special dietary? the use of insulin and Inflammatory drugs such as corticosteroids over 3 months? History of diabetes are more than 5 yearsv History of angina? stroke or heart attack in recent years? Chronic kidney disease or severe liver disease? Chronic inflammatory disease and thyroid disease during the past year? Taking any dietary supplement including L‐ arginine during 2 months before the start of the study.
 Lokelma for RAAS Maximisation in CKD & Heart Failure;  Title Lokelma for maximisation of RAAS inhibition in CKD patients with Heart Failure; RCT (LiFT) Clinical Phase Phase III Trial Design Double‐Blind, Placebo‐Controlled, Randomised Trial Participant Population Patients with systolic heart failure chronic kidney disease 3‐5 and no/submaximal RAASi Inclusion.Criteria: : ‐ Age >18 years ‐ Heart failure, clinical or echo confirmed (HFrEF); patients with AF will be included provided the EF can be determined ‐ NYHA class II to IV ‐ Serum potassium 5.0‐5.5 mmol/L ‐ Adequate blood pressure (>90 mm Hg systolic and without postural hypotension; drop of Systolic Blood Pressure >20 or feeling dizzy with change in posture; exclude patients with symptomatic hypotension due to high doses of ACEi/ARB or MRA unless the clinical condition has improved) ‐ CKD with stable eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73m2 ‐ None or submaximal dose of ACEi/ARB and/or MRA or both Exclusion: ‐ Pregnancy ‐ Active malignancy or infection ‐ BMI>35 kg/m2 ‐ Poorly controlled sugar HBA1C> 70 mmol/mmol ‐ Recent ACS ‐ Potassium therapy ‐ Prolonged QT>550msec, congenital QT syndrome and history of prolong QT requiring drug discontinuation Planned Sample Size/Target 130 patients Treatment duration 2 to 12 weeks Follow up duration 4‐14 weeks Planned Trial Period 18 months Objectives Outcome Measures: see below for the primary and secondary outcomes, briefly the study aims compare Sodium Zirconium Cyclosilicate (SZC) and Placebo with respect to enabling patients to achieve the target Renin‐Angiotensin‐Aldosterone‐System‐inhibitors (RAASi) dose while keeping K+ < 5.6. (numbers and proportion of patients in each group) Investigational Medicinal Product Sodium Zirconium Cyclosilicate Formulation, Dose, Route of Administration Powdered, to be taken orally dissolved in water, 10 g TDS for 48 hours followed by 10 or 5 g per day BACKGROUND Chronic Kidney disease (CKD) is common in patients with heart failure, 32% in a meta‐analysis of 1,076,104 patients and 47% in all acute heart failure admissions in our hospital. [Damman,K. 2014] These patients suffer 2.4 times higher mortality. Potentially lifesaving medications for systolic heart failure are not used in patients with CKD and heart failure due to risk of hyperkalaemia. These medications include Angiotensin Converting Enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) and mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists (MRA) [Bowling 2013; Eschalier,R. 2013]. The risk of hyperkalaemia in CKD stage 4‐5 patients on ACEi and MRA is high and potentially fatal. [Sarafidis,P.A. 2012] Hence there is reluctance amongst general practitioners, general physicians and cardiologists managing these patients to use medications which may increase serum potassium [Epstein,M. 2015]. St George's experience: In a study of 1056 acute heart failure admissions of 851 patients at St George's Hospital patients with CKD stage 4/5 and systolic heart failure were less likely to receive ACEi/ARB compared to no‐CKD patients (36% versus 84%; p<0.001) and less likely to receive MRA (17% versus 57%; p<0.001) http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/ehf2.12185/full [Jenkins,R. 2017]. These findings have led to the setting up of a kidney failure‐heart failure service at St George's Hospital funded by three local clinical commissioning groups to improve care for these patients. St George's Hospital has an established heart failure unit and more recently a kidney failure‐heart failure service. Audit of all new referrals to our kidney failure‐heart failure clinic between March and September 2017 have shown that only 3% of all patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction was on maximum dose of ACEi/ARB, and only 2% was on maximum dose of MRA. In another audit of 200 patients with CKD followed in our heart failure clinics between 1 March and 5 October 2017 only 13% of patients were on maximum dose of ACEi/ARB and 2% on maximum dose of MRA. Sodium Zirconium Cyclosilicate (SZC) for hyperkalaemia: Recent studies have shown that Sodium Zirconium Cyclosilicate lowers serum potassium non‐CKD, CKD and separately in heart failure patients [Ash,S.R. 2015; Packham,D.K. 2015; Kosiborod,M. 2014; Anker,S.D. 2015]. Another potassium binder has also been shown to be effective. In a phase 3 randomised controlled trial of 258 patients, Sodium Zirconium Cyclosilicate lowered serum potassium from 5.6 to 4.5 mmol/L in 48 hours and maintained a potassium of <5.1 mmol/L in 90% (as opposed to 48% of patients on placebo. Most potassium binder studies have been short and none have investigated exclusively the high‐risk group with CKD and heart failure, particularly with an aim to maximise RAASi therapy. Statistical outcome measure: Achieving target level of RAASi without hyperkalaemia i.e. serum potassium of >5.6 mmol/L (and potassium>6.0 mmol//L) Event definition: The binary outcome is defined as reaching potassium level of >5.6 mmol/L within the trial period. Serum potassium will be measured by point of care and laboratory testing. For the extended study the event will be defined as a potassium>6.0 mmol/L. TRIAL DESIGN We propose a pilot 1:1 randomised placebo‐controlled clinical trial to investigate the effect of the potential drug aiming at lowering the potassium levels if taken in conjunction with RAASi. Randomisation is stratified by the baseline RAASi dose the patients are subjected to when they join the trial. All eligible patients will be randomised to either oral Lokelma or equivalent placebo. The trial will consist of the following phases: screening, correction phase and maintenance phase. During screening, a patient's eligibility will be assessed. After the screening is completed, the eligible patients will be randomized to Lokelma or Placebo and the initial potassium correction phase will be initiated. This phase will use correction phase dosing as per label (10 mg thrice daily) and be at most 48h long. During this period, potassium will be assessed at 48 hours, and patients judged to be normokalaemic (K+ between 3.5 and 5) will be transferred to the maintenance phase and initiate maintenance phase dosing regimen. After 48h, all patients will be transferred to maintenance phase, regardless of whether or not they are found to be normokalaemic at that time point. During the maintenance phase, a titration of IP will take place as shown below. In parallel to the IP administration, a patient's ACEi/ARB and MRA treatment will be initiated or, if a patient already on ACEi/ARB and MRA, intensified. For details, see Study Schema and below. Consent Full informed consent will be obtained prior to the participant undergoing any activities that are specifically for the purposes of the study. The participant's GP will be informed in writing of their participation in the study. Baseline data Baseline data will be recorded on the eCRF (web based secure system "redcap") and will include demographics such as age, gender, ethnicity; clinical comorbidities such as diabetes, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease; cardiovascular risk factors such as hypercholesterolemia, BMI, smoking, family history of IHD; blood test results such as haemoglobin, ferritin, urea, creatinine, sodium, potassium, BNP, troponin, calcium, phosphate, PTH, ECG and results of an echocardiogram. In addition, we will record pulse, BP (average of 3), weight, oedema, chest crepitations, elevated Jugular Venous Pressure (JVP), frailty score, QOL score. Trial assessments Patients will be seen every two weeks for safety checks, blood tests, drug dosing and RAASi dosing. Data will be recorded on history for symptoms of heart failure, breathlessness, tiredness, leg swelling; physical examination finding, weight, oedema, chest crackles; blood test sodium, potassium, creatinine and drug dose. The end of trial visit will record the same along with the QOL score. Long term follow‐up assessments At the end of the trial the patient's data will be collected from the EPR on RAASi dose and outcome from their standard of care visits. There will be no follow up visits related to the trial. Withdrawal criteria The patient may be withdrawn from the study if they request to do so, or due to safety concerns (such as a SUSAR). Each withdrawal will be replaced. Their data will be collected from EPR until the end of the study. The study may need to be stopped if there are multiple SUSARs; this will be discussed with the DMC. Storage and analysis of clinical (biological) samples The sample will be collected and serum/plasma will be saved in ‐80 degrees Celsius freezer in the cardiovascular research institute for future biochemical analysis. End of trial The trial will end with the last visit for the last patient. The MHRA and the REC will be notified within 90 days of the trial end. TRIAL TREATMENTS Lokelma or matching Placebo will be administered 10 g thrice daily for the initial 48h. If normokalaemia, defined as K+ between 3.5 and 5, is reached earlier, maintenance phase dosing will be initiated, starting with 5 g daily. If by the end of the correction phase normokalaemia is not reached, the patient will be started on 10 g daily dosing. During the maintenance phase, the IP will be titrated as follows: Dose at start of visit Serum potassium end of visit Dose change at the end of visit If on 10 g daily 5.0‐6.0 mmol/l Continue 10 g daily 3.5‐5.0 mmol/l Change to 5 g daily <3.5 mmol/l Stop >6 mmol/l Stop and initiate rescue If on 5 g daily >5.0 mmol/l Change to 10 g daily 3.5‐5.0 mmol/l Continue 5 g daily <3.5 mmol/l Stop If on 0 g daily (temporary stop) <= 5 Continue with no IP >5 Initiate 5 g daily The drug can be restarted 2 weeks after discontinuation due to hypokalaemia depending on the blood result. A patient will remain on their baseline RAASi treatment during the first two weeks post‐randomization. The dose of RAASi will then be increased in a step‐wise fashion as mentioned above every two weeks provided there is no allergy, severe hyperkalaemia (potassium >6.0 mmol/L) or symptomatic hypotension. In case of allergy or severe hyperkalaemia are observed, the RAASi treatment will be stopped with no possibility of re‐initiation. In case of symptomatic hypotension, the change in dosing will be delayed. The dose changes will be allowed within 2 days of the scheduled visit. Other concomitant treatments and monitoring Other concomitant medications will continue. During the trial period clinicians are advised to use diuretics such as furosemide for lung congestion, shortness of breath and oedema in doses 40‐160 mg daily (or equivalent bumetanide 1‐4 mg), and metolazone 2.5 to 5 mg daily as clinically indicated. Patients will be encouraged to monitor their own blood pressures at home.
 Effect of L-carnitine supplementation on resting metabolism rate and body composition in obese women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: L ‐ carnitine, 1 gram tablets, 2 times per day for 4 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo group: Maltodextrin, 1‐gram tablets, 2 times per day for 4 weeks. Intervention group: L ‐ carnitine, 1 gram tablets, 2 times per day for 4 weeks Placebo Placebo group: Maltodextrin, 1‐gram tablets, 2 times per day for 4 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories Obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Amount (kg) of body fat. Timepoint: Beginning and end of study (4 weeks). Method of measurement: Weight persons with a scale and height with a gauge and then put the results in equation of BMI (weight/height x Height). Amount of lean body mass. Timepoint: Beginning and end of study (4 weeks). Method of measurement: Body composition device. BMI. Timepoint: beginning and end of study (4 weeks). Method of measurement: weight persons with a scale and height with a gauge and then put the results in equation of BMI (weight/height x Height). Percent of body fat. Timepoint: Beginning and end of study (4 weeks). Method of measurement: Body composition device. Waist to hip ratio. Timepoint: Beginning and end of study (4 weeks). Method of measurement: Measure waist and hip size with a gauge and then use (waist/hip). Weight. Timepoint: Beginning and end of study (4 weeks). Method of measurement: Weight person with scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Lipid profile. Timepoint: At the beginning and end of study. Method of measurement: Blood test. Resting metabolism rate. Timepoint: At the beginning and end of study. Method of measurement: Indirect calorimetry. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: obese women (BMI 30‐35) who succeed to lose 10 to 15% of body weight in last 3‐6 months under the supervision of qualified dietitian and proper diet and also have clear diet records and the specified file Exclusion criteria: Patients (cardiac, pulmonary, diabetes and thyroid disease), smokers or people with specific physiological conditions such as pregnancy, lactation and menopause, People who are taking multivitamin supplements and athletes are excluded.
 Evaluation of the effect of Enalapril on endothelial dysfunction and improvement of clinical status in migraineurs;  INTERVENTION: Enalapril, 5 mg tablet, twice a day for 2 months Intervention 1: Enalapril, 5 mg tablet, twice a day for 2 months. Intervention 2: Oral placebo tablet, twice a day for 2 months. Oral placebo tablet, twice a day for 2 months Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diseases of the nervous system/Episodic and paroxysmal disorders Migraine. ; Diseases of the nervous system/Episodic and paroxysmal disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Clinical status improvement. Timepoint: before intervention/1 month later/2 months later. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Endothelial dysfunction recovery. Timepoint: before intervention/2 months later. Method of measurement: FMD with high resolution Bmode Ultrasonographic system/NOx with Greiss method/CRP with ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: FMD Index. Timepoint: Before intervention,2 months later. Method of measurement: High resolution Bmode Ultrasonography. Headache durations. Timepoint: Before intervention,1 month, 2 month. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Headache frequencies. Timepoint: Before intervention,1 month, 2 month. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Headache severity. Timepoint: Before intervention,1 month, 2 month. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Level of CRP. Timepoint: Before intervention,2 months later. Method of measurement: ELISA. NOx. Timepoint: before intervention,2 months later. Method of measurement: Greiss method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: having more than three migraine attacks per month during the last 3 months, having more than 3 migraine attacks during the baseline period, debut of migraine at least one year prior to study, start of migraine before age 50 years Exclusion Criteria: Having cardiovascular (endothelial dysfunction) risk factors, undistinguishable headache interval from migraine, chronic tension‐type headache or other headache occurring on more than 15 days per month, pregnancy, breast feeding, inability to use contraceptives, presence of heart conduction block on ECG or significant ECG abnormality, presence of current or previous asthma, diabetes, decreased hepatic or renal function, hypersensitivity to active substance, significant psychiatric illness, use of daily migraine prophylactics less than 4 weeks prior to study, having tried more than or equal to three prophylactic drugs against migraine during the last 10 years, previous use of Enalapril in adequa
 Phase III Study Comparing Gabapentin-Duloxetine Capsules to Pregabalin-Duloxetine Capsules for Neuropathic Pain;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Fixed Dose Combination of Gabapentin + Duloxetine Capsule: Test Product (T1) Fixed Dose Combination of Gabapentin 200 mg + Duloxetine 20mg capsule frequency: Combination of gabapentin and duloxetine will be 200 mg +20mg on day 1,400+40mg on day 2 and on onwards will be continued with BD in daily divided dose. Route of Administration: Oral Duration:08 Weeks Intervention2: Fixed Dose Combination of Gabapentin + Duloxetine capsule: Test Product (T2) Fixed Dose Combination of Gabapentin 300mg + Duloxetine 30mg capsule Frequency: Combination of gabapentin and duloxetine will be accordingly 300mg +30mg on day 1, 600mg + 60mg on day 2 and on onwards will be continued with BD Route of Administration: Oral Duration: 08 Weeks Control Intervention1: Fixed Dose Combination of Pregabalin + Duloxetine capsule: Fixed Dose Combination of Pregabalin 75mg + Duloxetine 30mg capsule Control Intervention2: Fixed Dose Combination of Pregabalin + Duloxetine capsule: Reference product Fixed Dose Combination of Pregabalin 75mg + Duloxetine 30mg capsule Frequency: Combination of pregabalin and duloxetine will be BD from day 1 itself Route of Administration : Oral Duration: 08 Weeks CONDITION: Health Condition 1: G938‐ Other specified disorders of brain PRIMARY OUTCOME: Mean change in Pain Intensity as assessed by VASTimepoint: Baseline, Treatment Visit Week 4 and EOT or EOS Week 8 SECONDARY OUTCOME: By the type, number, frequency & proportion of patients with Adverse Event(s).Timepoint: Baseline Treatment Visit Week 4 & EOT or EOS Week 8 Mean change in Allodynia (pain due to a stimulus that does not normally cause pain, e.g., stroking) as assessed by VAS.Timepoint: Baseline Treatment Visit Week 4 & EOT or EOS Week 8 Mean change in Hyperalgesia (severe pain due to a stimulus that normally causes slight pain, e.g., a pinprick) as assessed by VAS. ; Timepoint: Baseline Treatment Visit Week 4 & EOT or EOS Week 8 Pain disability inde XscoreTimepoint: Baseline Treatment Visit Week 4 & EOT or EOS Week 8 INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Male and Female patients with age more than 18 years. 2. Written informed consent signed by patient and willing to comply with the study procedure. 3. Patients with established newly diagnosis of Neuropathic pain (e.g., Post herpetic neuralgia, Diabetic neuropathy, post‐surgical/ traumatic neuropathic pain.). 4. Presence of dynamic tactile allodynia or pinprick hyperalgesia in the area of pain. 5. Except Neuropathic pain and diseases associated with it patient is judged to be in general good health based on medical history and physical examination. 6. In case of woman of childbearing potential willing to use effective contraception during the study and willing to undergo pregnancy test 7. Patients having pain rating of at least 4 on a VAS of 0‐10.
 Comparison of Preconditioning Effect of High Dose and Low Dose Atorvastatin Treatment in Patients Underwent CABG;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Patients in the study group received 80 mg atorvastatin daily, for 3 days before surgery and low dose of 20 mg atorvastatin daily during the ICU stay, after surgery, and after discharge, the treatment continued at home with a single dose of 20 mg atorvastatin daily. Intervention 2: patients in the control group received 20 mg atorvastatin up to surgery and during the one month follow up period they continued their medication with 20 mg atorvastatin daily. patients in the control group received 20 mg atorvastatin up to surgery and during the one month follow up period they continued their medication with 20 mg atorvastatin daily. Patients in the study group received 80 mg atorvastatin daily, for 3 days before surgery and low dose of 20 mg atorvastatin daily during the ICU stay, after surgery, and after discharge, the treatment continued at home with a single dose of 20 mg atorvastatin daily. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Atherosclerotic heart disease Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery. ; Atherosclerotic heart disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: High‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP) levels,. Timepoint: before induction of anesthesia and 24 ,48 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Arterial blood sample. Mechanical ventilation duration in the ICU. Timepoint: After arrival to the ICU. Method of measurement: Observasion. The serum level of CPK‐MB enzymes, troponin I. Timepoint: before induction of anesthesia and 24 ,48 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: Arterial blood sample. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood glucose. Timepoint: After surgery in the intensive care unit. Method of measurement: blood sample. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and urine output. Timepoint: After surgery in the intensive care unit. Method of measurement: observasion. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients who had been taking (atorvastatin 20 mg daily) at least one year prior to the cardiac surgery. Exclusion criteria: unstable angina; evidences of recent MI (within 6 months) ; history of cardiac surgery; congenital heart disease; history of cardiac arrhythmia (arterial fibrillation) before surgery; receiving anti‐ arrhythmic drugs (except Beta blockers) ; having pacemaker; left ventricle ejection fraction less than 30%, uncontrolled hypertension; arterial or ventricular arrhythmia; pregnancy; patient who are undergoing diabetes treatment; increased level of liver enzymes; renal failure with creatinine more than 2 mg/dl; active inflammation or immune deficiency; positive history of muscle disease or reaction to the stations.
 Effect of Nicorandil on contrast media-induced acute kidney injury;  INTERVENTION: Control group: All patients will be received intravenous hydration (2 liters normal saline From 2 h before to 6 h after contrast intake) Intervention 1: Control group: All patients will be received intravenous hydration (2 liters normal saline From 2 h before to 6 h after contrast intake). Intervention 2: Intervention group: All patients will be received Nicorandil 20 mg ?tablet (two hours before contrast intake) plus intravenous hydration (2 liter Normal saline from 2 h before to 6 h after injection of contrast). Nicorandil, a nicotinamide derivative with the molecular formula C8H9N3O4 ; Causes sustained dilation of both the arterial resistance and conductive vessels. This drug is an anti‐angina medication that has the dual properties of nitrate and K+ATP channel agonist. Intervention group: All patients will be received Nicorandil 20 mg ?tablet (two hours before contrast intake) plus intravenous hydration (2 liter Normal saline from 2 h before to 6 h after injection of contrast). Nicorandil, a nicotinamide derivative with the molecular formula C8H9N3O4 ; Causes sustained dilation of both the arterial resistance and conductive vessels. This drug is an anti‐angina medication that has the dual properties of nitrate and K+ATP channel agonist. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Acute renal failure. ; Drug‐ and heavy‐metal‐induced tubulo‐interstitial and tubular conditions Drug‐ and heavy‐metal‐induced tubulo‐interstitial and tubular conditions PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum creatinine. Timepoint: Before and 48 h after contrast intake. Method of measurement: laboratory Kit (enzymatic method). INCLUSION CRITERIA: The inclusion criteria were the existence of at least one risk factor of contrast‐induced nephropathy, including 1) Moderate systolic heart failure [30% < (EF) Ejection fraction < 45%] 2) Diabetes 3) Age> 75 years 4) Moderate renal insufficiency (1/5mg/ dL< Cr < 2mg/ dL 5) Hypotension (systolic blood pressure < 90 mm Hg 6) Anemia 7) History of hypertension Exclusion criteria: 1‐ Pregnancy and lactation 2‐ Allergy to radiographic contrast 3‐ Have cardiogenic shock and pulmonary edema during study 4‐ emergency catheterization 5‐ Serum creatinine levels> 2 mg/dL and preexisting dialysis 6‐ Exposure to contrast medium 48 h pre‐ and post‐coronary angiography 7‐ Receive of diuretics, N‐acetylcystein, sodium bicarbonate, Theophylline, Dopamine, Fenoldopam and NSAID’S during the study 8‐ Needs to continuous hydration therapy (e.g., sepsis) 9‐severe heart failure (EF<=30%)
 Effect of black raisin consumption on some cardiovascular risk factors;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: intervention group consume 90 grams black raisin daily for 5 weeks and Amount of energy and macronutrients that are received via raisins are Replaced in intervention group Dietary. Intervention 2: The control group receives no intervention. intervention group consume 90 grams black raisin daily for 5 weeks and Amount of energy and macronutrients that are received via raisins are Replaced in intervention group Dietary. The control group receives no intervention CONDITION: Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism and other lipidaemias Hyperlepidemia. ; Disorders of lipoprotein metabolism and other lipidaemias PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: at baseline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Aneroid sphygmomanometer dial, bulb, and air valve. Height. Timepoint: Baseline. Method of measurement: wall meter. MDA , Malondialdehyde. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: TBARS. Plasma levels of coagulation factor VII. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Clotting time and spicial kit. Plasma levels of fibrinogen. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: special kits and analyzer vicheles. Serum levels of HDL. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Methods of enzymatic analysis. Serum levels of hs‐CRP. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA Kits. Serum levels of LDL. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald formula. Serum total cholesterol. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Methods of enzymatic analysis. Serum triglycerid. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Methods of enzymatic analysis. TAC , serum total antioxidant capacity. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Colorimetric Test Kits. Weight. Timepoint: at basline and 5 weeks after the intervention. Method of measurement: Kilogram and with digital weight scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Hypercholesterolemia patients who have high cholesterol of 200 mg dL or triglyceride levels over 200 milligrams per deciliter. Exclusion criteria: Hepatic or renal disorders, hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism, myocardial infarction, diabetes, as well as samples that consume antioxidants, Pregnancy or hormone therapy in women
 Effects of Metformin Plus Simvastatin on Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS): a Prospective, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study;  Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrinopathy affecting 6.5%‐6.7% of women in reproductive age, and is commonly associated with obesity, menstrual irregularity, insulin resistance (IR), infertility, and clinical hyperandrogenism and/or hyperandrogenemia (1,2). PCOS is also associated with increased risk of abnormal lipoproteins and hypertension, as well as cardiovascular or cerebrovascular morbidity (3). The lipid and lipoprotein profile in androgenized women with poly cystic ovaries is similar to the made pattern with higher levels of cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), and lower levels of high‐density lipoprotein (HDL), and this abnormal pattern is independent of body weight (4). Insulin resistance is associated with reproductive abnormalities in women with PCOS. Improving insulin sensitivity through both lifestyle and pharmacological intervention can ameliorate these abnormalities. Insulin resistance in women with PCOS is common (up to 50%), both in obese and nonobese women (5), and disordered insulin action precedes the increase in androgen. Treatment for PCOS subjects typically includes, implementation of lifestyle changes especially weight loss and adjuvant pharmaceutical intervention including oral contraceptives, anti‐androgen therapy and insulin‐lowering drugs (such as, metformin) (6). Metformin is a biguanide used extensively in type 2 diabetes. It inhibits hepatic glucose production and increases peripheral insulin sensitivity, but dose not cause hypoglycemia. Several studies have shown an increase in insulin sensitivity and pregnancy rate accompanied by decreased insulin and androgen levels in PCOS patients taking metformin (7). The 3‐hydroxy‐3‐methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG‐COA) reductase inhibitors (statins) are the rate‐limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis, and inhibition of this enzyme decreases cholesterol synthesis and a compensatory increase in the expression of LDL receptors in the liver. Statins reduce plasma triglycerides in dose‐dependent fashion and also have a modest HDL‐raising effect which is not dose‐dependent (8,9). Furthermore, statins pose other cardio‐protective properties, including antioxidant and anti‐inflammatory actions (10,11). Some studies have reported that simvastatin decreases serum androgen levels in women with PCOS (12,13) by inhibiting proliferation and steroidogenesis of ovarian theca‐interstitial cells (14). According to these previous findings, we hypothesized that combination therapy with simvastatin and metformin will result in lower androgen levels and cardiovascular risk factors in women with PCOS.
 Lifestyle Modification and Metformin Use in the Treatment of HIV;  After two initial screening visits with medical and nutrition staff for informed consent and determination of eligibility qualifying subjects will be seen for a baseline visit. At baseline subjects will have an interval history and physical exam, lipodystrophy evaluation by investigator and patient report. Bloods will be taken for insulin, glucose, HgbA1c, lipid studies, creatinine, liver function, serum lactate, urine pregnancy (women), CD4, viral load, and complete blood count (CBC). Metabolic assessment will include a 2‐hour oral glucose tolerance test and indirect calorimetry. Carotid ultrasound will be done for assessment of intima‐media thickness. Body composition will be assessed by dual energy x‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA), single‐slice magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanning through the abdomen and mid thigh, magnetic resonance spectroscopy scanning to assess intramyocellular lipid of the calf, anthropometric measurements, and Cardiac computed tomography (CT) will be done. After the baseline visit, subjects will be randomized to 1 of 4 groups: 1) a lifestyle modification program plus metformin (also known as glucophage), 2) lifestyle modification plus placebo, 3) metformin alone or 4) placebo alone. The starting dose of metformin will be 500mg twice daily and this will increase to 850mg twice daily at the 3‐month visit. An identical visit to that at baseline will be repeated at 12‐months. Subjects will return at 1 month for an interval history and physical exam, assessment of compliance and side effects. Blood will be collected for CBC, lactate, liver function, and creatinine. Women will have a urine pregnancy. A 6‐month visit will include an interval history and physical exam, assessment of compliance and side effects, 2 hour oral glucose tolerance test, fasting bloods (glucose, lipid panel, creatinine, liver function, serum lactate, CBC) will be done, a urine pregnancy will be checked in women. Carotid ultrasound will be done and body composition will be assessed by anthropometric measurements and DEXA scan. There will also be a short visit at 3 and 9 months to obtain an interval history and physical exam, safety labs (serum lactate, CBC, liver function, and creatinine), urine pregnancy (women). Subjects randomized to metformin or placebo will increase their dose from 500mg twice daily to 850mg twice daily at the 3 month visit. At each of the visits review of a 4 day food record will occur. Those randomized to lifestyle modification will attend weekly sessions with a study investigator to cover a "core‐curriculum" that is modeled after the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) intervention. The primary goals of the lifestyle modification program are derived from a combination of recommendations from the American Academy of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE) and National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP). The goals are to eat less than or equal to 35% of total calories from fat (less than 7% from saturated fat, up to 10% from polyunsaturated fat with emphasis on sources of omega 3 fatty acids and reduction of trans fatty acids, up to 20% from monounsaturated fats), and 25‐35g of fiber per day. The intensity of the counseling sessions will decrease in months 10 through 12 to biweekly counseling session with study investigators and biweekly phone contact, alternating. In addition to the program outlined above, those randomized to the lifestyle modification group will also participate in progressive resistance training. Each training session will begin with a 5 minute warm‐up on a stationary bicycle at 50% of the estimated maximal heart rate (maximal heart rate=220‐age). All sessions will be monitored by a licensed physical therapist. Immediately after the warm‐up, a standard flexibility routine will be performed to minimize the risk of injury. Then, the aerobic training protocol will be performed. The aerobic training program will follow the general guidelines established by the American College of Sports Medicine. Training will be performed using a standard stationary bicycle. Aerobic/endurance exercise will be performed with large muscle groups. Each subject will complete three supervised training sessions per week for 12 months. Strength training will be performed using Keiser equipment. Selected muscle groups will be trained alternating upper and lower exercises in the following order: 1) hip extension, 2) lateral pull down, 3) knee extension, 4) elbow flexion, 5) knee flexion, and 6) chest press. Each repetition will include concentric and eccentric phases. Each muscle group will be trained individually 3 times per week, on alternate days. The subjects will perform three sets of 10 repetitions each for every muscle group, resting 2‐3 seconds between repetitions, 2 minutes between sets, and 4 minutes between muscle groups. The 1 repetition maximum will be measured every 3‐4 weeks for the first 6 months and it will be repeated again at the 9 and 12 month visits. The relative intensity will increase from 60‐80% of the 1 repetition maximum over 6 months. Subjects not randomized to training will have a determination of 1 repetition maximum made at baseline, 6 and 12 months.
 Effect of Motivational Interviews on Childbirth Perception and Childbirth Self-Efficacy;  Materials and Methods Research Design and Sample This study was designed as a randomized controlled trial in which the research subjects were randomly assigned to an experimental group that took part in the motivational interview and a control group. The research population was comprised of nulliparous women who were admitted to the obstetrics polyclinic in a city hospital in Turkey. Only a city hospital and a university hospital were located in the province center where the research took place. Mostly, the high‐risk pregnancies are followed up in the university hospital. Therefore, the research was conducted in the city hospital. According to the records of the city hospital, 6,768 pregnant women were admitted to the obstetrics polyclinic in 2019. The research data were collected from July 2019 to November 2020. Web‐based sample size calculation was used in calculating the sample size for the research. As per the power analysis conducted with a 5% margin of error, 95% confidence interval at two‐tailed statistical significance level, and 80% power, the sample size was calculated as 83 pregnant women for each group (83 pregnant women for the experimental group, 83 pregnant women for the control group) assuming that the mean Traumatic Childbirth Perception Scale score that was 70.57±21.89 points before applying the motivational interviews (Aktaş, 2018) would go down by 9 points following the motivational interviews. The process of sample selection took place in conformity with the criteria prescribed by the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT). The criteria for being included in the research were as follows: (1) having the ability to communicate, (2) being within 28‐36 weeks of pregnancy, (3) being aged 18 or above, (4) having a live singleton fetus, (5) having no pregnancy‐related risk (pre‐eclampsia, diabetes, cardiac disease, placenta previa, oligohydramnios, and so on), (6) having no problem about the fetus's health (fetal anomaly, intrauterine growth restriction, and so on), (7) having a medium or a higher level of traumatic childbirth perception according to the Traumatic Childbirth Perception Scale (≥53 points). The criterion for being excluded from the research was to have a condition that would prevent the woman from having a normal birth (total placenta previa and so on). The pregnant women who satisfied the inclusion criteria stipulated for the research were assigned to the experimental group (n=107) and control group (n=100) through simple randomization according to the historical order of their admittance to the polyclinic. Out of 107 pregnant women included in the experimental group, 13 women were excluded from the research after the first motivational interview (two pregnant women for being diagnosed with a high‐risk pregnancy, three pregnant women for having a premature birth, and eight women for not attending the research), 8 women were excluded from the research after the second motivational interview (two pregnant women for being diagnosed with a high‐risk pregnancy, two pregnant women for having a premature birth, and four women for not continuing to attend the research), and 3 women were excluded from the research after the third motivational interview (three pregnant women for having a premature birth). Of 100 pregnant women included in the control group, 17 women were excluded from the research after the first meeting with the researcher (four pregnant women for being diagnosed with a high‐risk pregnancy, six pregnant women for having a premature birth, and seven women for not attending the research). Thus, the research was finalized with the participation of 166 pregnant women in total (83 pregnant women in the experimental group, 83 pregnant women in the control group. Data Collection Tools The Personal Information Form, the Traumatic Childbirth Perception Scale (TCPS), and the short‐form Childbirth Self‐Efficacy Inventory (CBSEI‐32) were utilized for the collection of research data. Personal Information Form The Personal Information Form was created by the researchers upon the review of the relevant literature. The questions in the form pertained to the participant woman's sociodemographic characteristics (age, education level, employment status, income level, and so on) and data about her pregnancy (how many pregnancies the woman had, whether the current pregnancy was desired by the woman, and so on). Traumatic Childbirth Perception Scale (TCPS) Yalnız et al. (2016) developed the scale to evaluate the traumatic childbirth perception levels of the women at reproductive age and performed the validity and reliability test for the scale in Turkish. The scale has a total of 13 questions that cover thoughts and emotions such as anxiety, fear, and worry felt by the women while thinking about the concept of childbirth. Each question is scored from 0 (I am not afraid at all) to 10 points (I am very afraid). The mean of scores obtained from the scale indicates the traumatic childbirth perception level. The minimum and maximum scores to be obtained from the scale are successively 0 and 130 points. A high score obtained from the scale demonstrates that the pregnant woman has high‐level traumatic childbirth perception. The scores ranging from 0 to 26, from 27 to 52, from 53 to 78, from 79 to 104, and from 105 to 130 consecutively refer to very low, low, moderate, high, and very high levels of traumatic childbirth perception. The Cronbach's alpha coefficient was calculated as 0.89 for the scale. Under this study, it was found as 0.82 for the scale. Short‐Form Childbirth Self‐Efficacy Inventory (CBSEI‐32) The inventory was developed by Ip et al. in 2005 to measure the women's levels of self‐efficacy in childbirth and the validity and reliability test for the inventory was performed in Turkish in 201. It has two factors, that is, outcome expectancy (OE‐16) and efficacy expectancy (EE‐16), and each factor has 16 questions. The minimum and maximum scores to be obtained from each factor are successively 16 and 160 points. A high score to be obtained from each factor shows that the pregnant woman has high‐level efficacy and outcome expectancy in relation to the act of giving birth. In this Likert‐type inventory, the answers given to the questions are scored from 1 to 10 points. The respondent choices are expressed as 'not at all helpful' (1 point) and 'very helpful' (10 points) for each question under the OE‐16 whilst they are expressed as 'very sure' (1 point) and 'not at all sure' (10 points) in the first thirteenth questions and as 'not at all sure' (1 point) and 'very sure' (10 points) in the questions 14‐16 under the EE‐16. The first 13 questions in the EE‐16 are reverse‐scored. The minimum and maximum total scores to be obtained from the inventory are respectively 32 and 320 points. A high score to be obtained from the inventory indicates that the pregnant woman has high‐level self‐efficacy in childbirth. The Cronbach's alpha coefficient was calculated as 0.90 for the inventory. Under this study, it was found as 0.92 for the inventory. Data Collection The research data were collected by the researchers through the face‐to‐face interview method in the school of pregnant women located in the city hospital. First of all, the TCPS was applied to the pregnant women, and the pregnant women who obtained a score above 53 points (moderate‐level traumatic childbirth perception) from the TCPS were invited to the research. Next, the Personal Information Form and the CBSEI‐32 were applied to the pregnant women who agreed to participate in the research. The motivational interviews were held with the pregnant women in the experimental group once a week for four weeks. No initiative was applied to the pregnant women in the control group. The TCPS and CBSEI‐32 were applied to all participant pregnant women after four weeks following the first application. The application of the measurement tools took 10‐15 minutes. Intervention The researcher (SB) had motivational interviews with the pregnant women in the experimental group once a week for four weeks in the research. The aim of motivational interviews is to enable that pregnant women understand the traumatic childbirth perception, take action for change, and believe in change. The interview sessions were held with the pregnant women in the experimental group on an individual basis in the school of pregnant women of the city hospital. Each motivational interview session lasted 15‐30 minutes on average. During the interviews, the consultancy service on the birth‐related topics (what the traumatic childbirth perception is, childbirth fear and its effects, procedures performed in the delivery room, delivery process, initiatives to be taken to mitigate the traumatic childbirth experience during delivery, and so on) was offered to change the pregnant women's negative childbirth perceptions and enhance their childbirth self‐efficacy. The researchers applied no initiative to the control group, and the pregnant women in the control group solely had the routine checks performed at the city hospital. At the end of the study, the questions of pregnant women in the cotrol group about childbirth were answered. Before applying the initiative to the experimental group, the researcher (SB) had had training about motivational interview techniques. Statistical Analysis The statistical analysis of the data obtained from the research was conducted with SPSS (Statistical Package for Social Science) 20.0. In the research, the numerical data were expressed as the means and standard deviations while the nominal data were indicated in frequencies and percentages. The chi‐squared test was used in the inter‐group comparison of the nominal data. In the evaluation of numerical data, firstly, the Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test was utilized to identify whether the data had a normal distribution. As the research data were normally distributed, the independent samples t‐test was used in the comparison of two groups whilst the dependent samples t‐test was employed in the intra‐group comparison. Statistical significance was identified if the P‐value was lower than 0.05 (p<0.05).
 The Effect of coenzyme Q10 on serum concentrations of pentraxin 3 and metabolic parameters in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: One 100 milligram capsule each day for 4 weeks. Intervention 2: One capsule containing starch each day for 4 weeks. One 100 milligram capsule each day for 4 weeks One capsule containing starch each day for 4 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease. ; Other diseases of liver Other diseases of liver PRIMARY OUTCOME: AST/ALT. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Formula. Fasting Blood Sugar. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. HDL. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. HOMA‐IR. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Formula. Insulin. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. LDL. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald Formula. Liver Enzymes(ALT,AST). Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. Pentraxin 3. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: ELIZA. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Triglyceride. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Scales and meters. Food intake. Timepoint: At baseine and after 4 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: dietary record questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who agree to participate in the study; Women aged 20‐50 years (premenopausal) and in men 20‐65 years; Patients newly diagnosed. Exclusion criteria: Alcohol intake; Any cause of chronic liver disease other than NAFLD, such as testing positive for hepatitis B, hepatitis C and autoimmune hepatitis – Immune; Suffering from gastrointestinal disease, diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis; Presence of inherited Hemochromatosis (transferrin saturation greater than 45%) and Wilson's disease; Cholestatic liver disease, advanced liver disease, heart failure, thyroid (abnormal TSH) and renal disease; History of cancer and treatment; Receiving supplements of vitamins (A,C,E), antioxidants, fiber and omega‐3 within 3 weeks before baseline and during the study; Drugs such as corticosteroids, amiodarone, tamoxifen, cyclins, perhexiline, methotrexate, aspirin and hydralazine; Presence of pregnancy or lactation or menopause; Taking contraceptive drugs; Liver
 The effect of black cumin on non alcholic fatty liver;  INTERVENTION: Control group: paraffin oil, 1000 mg capsule, once a day for 8 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: Black Seed Oil, 1000 mg capsule, once a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: paraffin oil, 1000 mg capsule, once a day for 8 weeks. Intervention group: Black Seed Oil, 1000 mg capsule, once a day for 8 weeks. Placebo Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non alcholic fatty liver. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: C reactive protein. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Fast blood sugar. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic chlorometric method. Insulin. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Interleukin 6. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Lipid profiles(triglycrid,HDL,LDL and total chollestrol). Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Labratory kits. Liver enzymes(aspartate aminotransfrase,alanin aminotransferase,gama glutamil transferase). Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Labratory kits. Tumor necrosis factor. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: The ratio of weight in kilograms by the square of height in meters. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Waist to hip ratio. Timepoint: before and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Inelastic tape without putting pressure on the body. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients aged 20 to 60 years diagnosed with nonalcoholic fatty liver by ultrasound, confirmed by a radiologist and a gastroenterologist. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy and lactation; liver transplantation; smoking; alcohol and drug abuse; consuming drugs such as corticosteroids, amiodarone, tamoxifen, methotrexate; receiving total parenteral nutrition; rapid weight loss; diabetes; heart failure; thyroid problems; kidney disease; hereditary hemochromatosis and Wilson disease; have a positive test for hepatitis C, B and autoimmune hepatitis; alpha‐1 antitrypsin deficiency.
 The therapeutic effects of pregabalin and duloxetine in the treatment of nerve pain caused by certain chemotherapy drugs;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: Pregabalin 75 mg/day orally for the first week and 75 mg BD (max: 75 mg TDS) for the next for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: Intervention group 2: Duloxetine 30 mg/day orally for the first week and 30 mg BD for the next for 6 weeks. Intervention group 1: Pregabalin 75 mg/day orally for the first week and 75 mg BD (max: 75 mg TDS) for the next for 6 weeks Intervention group 2: Duloxetine 30 mg/day orally for the first week and 30 mg BD for the next for 6 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy. ; Polyneuropathy due to other toxic agents Polyneuropathy due to other toxic agents PRIMARY OUTCOME: Neuropathic pain. Timepoint: Before intervention, three weeks after intervention and six weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale. Sensory neuropathy. Timepoint: Before intervention, three weeks after intervention and six weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: According to the NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events grading scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Quality of life. Timepoint: Before intervention, three weeks after intervention and six weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: EORTC QLQ‐C30 (Version 3) questionnaire. Side effects. Timepoint: Three weeks after intervention and six weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age of more than 18 y; NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events scale (NCI grade> 1); Minimum rating of NRS scale: 4 (0‐10) Exclusion criteria: Having other clinical conditions that cause neuropathies, such as diabetes or trauma; Alcohol abuse; History of central nervous system diseases; History of heart, hepatic and renal failure (creatinine clearance below 60ml/min); History of glaucoma; History of depression, anxiety, bipolar, psychotic disorders and suicidal ideation; Receiving other neurotoxic chemotherapy drugs; Having concomitant use of MAOI, BZD and gabapentin; Females during pregnancy or lactation; Patients who have received pregabalin or duloxetine in recent 15 days; Having concomitant use of analgesics or effective on nerve activity drugs such as vitamin B12, lamotrigine, valproate and TCA (except pregabalin or duloxetine) will be excluded if they spent a total of 7 days washout, the patients also can be studied;
 Treatment profile of hepatitis C patients - a comparison of interferon alpha 2a and 2b treatment regimes;  OBJECTIVE: To compare the side effects, cost, end treatment response (ETR) and Sustained viral response (SVR) with combination therapy of either interferon alpha 2a or 2b in combination with Ribavarin. STUDY DESIGN: Randomized Control Clinical Trial (RCCT). PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: The study was conducted at Sarwar Zuberi Liver Centre (SZLC), Civil Hospital Karachi (CHK), from May 2004 to July 2009. METHODOLOGY: Patients positive for qualitative HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) by Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and genotype 3 were included. Patients with decompensated cirrhosis, severe depressive illness, autoimmune hepatitis, hyperthyroidism, pregnancy, heart failure, uncontrolled diabetes, obstructive pulmonary disease, children less than three years and patients who had previously received treatment were excluded. Single blind randomization using computerized randomization list was done and patients divided into groups A and B, those requiring treatment were given injection Interferon 3 million units (MU) subcutaneously (SC) three times/week and Ribavarin 1000 mg per day (weight ≤ 75kg) and 1200 mg/day (weight > 75kg) orally with either interferon alpha 2a (group A; FDA approved products) or alpha 2b (group B; non FDA approved product). Demographics, side effects, ETR and SVR were noted. ETR was defined as absence of virus at the end of treatment and SVR was taken as absence of HCV RNA at 6 months after completion of treatment. RESULTS: There were a total 310 patients with mean age of 34.07 +/‐ 9.38 years including 52.4% males, (n=162). Majority of the patients were from North Pakistan. There were 155 patients each in group A and group B respectively. The cost of treatment for interferon alpha for a single patient for 6 months was Rs 60,000, while for Interferon alpha 2b was Rs 30,000. Side effects (fever initially, followed by fatigue, headache, musculoskeletal pain, depression, alopecia, insomnia, and anorexia) were more prominent in group B when compared with group A. In group A, ETR was 83.8% (130/155) while in group B was 83.2% (129/155). While SVR available in group A was 61/70 (87.1%) and in group B was 60/72 (83.3%). CONCLUSION: Response to combination therapy for HCV was 83%. ETR and SVR were similar for both interferon alpha 2a and 2b. Side effects though minor are more with alpha 2b (non FDA approved products).
 The effect of Quercus persica L and Lawsonia inermis L ointment on episiotomy wound healing in primiparous women in 2014-2015;  INTERVENTION: 2% Quercus persica Cream, 1 cm, Twice per day, 10 days 5% Lawsonia inermis Cream, 1 cm, Twice per day, 10 days Intervention 1: 5% Lawsonia inermis Cream, 1 cm, Twice per day, 10 days. Intervention 2: Placebo (Osirin) Cream, 1 cm, Twice per day, 10 days. Intervention 3: 2% Quercus persica Cream, 1 cm, Twice per day, 10 days. Intervention 4: Non Intervention Group. Non Intervention Group Placebo Placebo (Osirin) Cream, 1 cm, Twice per day, 10 days Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Infection of obstetric surgical wound. Condition 2: Haematoma of obstetric wound. Condition 3: Dehiscence of episiotomy wound. ; Infection of obstetric surgical wound ; Haematoma of obstetric wound ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Haematoma of obstetric wound Infection of obstetric surgical wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bruising. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Reeda Scale. Distance between edges of wound. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Reeda Scale. Edema. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Reeda Scale. Redness. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Reeda Scale. Secretion. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Reeda Scale. Wound Healing. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Reeda Scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pain Intensity. Timepoint: Days 7, 10 and 14. Method of measurement: Pain Perception Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Nullipar (Gravid 1); Pregnancy age 37‐42 weeks; Singleton fetus; Not Using special drugs as Glucocorticoids, Anticoagulant, Chemotherapy, Suppression of the immune or Radiotherapy; No disease history as impair the healing of chronic diseases such as systemic, heart, renal, Pulmonary, Coagulopathy, Immunocompromised, Connective tissue disorders, Diabetes, Anemia, Mental, Persistent constipation, Hemorrhoids, Hemophilia; Malnutrition; Sensitivity to herbal medicines; BMI between 19.8 to 26; Active skin disease such as allergic disorders; Scar or skin allergy; BV symptoms Exclusion Criteria: History reconstructive surgery on perineal; Failure to comply with the fetus in the mother's pelvis, pelvic examination; Interfere with the progress of labor (first stage more than 20 hours or second stage more than 2 hours or Cervical dilatation more than 5 cm per hour Fast Vaginal delivery); Manual removal of placenta; 3rd and 4th degree perineal tear; Pro
 PCSK 9 Inhibition as Secondary Prevention in Renal Transplant Patients;  Background: Low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol is a well‐established and modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Monoclonal antibodies that inhibit proprotein convertase subtilisin‐kexin type 9 (PCSK9) have emerged as a new class of drugs that effectively lower LDL cholesterol levels.1 Approximately 735,000 Americans have a myocardial infarction each year (2), and about 800,000 have a stroke. (3) Many patients remain at increased cardiovascular risk despite maximum tolerated statin therapy and could benefit from further LDL‐C reduction. Most patients are treated with HMG‐CoA reductase inhibitors, commonly known as statins. Millions of patients are eligible for cholesterol‐lowering medication, according to current guidelines.4 High‐intensity statin therapy reduces LDL‐C and cardiovascular events more than moderate intensity statin therapy. 5 However, the response to statins is variable, and in some patients it is not tolerable (between 7 percent and 29 percent of patients taking statins report having muscle symptoms) 6, which represent a principal reason for nonadherence. Moreover, high‐intensity statin therapy may have less benefit in low‐risk primary prevention patients with a modest increase in the incidence of diabetes in such cases 5, 7. Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors are currently indicated for some patients at high risk, including those with familial hypercholesterolemia or pre‐existing cardiovascular disease. PCSK9 inhibitors are a new class of medications that have been found to be very effective in reducing LDL‐C, either as monotherapy or when added to background statin therapy. Normally, PCSK9 binds to low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C) receptors, reducing the activity of the LDL‐C receptors. PCSK9 inhibitors prevent PCSK9 from binding to the LDL receptor, thereby increasing the activity of the receptors and enhancing removal of LDL‐C from circulation. 8 Current guidelines recommend that patients whose 10‐year risk of major cardiovascular events is 10 percent or greater take statins. 9 Two PCSK9 inhibitors are currently available and approved by FDA for use in the United States: evolocumab and alirocumab. These drugs are monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) administered by Proposed Clinical Trial Protocol on Use of PCSK9 Inhibitors for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease 3 subcutaneous injection bi‐weekly or monthly and are currently approved for patients with familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease who require additional lowering of LDL‐C. Two recent reports on the effects of evolocumab and alirocumab have raised expectations that these drugs will dramatically reduce cardiovascular events.10,11 the rate of major cardiovascular events was lower with alirocumab than with placebo (1.7 percent versus 3.3 percent; hazard ratio 0.52; 95 percent confidence interval 0.31 to 0.90; P=0.02). 11 Notably, the annual cost for a single patient in the United States for PCSK9 inhibitors is approximately $14,000.9 The prevalence of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) has increased in kidney transplant recipients. CVD remains a leading cause of mortality among recipients with functioning grafts. The pathophysiology of CVD recipients is a complex interplay between preexisting risk factors, metabolic sequelae of immunosuppressive agents, infection, and rejection.17 Aim of the study: A. Cardiovascular risk stratification of renal transplant recipients who are followed up in Hamed Al‐Essa organ transplant center of Kuwait. B. To compare the effectiveness of a PCSK9 inhibitor plus maximum tolerated statin therapy vs. maximum tolerated statin therapy alone in the reduction of major cardiovascular events among renal transplant recipients with cardiovascular disease. C. To compare the effectiveness of a PCSK9 inhibitor plus maximum tolerated statin therapy vs. maximum tolerated statin therapy alone in terms of LDL‐C‐lowering, muscle symptoms, and quality of life. D. To compare patient adherence to the different treatments protocols. Patient and methods: Patients eligible for participation in this study are renal transplant recipients aged between 30 and 80 years and have clinically evident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, defined as a history of myocardial infarction, non‐hemorrhagic stroke, or symptomatic peripheral artery disease, as well as additional characteristics that placed them at higher cardiovascular risk. This group of patients will be selected after screening of all renal transplant recipients who are followed up in Hamed Al‐Essa organ transplant center of Kuwait along 6 months duration. Cardio‐vascular risk score will be estimated using Framingham score. Patients with score higher than 20 will be randomized in this prospective controlled study to receive either the evolocumab (group 1, n=100 patients) or the conventional group (group 2, n=100 patients). The selection criteria: 1. Signed informed consent, 2. Male or female Kuwaiti older than 30 and younger than ≤ 80 years of age at signing of informed consent 3. History of clinically evident cardiovascular disease(diagnosis of myocardial infarction ; non‐hemorrhagic stroke or symptomatic peripheral arterial disease (PAD), as evidenced by intermittent claudication with ankle‐brachial index (ABI) < 0.85, or peripheral arterial revascularization procedure, or amputation due to atherosclerotic disease, 4. At least 1 major risk factor or at least 2 minor risk factors below: Major Risk Factors (1 Required): o diabetes (type 1 or type 2) o age ≥ 65 years at randomization (and ≤ 85 years at time of informed consent) o MI or non‐hemorrhagic stroke within 6 months of screening o additional diagnosis of myocardial infarction or non‐hemorrhagic stroke excluding qualifying MI or non‐hemorrhagic stroke o current daily cigarette smoking o history of symptomatic PAD (as mentioned before) if eligible by MI or stroke history; Minor Risk Factors (2 Required): o history of non‐MI related coronary revascularization o residual coronary artery disease with ≥ 40% stenosis in ≥ 2 large vessels o Most recent HDL‐C <1.0 mmol/L for men and <1.3 mmol/L for women by central laboratory before randomization o Most recent CRP > 2.0 mg/L by central laboratory before randomization o Most recent LDL‐C ≥ 3.4 mmol/L or non‐HDL‐C ≥ 4.1 mmol/L by central laboratory before randomization o metabolic syndrome. Exclusion Criteria: 1. Recent MI or stroke 2. NYHA class III or IV, or last known left ventricular ejection fraction < 30% 3. Known hemorrhagic stroke at any time 4. Uncontrolled or recurrent ventricular tachycardia 5. Planned or expected cardiac surgery or revascularization within 3 months after randomization 6. Uncontrolled hypertension (sitting systolic blood pressure (SBP) > 180 mmHg or diastolic BP (DBP) > 110 mmHg), 7. Prior use of PCSK9 inhibition treatment other than evolocumab or use of evolocumab < 12 weeks prior to final lipid screening 8. Untreated or inadequately treated hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism (thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) < lower limit of normal or > 1.5 times the upper limit of normal and free thyroxine (T4) levels that are outside normal range at final screening. ,9. Severe renal graft dysfunction(estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 20 mL/min/1.73m2 at final screening, 10. Active liver disease or hepatic dysfunction, defined as aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) > 3 times the ULN as determined by central laboratory analysis at final screening. 11. Personal or family history of hereditary muscular disorders. 12. Malignancy or HIV patients, 13. Known major active infection or major hematologic, metabolic, gastrointestinal or endocrine dysfunction in the judgment of the investigator, 13. Female subject who has either (1) not used acceptable method(s) of birth control for at least 1 month prior to screening or (2) is not willing to use such a method during treatment with IP and for an additional 15 weeks after the end of treatment with IP, unless the subject is sterilized or postmenopausal; 23. Known sensitivity to any of the active substances or their excipients to be administered during dosing. Methods: The baseline characteristics of the patients in the two groups will be collected with special stress on demographic data, history of myocardial infarction, history of previous non‐hemorrhagic stroke, and symptomatic peripheral artery disease. At baseline, all patients will be on statin therapy (defined in accordance with American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association joint guidelines12) and or ezetimibe. All antihypertensive medications, antiplatelet and diuretic therapy will be recorded. The duration of follow‐up will be 12 months. Randomization: Eligible patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive subcutaneous injections of evolocumab (either 140 mg every 2 weeks) or matching placebo. Randomization will be performed in a double‐blinded manner with the use of a central computerized system, with stratification according to the final screening LDL cholesterol level (<2.2 or ≥2.2 mmol per liter) and region. Follow up: All patients will be followed up in Hamed Al‐Essa organ transplant center clinics at least every 2 months or according the local follow up protocol. Patients who have a fasting LDL cholesterol level of 1.8 mmol per liter or higher or a non‐high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level of 2.6 mmol per liter or higher while they were taking an optimized regimen of lipid‐lowering therapy, which was defined as preferably a high intensity statin but must have been at least atorvastatin at a dose of 20 mg daily with or without ezetimibe. Our immunosuppression protocol consists of 5 doses of antithymocyte globulin (Sanofi US, Bridgewater, NJ, USA) for high risk patients (as re‐transplants, prior pregnancy, blood transfusion, HLA‐antibody positive and or more than 4 HLA mismatches)or 2 doses of IL‐2 receptor blocker (basiliximab; Novartis, Inc., Switzerland) for low risk patients. Maintenance therapy consists of prednisolone, MMF and a calcineurin inhibitor (CNI). The dose of CNI will be gradually decreasing till the lowest dose by the end of the 1st year guided by 12‐hour trough level. We keep the cyclosporine A level between 200 to 250 ng/ml during 1st month then between 150‐200 ng/ml for a couple of months then between 125‐150 ng/ml for 2 months and from 75‐125 ng/ml till the end of the 1st year. Similarly, we keep tacrolimus trough levels between 8 to 10 ng/ml during 1st 3 months then from 5‐8 ng/ml thereafter. Maintenance immunosuppression with sirolimus based regimen will be used to rejection free patients with low immunological risk after 3 months of transplantation. Acute cellular rejection (ACR) will be treated with intravenous methylprednisolone sodium succinate (solumedrol 1 gram daily for 3 days) and or thymoglobulin (1 mg /kg for 7 ‐10 days) for steroid resistant rejection. Antibody mediated rejection (AAMR) will be treated with plasma exchange, IVIG (2gm/kg) and rituximab. Patients, who will receive thymoglobulin as antirejection, will be managed by secondary prophylaxis for 1 month. Patients will be monitored daily during hospital stay then at each outpatient visit with complete blood picture, serum creatinine, creatinine clearance, liver function tests (bilirubin, liver enzymes and albumin) and drug levels. Lipid Data: The LDL cholesterol level will be checked in the central laboratory for all patients in both groups at baseline (according to routine laboratory analysis) and every third month using desktop Mission CE0123 cholesterol monitoring machine, till the end of the study. End Points: The primary efficacy end point will be any major cardiovascular events, defined as the cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, hospitalization for unstable angina, or coronary revascularization. The key secondary efficacy end point will be cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke. Safety was assessed through collection of data on adverse events and central laboratory testing in Ibn Sina laboratory, Sabah area of Kuwait. Statistics and sample size calculation: Statistical analysis of data will be evaluated on computer using SPSS (Statistical Package for Social Science for Windows) 11.0 package software (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). In order to analyze the identifying and disease related characteristics of patients, matched t‐test will be used to compare means and standard deviations of numerical variables of the two groups and to test whether there will be a difference between pre‐education and post‐education score averages. Categorical data will be compared using the chi square test. Values for P less than .05 were considered significant. Confidentiality and consent : To maintain confidentiality, all research data, blood and/urine specimens, Consent Forms, Data Collection Forms, reports, and other records that leave the site will be identified only by a Code Number‐participant identification number (Participant ID). All records will be kept in a locked file cabinet. All computer entry and networking programs will be done using PIDs only. Participants' identifiable private information will not be released to a third party without written permission of the participants. Detailed information will be delivered to each patient about the study including the aim and benefits. Before starting the enrolment of each patient, the investigator will get signed informed consent which will be kept in patient file. Moreover, a copy of this consent will be given to the patient. ‐ We will exclude participants with diminished capacity, such as minors and mentally retarded, who cannot consent for themselves from this study. ‐ The original copy of the consent will be kept in the investigators' records, a copy will be given to each participant, and this will be documented in the participant's record. ‐ The primary investigator and co‐primary investigators will be responsible for implementing the consenting process and obtaining the Informed Consent of Participants.
 Effect of physical activity on postpartum health;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Each session included 5 to 10 minutes of general warm‐up program including stretching exercises and then 15‐20 minutes of yoga exercises to strengthen and stretch muscles and body systems, especially the lower limbs and pelvis; as well as several jumping movements. And the explosion was performed optimally for a 2‐5 minute increase in heart rate for running (HIIT) training and in the final stage a cooling program was performed for 5‐10 minutes with yoga relaxation training.The HIIT exercise was performed so that the subjects ran at a maximum speed of 20 m from the starting point (cone number 1) to cone number two (path A), then turned in the opposite direction, They ran 20 m to cone No. 3 (track B). Finally, return again and run to the starting point (cone number 1) at maximum speed (route C) to complete the 40m distance. Subjects continued this process at maximum speed until the 30‐second exercise period was completed. After 30 seconds of rest, the exercise was repeated. Exercise progression was increased by increasing the number of 30‐second repetitions from 4 times in the first and second weeks, to 5 times in the third and fourth weeks, and 6 times in the fifth and sixth weeks, and 7 times in the seventh and eighth weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: During the 8 weeks of training protocol, the subjects in the control group did not have any regular exercise. CONDITION: Condition 1: Effect of physical activities on Estradiol serum and sexual function. Condition 2: Assessment of sexual function in postpartum. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Before and after two months of intervention, Sexual Function and Sexual Schema Questionnaire(FSFI) was used. This questionnaire measures women's sexual function in six areas including desire, mental stimulation, humidity, orgasm, satisfaction, sexual pain. The questionnaire was developed by Rosen et al. (2000). The FSFI Women's Sexual Function Index in Iran was standardized by Mohammadi and its consistency was obtained by using Cronbach's alpha coefficient (r = 0.85) as well as cutoff point for whole scale and subscales. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention was measured by a questionnaire. Method of measurement: Sexual Function and Sexual Schema Questionnaire. The main variable of the study was determination of serum estradiol level. Blood samples from the third to fifth days of menstruation were collected after two months of exercise for the experimental group and the control group by a lab expert through a vein of left hand (05 ml) in a sitting position and they were tested by ELISA method. Timepoint: After two months of exercise and between third to fifth days of menstruation. Method of measurement: Blood samples from the vein of left hand. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Being primiparous or second‐born Being in lactation (three to four months after childbirth) To have a healthy baby No complications of depression To have a spouse There were also no complications of preterm labor, high blood hypertension in pregnancy, history of liver, kidney, heart, diabetes, inflammatory disease, thrombotic or cerebrovascular diseases, mental illness, hyperlipidemia, atherometriosis, history of chemotherapy, or radiation therapy For the past six months, no hormone replacement therapy, no use of vitamin E, no psychotropic drugs and other effective herbal or chemical drugs No smoking and alcohol or drugs Normal pre‐pregnancy BMI
 Comparison between clonidine and Dexmedetomidine as premedication on hemodynamic changes and intraoperative bleeding;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo tablets with 100 mL of normal saline infusion took 15 minutes before induction of anesthesia Intervention 1: The first group intervention: clonidine 0.2 mg tablets 45 minutes before induction of anesthesia and saline infusion as a placebo to 100 ml 15 minutes before induction of anesthesia. Intervention 2: The second group intervention: placebo tablets and infusion Dexmedetomidine 0.5 micrograms per kg in 100 mL normal saline 15 minutes before induction of anesthesia to continue the infusion of 0.25 mg per kg per hour, pump the syringe 20 mL with a concentration of 5 mg/ cc. Intervention 3: Control group: placebo tablets with 100 mL of normal saline infusion took 15 minutes before induction of anesthesia. Placebo The first group intervention: clonidine 0.2 mg tablets 45 minutes before induction of anesthesia and saline infusion as a placebo to 100 ml 15 minutes before induction of anesthesia The second group intervention: placebo tablets and infusion Dexmedetomidine 0.5 micrograms per kg in 100 mL normal saline 15 minutes before induction of anesthesia to continue the infusion of 0.25 mg per kg per hour, pump the syringe 20 mL with a concentration of 5 mg/ cc Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Complications of procedures, not elsewhere classified Condition 1: Bleeding. Condition 2: Hemodynamic Changes. ; Complications of procedures, not elsewhere classified ; Tachycardia (unspecified), Bradycardia (unspecified), Palpitations R00.0, R00 Tachycardia (unspecified), Bradycardia (unspecified), Palpitations PRIMARY OUTCOME: Intraoperative bleeding. Timepoint: Ending surgery. Method of measurement: Including suction bottle and blood gauzes. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: One minute after intubation, 10, 20, 30 minutes after induction of anesthesia and after extubation. Method of measurement: Invasive blood pressure monitoring. Heart Rate. Timepoint: One minute after intubation, 10, 20, 30 minutes after induction of anesthesia and after extubation. Method of measurement: ECG Monitoring. Mean Arterial Pressure. Timepoint: One minute after intubation, 10, 20, 30 minutes after induction of anesthesia and after extubation. Method of measurement: Invasive blood pressure monitoring. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria were as follows: age range of 20 to 50 years, ASA class 1 or 2 and spine surgery candidates. Exclusion criteria included patients with hypertension, diabetes, clotting problems, ischemic heart disease, drug or alcohol abuse, pregnancy, taking beta blockers or calcium channels blockers drugs and operating time of over 120 minutes.
 Investigating the effect of Remifentanil and Labtalol on hemodynamic changes;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: Patients who met the necessary conditions, after full training by an anesthesiologist and filling in the patient's informed personal consent form, entered the study and were randomly assigned to experimental group A (remifentanil combined with propofol). Dose of drugs: Remifentanil: the onset of anesthesia starts with 1 to 5 mcg/kg/minute. If an endotracheal tube is inserted for the patient within 8 minutes, an initial dose of 1 mcg/kg in 30‐60 Seconds are also given to maintain anesthesia: 1 mcg/kg/min can be infused every 2‐5 minutes. The dose can be increased by 25‐100% or decreased by 25‐50% every 2‐5 minutes. Propofol: within 15 seconds and with a dose of 2 mg/kg based on the weight of the study group, it is injected through a tee along with 10 cc of normal saline. Intervention 2: Intervention group 2: Patients who met the necessary conditions, after full training by the anesthesiologist and filling out the patient's informed personal consent form, entered the study and were randomly assigned to experimental group B (labtalol in combination with propofol). Dosage of drugs: labtalol: 20 mg intravenous injection once and then, if there is no effect, as an infusion of 2‐0.5 mg per minute up to a maximum dose of 300 mg and propofol: within 15 seconds and with a dose of 2 mg/kg based on The weight of the study group is injected with 10 cc of normal saline through a tee. CONDITION: Condition 1: Hemodynamic changes. Condition 2: Bleeding rate. Condition 3: arrhythmia. ; Cardiac arrhythmia, unspecified I49.9 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Bleeding. Timepoint: First, three minutes after the start of induction, then three and five minutes and then ten minutes. Method of measurement: ECG, pulse oximeter, non‐invasive blood pressure measurement. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willingness to participate in research with informed consent after giving necessary and sufficient explanations about the study The age of the person should be between 15 and 60 years There is no history of surgery and it is the patient's first surgery Not having a chronic mental or physical illness (schizophrenia, diabetes, etc.) Not having vision and hearing problems and other disabilities No allergy to Remifentanil, Profol and Labtalol Absence of pregnancy, breastfeeding and abortion less than 3 months
 The effect of combination therapy with oral fluconazole and topical cryotherapy on cutaneous leishmaniasis;  INTERVENTION: Control: placebo1 cap 50 mg for each 8kg body weight daily (maximum 400mg) for 6 weeks + Cryotherapy weekly till complete recovery Intervention 1: Intervention: Fluconazole 1 cap 50 mg for each 8kg body weight daily (maximum 400mg) for 6 weeks + Cryotherapy weekly till complete recovery. Intervention 2: Control: placebo1 cap 50 mg for each 8kg body weight daily (maximum 400mg) for 6 weeks + Cryotherapy weekly till complete recovery. Intervention: Fluconazole 1 cap 50 mg for each 8kg body weight daily (maximum 400mg) for 6 weeks + Cryotherapy weekly till complete recovery Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Cutaneous leishmaniasis Cutaneous Leishmaniasis. ; Cutaneous leishmaniasis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Recovery rate. Timepoint: 6 weeks (at the end of drug therapy) and 10 weeks after the start of trial. Method of measurement: Degree of induration, Smear positivity, Ulcer area. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse events. Timepoint: Weekly till 6th week and 4 weeks later. Method of measurement: Asking the participant and examination. Area of ulceration. Timepoint: Weekly till 6th week and 4 weeks later. Method of measurement: observation measuring in centimetr square. Induration Severity. Timepoint: Weekly till 6th week and 4 weeks later. Method of measurement: palpation and measuring diameter and height of induration. Leishmania Smear. Timepoint: at the begining and the end of 6th week of treatment. Method of measurement: Laboratory report. Lesion diameter. Timepoint: Weekly till 6th week and 4 weeks later. Method of measurement: observation measured in centimeter by ruler. Number of skin lesions. Timepoint: at the start of the trial. Method of measurement: observation. Time elapsed to present since the begining of the lesion. Timepoint: at the start of the trial. Method of measurement: Asking the participant. Type of cutaneous Leishmania. Timepoint: at the begining of the trial. Method of measurement: observation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: New case of smear positive cutaneous leishmaniasis; Negative past history of leishmaniais; Weight above 10 kilogram; No treatment for leishmaniasis during the previous 3 months; Disease duration of less than 3 months. Exclusion criteria: Pregnancy and lactation; Skin lesions located on face and ear; More than 10 skin lesions; Present or past history of renal or cardiac diseases; Lupoid or sporotrichoid leishmaniasis; Clients with Immunedeficiency, HIV or Diabetes
 Evaluation the effect of transcranial stimulation in overactive bladder syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: In this group, patients will receive pelvic floor muscle training in addition to direct current trans‐cranial stimulation. In the intervention group, all patients will be treated for 12 sessions and each session will last 30 minutes. 20 minutes will be dedicated to brain electrical stimulation and 10 minutes to pelvic floor muscle training. Brain electrical stimulation will be applied to the medial prefrontal corte Xarea for 4 weeks and 3 sessions every week. Pelvic floor muscle training will be taught for 4 weeks and one session per week. Intervention 2: Control group: In this group, patients will receive pelvic floor muscle training plus transcutaneous stimulation of the tibial nerve. The duration of each session will be 30 minutes, of which 20 minutes will be devoted to stimulating the tibial nerve and 10 minutes to training the pelvic floor muscles. Tibial nerve stimulation will be applied for 4 weeks and 3 sessions every week. Pelvic floor muscle training will be taught for 4 weeks and one session every week. CONDITION: Overactive bladder syndrome. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Symptoms of frequency, urgency and urinary incontinence. These symptoms all indicate overactive bladder syndrome. Urinary frequency means the number of times a person goes to the toilet to urinate during the day. Urgency means urgency to urinate, and urinary incontinence is the involuntary leakage of urine that usually occurs before a person reaches the bathroom. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study, after 4 weeks in the last session and after a month. Method of measurement: International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Quality of Life Module. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Pelvic floor muscle strength. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study, after 4 weeks in the last session. Method of measurement: Perineometer instrument. Symptoms of frequency and urinary incontinence. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study, after 4 weeks in the last session and after a month. Method of measurement: International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Overactive Bladder Module. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women with overactive bladder syndrome between the ages of 18 and 65 Absence of neurological and mental diseases No history of pelvic surgeries Absence of diabetes Absence of cardiac pacemaker Absence of pregnancy Lack of pelvic floor physiotherapy in the last 3 months Absence of lower urinary tract infection Absence of brain tumor No brain surgery No history of epilepsy and convulsions in the last 2 months Absence of metal implants in the skull Not taking drugs that increase the excitability of the brain, such as Ritalin and..
 Effect of orthosis on low back pain;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Patients in the experimental group will be prescribed a non‐extensible lumbosacral orthosis over the whole duration of the trial, and during the whole day, with the exception of bedroom and bathroom activities. Moreover they will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Intervention 2: Patients in the control group will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Patients in the control group will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Patients in the experimental group will be prescribed a non‐extensible lumbosacral orthosis over the whole duration of the trial, and during the whole day, with the exception of bedroom and bathroom activities. Moreover they will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Loin pain Low back strain Lumbago NOS Low back pain. ; Loin pain Low back strain Lumbago NOS PRIMARY OUTCOME: Cross‐sectional area of multifidus. Timepoint: Before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Ultrasound measurements. Thickness of Transversus abdominis and External oblique muscle. Timepoint: before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Ultrasound measurements, milimeter. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disability. Timepoint: Before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Oswestry Disability Index. Pain intensity. Timepoint: Before and after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Visual analogue scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: The subjects are included in LBP group if they meet the following criteria: age between 20 and 55 years, experience of back pain for at least for 12 months serious enough to require medical attention or absence from work, at least 1 episode of LBP in the last 6 month or pain with semicontinuous nature, no history of red flags, no history of core‐strengthening exercise or physiotherapy and wearing orthosis during the past 6 month, no history of muscle relaxant medication, 3= VAS =7, ODI > 6. Individuals with a history of vestibular disorder, muscular dystrophy, neurological or sensory disorders, cardiac and respiratory disease, previous spinal surgery, serious neck problems, spinal structural deformity (kyphosis or scoliosis) , uncorrected vision impairment, vestibular disorder, pregnancy, diabetes, unequal length > 1 cm, osteoarthritis of hip and knee, BMI > 30, will be excluded. Also the subjects will be excluded if they have a hobby or job that requires
 Comparison of the efficacy of citalopram and compound of Asperugo procumbens and foeniculum vulgare in treatment of menopausal disorders;  INTERVENTION: Citalopram Tablet 40 mg oral (start with 20mg and increase to 40mg after one week), daily for 8 weeks Compound of Asperugo Procumbens and Foeniculum Vulgare, Tablet 600mg, oral, daily for 8 weeks Intervention 1: Citalopram Tablet 40 mg oral (start with 20mg and increase to 40mg after one week), daily for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Compound of Asperugo Procumbens and Foeniculum Vulgare, Tablet 600mg, oral, daily for 8 weeks. Intervention 3: Placebo, Tablet, oral, daily for 8 weeks. Placebo, Tablet, oral, daily for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Menopausal and female climacteric states. ; Symptoms such as flushing, sleeplessness, headache, lack of concentration, associated with menopause Symptoms such as flushing, sleeplessness, headache, lack of concentration, associated with menopause PRIMARY OUTCOME: Postmenopausal sleep disorders. Timepoint: Before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Pitssburgh questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Breast pain. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Constipation. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Depression. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Standard Beck questionnaire. Drowsiness. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Flushing. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Headache. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Nausea. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Sexual disorders. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Skin changes. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Vaginal atrophy. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Physical Examination. Vaginal dryness. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Vaginal itching. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. Vomitting. Timepoint: before intervention, one month after intervention, two months after intervention. Method of measurement: History. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Major exclusion criteria include drug consumption (eg. antidepressants, benzodiazepines); having psychological disorders such as depression; history of any medical disease such as thyroid disorders; cardiac disease; dyslipidemia; hypertension; diabetes; estrogen‐dependent malignancies. Major inclusion criteria include cessation of monthly periods; confirming lab tests for menopause; having complaint of sleep disorders; negative pregnancy test; and normal lab tests including lipoprotein profile, blood sugar, thyroid and CBC in the last year.
 Treatment for women with triple negative breast cancer;  INTERVENTION: Arm A:Docetaxel 70 mg/m2 and Carboplatin 7 AUS every three weeks with granulocyte colony‐stimulating factor for 6 course Arm B: Doxorubicin Hydrochloride 60 mg/m2 and Cyclophosphamide 600mg/m2 every three weeks with G‐CSF for 4 course followed by Docetaxel 70 mg/m2 and Carboplatin 7 AUS every three weeks with G‐CSF for 4 course Intervention 1: Arm A:Docetaxel 70 mg/m2 and Carboplatin 7 AUS every three weeks with granulocyte colony‐stimulating factor for 6 course. Intervention 2: Arm B: Doxorubicin Hydrochloride 60 mg/m2 and Cyclophosphamide 600mg/m2 every three weeks with G‐CSF for 4 course followed by Docetaxel 70 mg/m2 and Carboplatin 7 AUS every three weeks with G‐CSF for 4 course. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Breast, unspecified Triple negative breast cancer. ; Breast, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall Survival. Timepoint: 2‐ and 5‐year. Method of measurement: Observation. Progression‐free Survival. Timepoint: 2‐ and 5‐year. Method of measurement: Observation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Grade 3‐4 thrombocytopenia. Timepoint: every 21 days. Method of measurement: Experimental. Grade 3‐4 vomiting. Timepoint: every 21 days. Method of measurement: Experimental. Neutropenia. Timepoint: every 21 days. Method of measurement: Experimental. Peripheral neuropathy. Timepoint: every 21 days. Method of measurement: Experimental. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: The tumor must have been determined to be human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)‐negative;The tumor must have been determined to be hormonal receptor‐negative (ER‐and PR‐negative) Exclusion criteria:T4 tumors including inflammatory breast cancer; Definitive clinical or radiologic evidence of metastatic disease; required imaging studies must have been performed within 90 days prior to randomization; Any previous history of ipsilateral invasive breast cancer or ipsilateral DCIS;History of non‐breast malignancies (except for in situ cancers treated only by local excision and basal cell and squamous cell carcinomas of the skin) within 5 years prior to randomization;Active or History of cardiac disease;Patients known to be human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive; Active hepatitis B or hepatitis C with abnormal liver function tests;History of hospitalization in past 12 months for diabetes;Pregnancy or lactation at the time of
 Effect of intravenous aminophylline on post- spinal anesthesia headache in women under cesarean section;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Headache before giving aminophylline in the aminofilin dose group. In this study, 3 cc per kg body weight of the drug are given at the diagnosis of the headache, and after an hour the patient is examined by the doctor and the healing It is recorded. Intervention 2: Control group: For patients in the control group, only 500 cc normal saline 0.9% intravenous infusion is infused over 2 hours. CONDITION: Headache. ; Other headache syndromes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Headache. Timepoint: 24h. Method of measurement: observation. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Satisfaction to participate in the study Subjected to cesarean section with spinal anesthesia No history of sensitivity to aminophylline or other xanthine derivatives with accurate history from them. Age 45‐18 years Lack of history of migraine headaches, coagulation disorders, gestational toxicity, diabetes, seizure, smoking and narcotics, and cardiovascular diseases
 Effect of oral supplement of carnitine on hypoglycemia, sepsis and apnea of very low birth weight neonates;  INTERVENTION: carnitine supplemention (20mg/kg/day) up to 11th day of birth carnitine supplemention (20mg/kg/day) up to 11th day of birth. CONDITION: Carnitine supplementation in very low birth weight neonates. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Apnea. Timepoint: Daily. Method of measurement: Number of apnea episodes (by pulsoximetry). Hypoglycemia (serum glucose less than 40 mg/dl). Timepoint: daily. Method of measurement: glucometer. Septicemia. Timepoint: Daily. Method of measurement: Positive blood culture. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Duration of admission in hospital. Timepoint: dailly. Method of measurement: Number of hospitalization days. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion/Exclusion: Neonates with appropriate for gestational age, birth weight < 1500g, in 3 days of life, without cardiovascular disease, congenital anomaly and respiratory or metabolic diseases. Exclusion: History of diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia or long fever in mother. Mechanical ventilation, severe hypotension, shock, metabolic disease during the intervention for neonates.
 The effect of Melissa officinalis on Female sexual desire;  INTERVENTION: Control group, capsule contained 500 mg starch , 2 times a day, every time 2 capsules after breakfast, dinner used for 4 weeks. Intervention 1: Intervention group, capsule contained 500 mg lemon balm extract, 2 times a day, every time 2 capsules after breakfast, dinner used for 4 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group, capsule contained 500 mg starch , 2 times a day, every time 2 capsules after breakfast, dinner used for 4 weeks. Intervention group, capsule contained 500 mg lemon balm extract, 2 times a day, every time 2 capsules after breakfast, dinner used for 4 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: female sexual dysfunction. ; Sexual dysfunction, not caused by organic disorder or disease Sexual dysfunction, not caused by organic disorder or disease PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sexual desire. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Questionnaire Female Sexual Function Index. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Increased frequency of sexual intercourse. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Question of patients. Moisture of genitalia. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Questionnaire Female Sexual Function Index. Obvious distress caused by sexual dysfunction. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Question of patients. Painful intercourse. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Questionnaire Female Sexual Function Index. Sexual arousal. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Questionnaire Female Sexual Function Index. Sexual Satisfaction. Timepoint: Baseline, 4 and 8 weeks after starting the medication. Method of measurement: Questionnaire Female Sexual Function Index. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria : Women ages 18‐50 years; Diagnosis low sexual desire by using the FSFI ( Female Sexual Function Index ); Emotionally satisfying relationship with constant wife sexually active at least one year; Having sex at least once a month; Lack of pregnancy and lactation; No menstruation retard for 2 months and more ; Normal genital examination. Exclusion criteria : Impaired emotionally satisfying relationship with wife ; Adding another partner in the study period; Any organic disease, anatomical and hormonal that exist in history and past medical history, including : diabetes , cerebrovascular disease , liver and kidney damage , heart disease , hypothyroidism, cancer; Psychiatric disorders who are under medical treatment; Smoking , alcohol , drug abuse; Use of any chemical and herbal medications that affect sexual desire.
 The effect of resveratrol on children and adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD);  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: The intervention group receiving resveratrol supplements will receive two 75 mg supplements daily for 12 weeks due to the better effectiveness of this supplement at lower doses and the lack of side effects reported at low doses. These supplements are provided by Karen Pharmaceuticals and Vital‐Food Supplements Company. Intervention 2: Control group: Control group will receive two maltodextrin supplements daily for 12 weeks. These supplements are provided by Karen Pharmaceuticals and Vital‐Food Supplements Company. CONDITION: Inflammatory bowel disease. ; Inflammatory polyps of colon with intestinal obstruction K51.412 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) levels. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Serum tumor necrosis factor (TNF) levels. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Disease activity index. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Software for calculating pediatric Crohn's disease activity index (PCDAI) and pediatric ulcerative colitis activity index (PUCAI). Serum C‐reactive protein (CRP) levels. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Serum total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Calculation. Serum Albumin. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: Laboratory kit. Weight. Timepoint: Beginning and end of the study. Method of measurement: scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willingness to cooperate and sign the informed consent form after full knowledge of the objectives and methods of the study. Girls and boys aged 8 to 18 years. Diagnosis of IBD based on endoscopic, laboratory studies, and clinical examinations. Absences other diseases and chronic and acute liver disorders (hepatitis B, C, etc.), biliary disease, other gastrointestinal diseases, chronic diseases (including type one or two diabetes, cardiovascular, pulmonary and celiac disease), autoimmune diseases Known and inherited and metabolic disorders. No history of alcohol consumption or alcohol consumption more than 10 grams per day in women and more than 20 grams per day in men. No pregnancy or breastfeeding in women. No substance abuse, no chronic inflammatory disease, no history of cancer, no hormone therapy, no recent weight loss diet. No history of gastrointestinal surgery. Do not take medications or supplements that affect appetite, weight, or me
 Effect of the Root Extract of Cichorium Intybus Formula on Fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: A capsule containing 500 mg of Cichorium intybus root extract is given to the patients group in the morning before breakfast. Intervention 1: Intervention 1: A capsule containing 500 mg of Cichorium intybus root extract is given to the patients group in the morning before breakfast. Intervention 2: Intervention 2: Two capsules containing corn starch are given to the control group. Intervention 2: Two capsules containing corn starch are given to the control group. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Diseases of liver Fatty liver disease. ; Diseases of liver k70‐k77 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Alanine Aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Aaspartat Aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Albumin. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Scale and Meter. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Glucose tolerance test. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. High‐density lipoprotein. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Low‐density lipoprotein. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Platelets. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Total Cholesterol. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. Triglycerides. Timepoint: Before intervention and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion / Exclusion : INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient age of 18 to 70 years; fatty liver disease grade 1, 2 or 3 diagnosed by ultrasound; No current use of another drug for fatty liver treatment which has not been taken before. Exclusion Criteria :Advanced cardiovascular diseases, pulmonary or renal diseases; Pregnancy; Breast feeding; Allergy to Cichorium intybus; Non‐compliance with medication; Psychiatric diseases complicating the results evaluation or causing patient’s lack of cooperation; Advanced cirrhosis; Hepatitis and other liver diseases except non‐alcoholic fatty liver; alcohol consumption by patients; Fatty acid oxidation disorder ( congenital ); Patients with diabetes who are treated with insulin.
 The effect of replacing lunch grains with quinoa in the diet in patients with NAFLD;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: consumption of quinoa seeds for lunch instead of other grains and weight loss diet for 3 months. The amount of quinoa consumed for each person will be calculated based on the amount of energy needed by the person. A 24‐hour feed record will be received for 3 days at the beginning and end of the study, including one holiday and two non‐holiday days. Domestically grown white quinoa will be used. Intervention 2: Control group: weight loss diet for 3 months and receive weight loss diet. CONDITION: K76.0 Non‐alcoholic fatty liver. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Level of steatosis and liver fibrosis. Timepoint: At the beginning and 3 months after the start of the study. Method of measurement: Fibroscan. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric indices. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: Tape measure, scale and mathematical formula. Blood pressure. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. High‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: blood sample. Insulin concentration. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: blood sample. Insulin resistance index. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: math formula. Insulin sensitivity index. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: math formula. Lipid profil. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: blood sample. Liver enzymes alanine transaminase, aspartate aminotransferase,gamma‐glutamyl tansferase. Timepoint: At the beginning of the study and at the end of the study (after 3 months). Method of measurement: blood sample. INCLUSION CRITERIA: People with non‐alcoholic steatohepatitis and Controlled Attenuation Parameter score more than 263 No history of alcohol abuse Absence of other diseases and chronic and acute liver disorders Absence of pregnancy, breastfeeding and menopause in women Not taking hepatotoxic drugs such as phenytoin, amoxifen and lithium Not having lost more than 8 percent weight in the last 6 months Blood pressure less than 140/90 mmHg No kidney disease Not using weight loss drugs No history of allergy to quinoa No history of cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and gastrointestinal disorders affecting absorption Absence of pituitary, thyroid disorders Willingness to participate in the study Not having clinically diagnosed psychiatric disorders that impair the patient's ability to provide written informed consent
 Comparison of early maternal complications of episiotomy repair with Rapid vicryl and chromic catgut in the primiparous women;  INTERVENTION: In control group episiotomy repaired with choromic catgut then early maternal morbidity including perineal pain assessment with visual anaiog scale and episiotomy wound healing assessment with reeda scale in 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum and 6 weeks postpartum. Then the incidens of complications compaired with intervention group. IN intervention group episiotomy repaired with rapid vicryl then aerly maternal morbidity including perineal pain assessment whith visual analog scale and episiotomy wound healing assessment with reeda scale in 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum and 6 weeks postpartum. Then the incidens of complications compaired with control group. Intervention 1: IN intervention group episiotomy repaired with rapid vicryl then aerly maternal morbidity including perineal pain assessment whith visual analog scale and episiotomy wound healing assessment with reeda scale in 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum and 6 weeks postpartum. Then the incidens of complications compaired with control group. Intervention 2: In control group episiotomy repaired with choromic catgut then early maternal morbidity including perineal pain assessment with visual anaiog scale and episiotomy wound healing assessment with reeda scale in 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum and 6 weeks postpartum. Then the incidens of complications compaired with intervention group. Prevention CONDITION: 090. 1 Episiotomy repaire. ; Infection of obstetric surgical wound Infection of obstetric surgical wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Chromic catgut. Timepoint: 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum, 6 weeks postpartum. Method of measurement: Qualitative. Rapid vicryl. Timepoint: 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum, 6 weeks postpartum. Method of measurement: Qualitative. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Perineal pain. Timepoint: 24 hours postpartum, 3‐5 days postpartum, 2weeks postpartum, 6 weeks postpartum. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale. Wound healing. Timepoint: 24 hours, 3‐5 days, 2 weeks, 6 weeks poste partume. Method of measurement: Reeda scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: term pregnancy; singleton; Vertex presentation; Age 18‐35 years; primiparous; no special diet; lack of specific diseases (anemia, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, immune disorders, liver disease, depression, lack of clotting disorders, preeclampsia and Infectious Diseases); non smoking, alcohol and drugs; BMI less than 27 Exclusion criteria: disorder of delivery (prolonged labor and dystocia steps); extention of episiotomy; heavy bleeding after delivery (over 500 cc); use Vacium; further manipulating the perineum after childbirth; persistent constipation after childbirth; a serious and long‐lasting pain after delivery; hematoma; fever and chills after delivery; macrosomia
 The effects of berberis vulgaris juice on plasma hormonal-metabolic parameters and PPAR-? gene expression level in patients with benign breast tumor: a randomized controlled clinical trial;  INTERVENTION: Control groups: 480 ml similar to intervention(suger: 55gr, vitamin c: 80 mg) both in lunch & dinner meal ( a glass in each meal equal to 240ml) for 8 weeks. Intervention 1: Control groups: 480 ml similar to intervention(suger: 55gr, vitamin c: 80 mg) both in lunch & dinner meal ( a glass in each meal equal to 240ml) for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Intervention Group: 480 ml berberis vulgaris juice(protein:600mg/500ml; Carbohydrates:55gr/500ml; vitamin c:80mg/500ml; Calcium:50mg/500ml; Sodium:100mg/500ml; fat:10mg/500ml) both in lunch & dinner meal ( a glass in each meal equal to 240ml) for 8 weeks. Intervention Group: 480 ml berberis vulgaris juice(protein:600mg/500ml; Carbohydrates:55gr/500ml; vitamin c:80mg/500ml; Calcium:50mg/500ml; Sodium:100mg/500ml; fat:10mg/500ml) both in lunch & dinner meal ( a glass in each meal equal to 240ml) for 8 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Benign breast tumor. ; Benign neoplasm of breast Benign neoplasm of breast PRIMARY OUTCOME: Plasma levels of hormonal‐metabolic parameters (IGF‐1, Insulin, C‐peptide, FBS, IGFBP‐1, IGFBP‐3) and plasma level and gene expression of PPAR‐gamma. Timepoint: Baseline and endpoint of the intervention. Method of measurement: Electrochemiluminescence. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Gene expression of PPAR‐gamma. Timepoint: Baseline and endpoint of the intervention. Method of measurement: Real time RT‐PCR. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Participants: The INCLUSION CRITERIA: Histopathological confirmed benign breast; 15‐45 years old; Tendency to corporation in study; Completing informed consent form; Passing atleast 2 year from diagnosing disease; BMI less than the ratio of 35 kilogram to squared meter; Moderately active; Lack of menopause. Exclusion criteria: Energy intake range out of 500‐3500; History of consumption cigarette in recent 1 year before diagnosing the disease; Acute chronic disease like other cancers; Cardiovascular disease like: Renal disease, liver disease, Hyperthyroidism and other hormonal disorder before diagnosing the disease (pcos, type 1 diabetes, Hypoglycemia, adrenal gland malfunction ); Having any kind of bleeding & trauma by self reporting or physician; History of other benign neoplasms; Pregnancy and lactation; Consumption of drugs;like glucocorticoids, blood anticoagulants, Epilepsy‐related drugs, HRTs, Fish oil supplements more than 2000 mg per day.
 Evaluation of the effect of Thymus kotschyanus Boiss. & Hohen. in improving ulcerative colitis symptoms;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: consisted of 15 patients who were randomized by computer took one extraction capsule three times a day by the effective daily dose 0.5 grams of T. kotschyanus beside the standard colitis treatment regimen. These patients administered the extraction capsule for 3 months by the total dose of 45 grams of the extraction in the whole time of trial. The capsules will be prepared at the School of Pharmacy, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. Intervention 2: Control group: 15 patients who were randomized by computer took one placebo capsule three times a day for 3 months beside the standard colitis treatment regimen. The placebo capsules ill be prepared at the School of Pharmacy, Mashhad University of Medical Sciences. CONDITION: ulcerative colitis. ; Ulcerative colitis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Reduction in calprotectin protein. Timepoint: 12 weeks after intervention beginning. Method of measurement: Measuring the laboratory test for fecal calprotectin. Reduction in SCCAI score. Timepoint: 12 weeks after intervention beginning. Method of measurement: Filling the questionnaire for SCCAI score . SECONDARY OUTCOME: Finding T. kotschyanus possible adverse effects. Timepoint: Week 4 and 8 and 12 after intervention beginning. Method of measurement: Asking patients about any adverse reaction incidence. Reduction in SEO index. Timepoint: 12 weeks after intervention beginning. Method of measurement: Measuring the related laboratory test for SEO index. Remission and improvement changes in SIBDQ scores. Timepoint: 12 weeks after intervention beginning. Method of measurement: Filling the SIBDQ questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients who were diagnosed by ulcerative colitis and not been hospitalized during this clinical trial Patients must be between 13 and 65 years' old The Simple Clinical Colitis Activity Index (SCCAI) score must be higher than 5 and less than 13 Patients must have taken mesalazine with fixed dose since at least 1 month ago and not exceed more than 4.5 grams mesalazine in a day If patients have administered topical mesalazine it should be used at least for 2 weeks with a fixed dose and not exceed more than 4 grams in a day Patients shouldn’t have taken another anti‐inflammatory or immunomodulatory medicine except mesalazine Hemoglobin must be higher than 10 No concurrent disease such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, liver disease, thyroid disease, bile disease No concurrent leukopenia, thrombocytopenia or other blood coagulation disorders No concurrent sepsis or any active infection No pregnancy or breast feeding No
 Effects of balance stimulation and cervical training on balance performance in chronic neck pain;  INTERVENTION: cervical proprioception training twice daily will perform for 6 weeks. Galvanic vestibular stimulation will perform3 times a week for 6 weeks and cervical proprioception training twice daily will perform for 6 weeks. Galvanic vestibular stimulation will perform3 times a week for 6 weeks. Intervention 1: Galvanic vestibular stimulation will perform3 times a week for 6 weeks. Intervention 2: cervical proprioception training twice daily will perform for 6 weeks. Intervention 3: TENS will perform3 times a week for 6 weeks. Intervention 4: Galvanic vestibular stimulation will perform3 times a week for 6 weeks and cervical proprioception training twice daily will perform for 6 weeks. Rehabilitation TENS will perform3 times a week for 6 weeks. CONDITION: Biomechanical lesions, not elsewhere classified Chronic neck pain. ; Biomechanical lesions, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Frequency band of COP. Timepoint: Before ,immediate after and 6weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate. Maximum excursion of COP. Timepoint: Before ,immediate after and 6weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate. Mean excursion of COP. Timepoint: Before ,immediate after and 6weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate. Mean speed of COP. Timepoint: Before ,immediate after and 6weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate. Rambling. Timepoint: Before ,immediate after and 6weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate. Trembling. Timepoint: Before ,immediate after and 6weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Joint position sense. Timepoint: Before, immediate after and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Laser pointer and distance to reference point during cervical rotation and extension. Neck disability level. Timepoint: Before and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Neck disability Index. Pain intensity. Timepoint: Before, immediate after and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: VAS. Pressure pain threshold. Timepoint: Before, immediate after and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Algometer. Quality of life. Timepoint: Before and 6 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Short form12 questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: inclusion criteria for patient group: complaint of neck pain for 3 months or more without referral to upper limb; age between 20 ‐ 50;; no history of head and neck trauma; with a neck disability index score greater than 10%, VAS more than 3 ; neck pain at least twice during the last twelve months; not participation in exercise training during past 3 months. healthy subjects have not any musculoskeletal disorders. Exclusion criteria : Neurological disorders; cervical spine root compression; radiculopathy; preexisting vestibular pathology; connective tissue disease; cervical fracture and dislocation; Ankylosing spondylitis; mylopathy; cervical spine surgery; history of head and neck trauma, systemic disease; pregnancy; peripheral neuropathy; diabetes; inner ear disease; Rheumatic and inflammatory disease;fibromyalgia; respiratory / metabolic and cardiovascular disorders.
 The effect of vitamin D3 supplementation in treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Edible paraffin as placebo, once every two weeks, for six months Intervention 1: Intervention group: Cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) 50000 IU, once every two weeks, for six months. Intervention 2: Control group: Edible paraffin as placebo, once every two weeks, for six months. Intervention group: Cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) 50000 IU, once every two weeks, for six months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Irritable bowel syndrome. ; Irritable colon Irritable colon PRIMARY OUTCOME: Calcium. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Arsenaco III method. Clinical symptoms (discomfort in the abdomen, abdominal pain, bloating, and disapproval of stool consistency). Timepoint: Baseline and every two weeks for six months. Method of measurement: Rome III questionnaire. IL‐10. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. IL‐17. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Malondialdehyde (MDA). Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Thiobarbituric Acid assay. Serum vitamin D. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Radioimmunoassay. TNF‐a. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC). Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Colorimetric method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Blood pressure monitor. Body Mass Index (BMI). Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Weight to height squared ratio. Dietary intake. Timepoint: Before and after of three and six months intervention. Method of measurement: 24‐hour food recall questionnaire. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Tape measure. Physical Activity (PA). Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Physical activity questionnaire. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Tape measure. Weight. Timepoint: Before and after of six months intervention. Method of measurement: Digital scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Including criteria: the patients who are 19‐60 years old diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) according to ROME III criteria; Signed consent by the patient. Exclusion criteria: The patients who have celiac disease (diagnosed by a duodenal biopsy or celiac serological tests), any other diseases of the gastrointestinal tract such as IBD, any kind of abdominal surgery, chronic disease such as diabetes, cardiovascular, hepatic, kidney and severe infection; Pregnancy; Breastfeeding; Smoking; Alcohol consumption; Use of dietary supplements; Use of vitamin D and calcium supplement during the last year before the study; Use any medication for improvement of disease signs during the study period.
 Comparison of Second degree burns healing time in two methods of dressing by Fundermol (Alpha) herbal ointment and %1 Silver sulfadiazine ointment in Imam Mousa Kazem hospital 2008;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: 1mm of Fundermol ointment was rubbed on the wound, daily, After cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 1mm of Fundermol ointment was rubbed on the wound by tongue blade and has been dressed with nylon. Dressings were changed daily until wound recovered completely. Intervention 2: Intervention group: 3mm of Silver Sulfadiazine 1% ointment was rubbed on the wound. After cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 3mm of Silver Sulfadiazine 1% ointment was rubbed on the wound by tongue blade and has been dressed with nylon. Dressings were changed daily until wound recovered completely. Intervention group: 1mm of Fundermol ointment was rubbed on the wound, daily, After cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 1mm of Fundermol ointment was rubbed on the wound by tongue blade and has been dressed with nylon. Dressings were changed daily until wound recovered completely. Intervention group: 3mm of Silver Sulfadiazine 1% ointment was rubbed on the wound. After cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 3mm of Silver Sulfadiazine 1% ointment was rubbed on the wound by tongue blade and has been dressed with nylon. Dressings were changed daily until wound recovered completely. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Burn. ; Burns of multiple regions, no more than second‐degree burns mentioned Burns of multiple regions, no more than second‐degree burns mentioned PRIMARY OUTCOME: Second Degree Burns Healing Sore. Timepoint: Daily Inspection of Reveal Complete Recovery Burn Sore. Method of measurement: Daily Inspection of Reveal Complete Recovery Burn Sore. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 2‐60 years, burn only in contact with heat resource or hot fluids, burn area between 1‐ 10% according to Land‐Browder table, less than 6 hours passed from burning occurrence, normal Hb level, normal total protein level, second degree burn, burn on body and/or extremities, no wound infection Exclusion Criteria: presence of underlying diseases such as anemia, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, malignancy and immune insufficiency, Burn wound damage during care, need to consumption of immune supportive drugs, corticosteroids or chemotherapy, failure to cooperation, pregnancy, presence of trauma
 Randomized clinical trial of standardized topical formula containing standard extracts of Arnebia euchroma, Malva sylvestris and sesame oil (less than 20%) vs. Silversulfadiazine cream on wound healing in 2nd degree burns;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Dressing the wounds using silver sulfadiazine manufactured by Sobhan Pharmaceutical company after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day by physician in hospital and will last between 1 week to 3 weeks (depends on wound healing) Intervention 1: Intervention: Dressing with patented topical herbal formulation containing extracts of Arnebia euchroma, Malva sylvestris and sesame oil (less than 20%) after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day by responsible physician. According to patient conditions and wound types the treatment will last 1‐3 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: Dressing the wounds using silver sulfadiazine manufactured by Sobhan Pharmaceutical company after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day by physician in hospital and will last between 1 week to 3 weeks (depends on wound healing). Intervention: Dressing with patented topical herbal formulation containing extracts of Arnebia euchroma, Malva sylvestris and sesame oil (less than 20%) after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day by responsible physician. According to patient conditions and wound types the treatment will last 1‐3 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Burn and corrosion of trunk ‐Burn and corrosion of shoulder and upper limb ‐Burn and corrosion of wrist and hand ‐Burn and corrosion of hip and lower limb, except ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of ankle and foot provides a standard herbal formulation to heal burn wounds. ; Burn and corrosion of trunk ‐Burn and corrosion of shoulder and upper limb ‐Burn and corrosion of wrist and hand ‐Burn and corrosion of hip and lower limb, except ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of ankle and foot T21,T22,T2 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Surface area of wounds needed to be grafted. Timepoint: daily. Method of measurement: by ruller. Wound healing time. Timepoint: daily. Method of measurement: time between admission and epithelialization or preparation for skin graft. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Allergy to applied treatment ‐ infection. Timepoint: 21day. Method of measurement: visit by expert physician. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA:Patients aged between 20 to 60 years old; 2nd degree burn wounds; burn surface area up to 5% Exclusion criteria: Epilepsy;Diabetes; Cardiovascular diseases; pregnancy; Breast feeding; electrical and respiratory burns
 Effectiveness of group consultation on intimacy, sexuality and satisfaction in married women of multiple sclerosis;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: In the intervention group, before the start of the sessions, all eligible participants were given demographic questionnaires, LSSQ questionnaire, and MSISQ 19 questionnaire.In the intervention group, group counseling was conducted in three groups of 12, 6 sessions, 45 minutes, six weeks in Adler's approach and sessions.First session, introduction of researcher, group members and group rules, and the purpose of the study.In the second session, the physiology of reproduction and awareness of the patient about MS, and its implications, and its impact on individual sexual life, psychological, emotional, social and cultural factors that could impair sexual function, were introduced.In the third session, patients, demands and sexual needs, common and distressing MS symptoms, pain relief and spasticity were asked.In the fourth session, the discussion of the four phases of sexual response, physical and psychological differences between men and women at each stage of the cycle, explaining different positions, observing the necessary health information at the close proximity, and factors affecting sexual satisfaction were discussed.Fifth session, exercise program, pelvic floor muscle and complete Kegel pelvic exercise training.In the sixth session, a clear explanation of the content of the meetings, and the existence of problems in the field of sexual issues, such as lack of desires, disability, maybe arousing and anxiety, shame and embarrassment or feeling incompetent, were scheduled for a retreat.After the end of the sessions and one month after the end of the intervention, a questionnaire was also given to the participants and collected. Intervention 2: No intervention was done in the control group. CONDITION: Multiple Sclerosis. ; Multiple sclerosis PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sexual function. Timepoint: Before intervention, after intervention, one month after intervention. Method of measurement: MSISQ‐19. Sexual intimacy. Timepoint: Before intervention, after intervention, one month after intervention. Method of measurement: MSISQ‐19. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Sexual satisfaction. Timepoint: Before intervention, after intervention and one month after intervention. Method of measurement: Larsson Sexual Satisfaction Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women age between 18 to 45 years Married and be one year old from their marriage Have sex during the last six months Have a score less than or equal to 5.5 based on the EDSS scale Have literacy to read and write Lack of underlying diseases (diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease) No pregnancy or breastfeeding Not having a mental illness or known under personal self‐report / self‐report
 To comprare the effect of sea buckthorn and 1% Silver Sulfadiazine dressing on burns healing time;  INTERVENTION: Control group: after cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 3mm of Silver Sulfadiazine 1% ointment will rubbed on the wound, daily, by tongue blade and has been dressing with sterile Gauze. Dressings will changed daily until wound recovered completely. Intervention 1: Intervention group: after cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 3mm of Sea buckthorn ointment will rubbed on the wound, daily, by tongue blade and has been dressing with sterile Gauze. Dressings will changed daily until wound recovered completely. Intervention 2: Control group: after cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 3mm of Silver Sulfadiazine 1% ointment will rubbed on the wound, daily, by tongue blade and has been dressing with sterile Gauze. Dressings will changed daily until wound recovered completely. Intervention group: after cleaning wound with aseptic N/S 0.9 %, wound has been placed in air until drying completely. Then, 3mm of Sea buckthorn ointment will rubbed on the wound, daily, by tongue blade and has been dressing with sterile Gauze. Dressings will changed daily until wound recovered completely. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Burn. ; Burns of multiple regions, no more than second‐degree burns mentioned Burns of multiple regions, no more than second‐degree burns mentioned PRIMARY OUTCOME: Second Degree Burns Healing Sore. Timepoint: Daily. Method of measurement: Daily Inspection of Reveal Complete Recovery Burn Sore with Researcher and confirm with Specialist. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Side effects such as allergy or redness. Timepoint: Daily. Method of measurement: Daily Inspection of Reveal Complete Recovery Burn Sore with Researcher and confirm with Specialist. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1‐age 18‐60 years old 2‐ burn only in contact with heat resource or hot fluids 3‐ burn area between 1‐ 10% 4‐less than 6 hours passed from burning occurrence 5‐patients with second degree burn 6‐ the wounds without any infection or trauma 7‐ burn only on body and/or extremities and not on head,neck and genital area Exclusion criteria: 1‐ burn wound damage during care 2‐ presence of underlying diseases such as anemia, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, malignancy and immune insufficiency;; need to consumption of immune supportive drugs; corticosteroids or chemotherapy 3‐ pregnancy 4‐ failure to cooperation.
 Effect of zinc supplementation on severe head trauma patients;  INTERVENTION: Control: 20 ml distilled water that were prepared by the study pharmacist in the Investigative Pharmacy Research Centre affiliated to Mashhad University of Medical Sciences Number of use: 2 times per day (10 ml at any time) for 15 days Intervention 1: Intervention: 120 mg zinc elemental (528 mg zinc sulfat) as 20 ml zinc solution that were prepared by the study pharmacist in the Investigative Pharmacy Research Centre affiliated to Mashhad University of Medical Sciences Number of use: 2 times per day (10 ml at any time) for 15 days. Intervention 2: Control: 20 ml distilled water that were prepared by the study pharmacist in the Investigative Pharmacy Research Centre affiliated to Mashhad University of Medical Sciences Number of use: 2 times per day (10 ml at any time) for 15 days. Intervention: 120 mg zinc elemental (528 mg zinc sulfat) as 20 ml zinc solution that were prepared by the study pharmacist in the Investigative Pharmacy Research Centre affiliated to Mashhad University of Medical Sciences Number of use: 2 times per day (10 ml at any time) for 15 days Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: (S00‐S09) Injuries to the head severe head trauma. ; Injuries to the head PRIMARY OUTCOME: C‐reactive protein (CRP). Timepoint: First 24 hours of admission and 16th day. Method of measurement: CRP ELISA Kit. Glasgow outcome score (GCS). Timepoint: First 24 hours of admission, 7th, 16th and 28th day. Method of measurement: GCS table. Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA). Timepoint: First 24 h of admission, 7th and 16 th day. Method of measurement: SOFA table. Zinc plasma concentrations. Timepoint: First 24 hours of admission, 7th and 16th day. Method of measurement: Atomic absorption spectrophotometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Copper plasma concentrations. Timepoint: first 24 hours of admission, 7th and 16th day. Method of measurement: Atomic absorption spectrophotometer. Enteral intake and parenteral administered. Timepoint: Daily. Method of measurement: Recods of amounts of intake. Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR). Timepoint: First 24 hours of admission and 16th day. Method of measurement: Centrifuged. Glasgow Outcome Score (GOS). Timepoint: At hospital discharge day. Method of measurement: GOS table. Length of hospital stay (LOS). Timepoint: at discharge day. Method of measurement: number of hospitalization days. Mortality rate. Timepoint: At hospital discharge day. Method of measurement: Conunt of patients (dead and alive). White blood cell (WBC) count. Timepoint: First 24 hours of admission and 16th day. Method of measurement: Conunt of WBC with cell counter. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Severe head trauma patients; aged between 18 to 65 years; GCS between 6‐8 Exclusion criteria: patients undergoing a craniotomy; or with a medical history of liver, respiratory or renal disease; diabetes; hypertension and cardiovascular diseases; blood clotting problems; cancer and ongoing pregnancy; patients whit contraindication of enteral nutrition
 The Effect of Cinnamon Extract on Reducing Perineal Pain Following Episiotomy in Primiparous Women in Khorramabad Asali Hospital in 2014;  INTERVENTION: Control group will receive a specific dosage of placebo and will be applied at the site of episiotomy then, in 1 and 4 hours after use also will be used. Residual placebo will be given to them to use it if had a pain and the patients will be visited on the tenth day. Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive a specific dosage of cinnamon extract (3.5%) And will be applied at the site of episiotomy then, in 1 and 4 hours after use also will be used. Residual extract will be given to them to use it if had a pain and the patients will be visited on the tenth day. Intervention 2: Control group will receive a specific dosage of placebo and will be applied at the site of episiotomy then, in 1 and 4 hours after use also will be used. Residual placebo will be given to them to use it if had a pain and the patients will be visited on the tenth day. Intervention group will receive a specific dosage of cinnamon extract (3.5%) And will be applied at the site of episiotomy then, in 1 and 4 hours after use also will be used. Residual extract will be given to them to use it if had a pain and the patients will be visited on the tenth day. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Perineal laceration during delivery Incl.: episiotomy extended by laceration Perineal laceration during delivery. ; Perineal laceration during delivery Incl.: episiotomy extended by laceration PRIMARY OUTCOME: Improvement of episiotomy site pain. Timepoint: Immediately after surgery, 0 and 1 and 4 hours after episiotomy. Method of measurement: Visual graded scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Adverse reactions (allergy). Timepoint: At one and four ?hours after the surgery, the tenth visit day, any unpredictable time. Method of measurement: By examination and regular visits and record patient pain complaint. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Primiparous woman; Educated; Iranian; body mass index between 19/8‐25 kg/m2 ;first degree episiotomy wound with a length of 3‐4 cm and a depth of up to 3 mm; singleton term(37‐42 weeks) pregnancy; 18 to 35 years old; No underlying medical condition(Cardiovascular, hepatic, renal, diabetes, coagulation disorders, anemia, constant constipation and hemorrhoids) ; absence of chemotherapy and allergy to Herbal Medicines; Not taking anticoagulant drugs; antidepressants; anticonvulsants; antibiotics; immunosuppressive drugs; alcohol; smoking and opiate materials; No history of active skin disease (allergic disorder, symptomatic vaginitis, Skin ulcer or sensitivity at the site) ; anterior position view of the fetal head for episiotomy on the gynecologic bed. Exclusion criteria: Occurring Hematomas; Infection; need for neonatal resuscitation; development of episiotomy; abnormal bleeding after childbirth; perineal re‐manipulation; Prolonged rupture of
 The effect of dietary flaxseed on Obesity;  INTERVENTION: Control group: They will use 25g/day raw rice flour in addition to weight loss diet for 12 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: They will use 25g/day milled brown flaxseed in addition to weight loss diet for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: They will use 25g/day raw rice flour in addition to weight loss diet for 12 weeks. Intervention group: They will use 25g/day milled brown flaxseed in addition to weight loss diet for 12 weeks Placebo CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories Obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: Adiponectin. Timepoint: At the beginning of study and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA method. Height. Timepoint: At the beginning of study. Method of measurement: Tape measurement scale. High density lipoprotein. Timepoint: At the beginng and 12th week after intervention. Method of measurement: Auto analyser device and Calorimetriy method. Hip circumference. Timepoint: At the beginning and end of study. Method of measurement: Tape measurement scale. Leptin. Timepoint: At the beginning of study and 12th week of study. Method of measurement: ELISA method. Low density lipoprotein. Timepoint: At the beginning of study and 12th week of study. Method of measurement: Auto analysis mashine and calroimetry method. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: At the beginng and 12th week after intervention. Method of measurement: Auto analyser device and Calorimetriy method. Triglycerid. Timepoint: At the beginng and 12th week after intervention. Method of measurement: Auto analyser device and Calorimetriy method. Waist circumference. Timepoint: At the beginning and end of study. Method of measurement: Tape measurement scale. Weight. Timepoint: At the beginning of study after 8 week and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Tape measurment,scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: women between 20‐50 years old; body mass index over 25 kg and less than 40 kg, he no history of alcohol abuse or using alcohol less than 10 mg per day for women and less than 20 mg per day in men. Exclusion criteria: taking any medication or supplements that affect fat metabolism in the body and affect weight loss during last 3 months; history of allergy to flax seed; clinical diagnosis of kidney dysfunction, liver, heart, thyroid; history of cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, gastrointestinal disorders that affect absorbtion; pregnancy; lactation; not willingness to cooperate.
 Assessing effect of L-carnitine supplementation on nutritional status, serum inflammatory and oxidative stress factors, matrix metalloproteinase enzymes and clinical symptoms of females with knee osteoarthritis;  INTERVENTION: Control group: placebo 3 tablets a day for 8 weeks Intervention 1: Intervention group: L‐carnitine 250 mg (made by Karen pharmaceutical and nutritional supplements manufacture), 3 tablets a day for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Control group: placebo 3 tablets a day for 8 weeks. Intervention group: L‐carnitine 250 mg (made by Karen pharmaceutical and nutritional supplements manufacture), 3 tablets a day for 8 weeks Placebo Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Bilateral primary osteoarthritis of knee knee osteoarthritis. ; Bilateral primary osteoarthritis of knee PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diability. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: WOMAC questionnaire. Joint stiffness. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: WOMAC questionnaire. Pain. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: WOMAC questionnaire. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Nutritional status and dietary intake. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Dietary intake: 24 hours food recall questionnaire; Nutritional status: Weight: Standard scale, Height: Stadiometer. Serum inflammatory factors. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: IL‐1ß and hs‐CRP. Serum matrix metalloproteinases. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: matrix metalloproteinase‐1 and matrix metalloproteinase‐13. Serum oxidative factors. Timepoint: Before the intervention and 2 months after the intervention. Method of measurement: Malondialdehide and total antioxidant capacity. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Female; Age: 40‐60 years; Bilateral primary osteoarthritis of knee (according to ACR classification); Body mass index of 25‐35; Using glucoseamine & chondrotin sulphate supplements and acetaminophene as anti‐pain drug; Patient tendency and ability to participate in the study. Exclusion criteria: Severe osteoarthritis; Secondary osteoarthritis; Active synovitis; Having a history of knee injection during the past 6 months; Neurological disorder that affects movement, muscle control and balance; Uncontrolled hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, chronic kidney disorders and functional liver disorders; Using Furosemide, Probenecid, Anticoagulants, Anticonvulsant, Sulphonamides, Methotrexate, Lithium salts and muscle relaxants; Using antioxidant supplements and w3; Smoking; History of allergy; Pregnancy and or lactation.
 The effect of quercetin supplementation on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Sigma quercetin supplements, 500 mg per day for 55 people in the intervention group for three months?Be taken on an empty stomach. Intervention 2: placebo supplement containing starch but looks completely like the original supplementation for placebo group received 500 mg per day for 55 people for three months,Be taken on an empty stomach. placebo supplement containing starch but looks completely like the original supplementation for placebo group received 500 mg per day for 55 people for three months,Be taken on an empty stomach Sigma quercetin supplements, 500 mg per day for 55 people in the intervention group for three months?Be taken on an empty stomach Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Inflammatory markers. Timepoint: at first and the end of study. Method of measurement: ELISA method. Lipid profile. Timepoint: at first and the end of study. Method of measurement: enzymathic method. Liver enzymes. Timepoint: at first and the end of study. Method of measurement: enzymathic method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body composition. Timepoint: at firt of the study and the end of forth,eighth and Twelfth weeks. Method of measurement: BIA. Height. Timepoint: Accuracy. Method of measurement: ???? ??? ?? ??????? ?? ?? ??? ??? ?? ??? 0.1 ????? ???. Hip circumference. Timepoint: at firt of the study and the end of forth,eighth and Twelfth weeks. Method of measurement: Using a tape measure at the bigest part of the hips. Waist circumference. Timepoint: at firt of the study and the end of forth,eighth and Twelfth weeks. Method of measurement: Using a tape measure between the lowest gear and iliac crest with accuracy of 0.5 cm. Weight. Timepoint: at firt of the study and the end of forth,eighth and Twelfth weeks. Method of measurement: With light clothing and using Seca scales with 100 gAccuracy. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria include: a willingness to participation; age 18‐65 years; non‐alcoholic fatty liver diagnosed by ultrasonography and liver function test Tests( Alanine transaminase and Aspartate transaminase (more than 30u/l in men and more than 20u/l in women)) ; Lack of alcohol abuse (taking more than 10 grams per day for women and more than 30 grams per day for men); Body mass index equal to or greater than 40Kg/M2; Lack of other acute and chronic liver disorders (hepatitis B and C, etc.); Wilson's disease; cirrhosis; no history of biliary tract disease; acute heart failure disease; renal; pulmonary; infectious diseases; diabetes; cancer; inherited disorders affecting liver condition (iron storage disease, etc.); the absence of pregnancy and lactation; disease related to thyroid disorders; No history of weight loss surgery in the past year; the absence of lose weight in the past three months and In general, lack of increase or decrease in weight regimes d
 Individually adapted immunosuppression in de novo renal transplantation based on immune function monitoring: a prospective randomised study Extension study: the impact of magnesium supplementation on posttransplantation insulin resistance in renal transplant recipients: a prospective randomized open label study;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Cellcept Product Name: Mycophenolate Mofetil Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: MYCOPHENOLATE MOFETIL CAS Number: 115007346 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 500‐ Trade Name: Medrol Product Name: Methylprednisolone Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: METHYLPREDNISOLONE CAS Number: 83432 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 4‐ Trade Name: Prograft Product Name: Tacrolimus Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule, hard INN or Proposed INN: TACROLIMUS CAS Number: 104987113 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 5‐ Trade Name: Certican Product Name: Everolimus Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: EVEROLIMUS CAS Number: 159351696 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0,75‐ Trade Name: Magnesium Sulfate Sterop 2g/10ml Product Name: Magnesium sulfate Pharmaceutical Form: Concentrate for solution for infusion CAS Number: 10034‐99‐8 Other descriptive name: MAGNESIUM SULPHATE HEPTAHYDRATE Concentration unit: g gram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 2‐ CONDITION: de novo renal transplantation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate difference in ; • measured glomerular filtration rate (mGFR) and estimated glomerular filtration (eGFR) between study groups; • chronic alloimmune injury/rejection and nonimmune injury according to BANFF 2005 ; • terms of cardiovascular risk scores,and New Onset Diabetes After Transplantation(NODAT) ; • terms of cardiovascular mortality; • To evaluate safety in terms ; a) of acute rejection rate; b) of infection rate and cancer; ; For the extension study ‐ to investigate whether; • intravenous Mg supplementation in patients with profound hypomagnesemia (<1.7mg/dl) in the immediate post‐transplantation period results in ; a) higher serum Mg levels; ; b)improvement of insulin resistance and ; c)less NODAT post transplantation (defined by the ADA‐criteria).; • Peroral Mg supplementation in patients with hypomagnesemia over a 3 month course might beneficially impact on insulin resistance measured by validated parameters. Primary end point(s): • Difference in measured glomerular filtration rate (mGFR) and estimated glomerular filtration (eGFR) between study groups; • Difference in chronic alloimmune injury/rejection and nonimmune injury according to BANFF 2005 ; • Difference in terms of cardiovascular risk scores,and New Onset Diabetes After Transplantation(NODAT) ; • Difference in terms of cardiovascular mortality; • Safety in terms of acute rejection rate; • Safety in terms of infection rate and cancer; ; For the extension study:; • higher serum Mg levels; ; • improvement of insulin resistance and ; • less NODAT the first year post transplantation ; ; Secondary Objective: For the extension study:; To check whether there is a cross‐sectional relation between insulin resistance and posttransplantation hypomagnesemia INCLUSION CRITERIA: • First or second kidney transplantation • Males and females, 18 years old or older • Women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with sensitivity equal to at least 50 mIU/ml. • Patients must be capable of understanding the purpose and risks of the study and must sign an informed consent form For the extension study: • Single renal transplant recipients, aged >18y • Triple immunosuppression consisting of corticosteroids (with perioperative bolus of 500mg methylprednisolone, 125mg IV methylprednisolone on day 1 followed by 12mg peroral methylprednisolone from day 2 until the end of the first month with further gradual tapering according to stratified schema), mofetil mycophenolate (Cellcept ®)/mycophenolate acid (Myfortic®) and tacrolimus (Prograft®). Induction with basiliximab (Simulect®). • Hypomagnesemia <1.7mg/dl on 2 consecutive blood samples (laboratory normal value between 1.7‐2.55mg/dl in our
 Effect of painless vaginal delivery versus normal vaginal delivery on maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnant women;  INTERVENTION: combined anesthesia including epidural anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose and spinal anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose epidural anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose Intervention 1: epidural anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose. Intervention 2: spinal anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose. Intervention 3: combined anesthesia including epidural anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose and spinal anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose. Intervention 4: Without receiving anesthesia medications. Prevention spinal anesthesia with Marcaine 0.125 mg (manufacture by Astrazenca) single dose Treatment ‐ Drugs Without receiving anesthesia medications CONDITION: Other obstructed labour Vaginal delivery. ; Other obstructed labour PRIMARY OUTCOME: ) assessing Apgar score. Timepoint: at the first and fifth minutes after birth. Method of measurement: through physical examination. Measuring episiotomy pain. Timepoint: 6 and 12 hours after vaginal delivery. Method of measurement: using visual analog scale (VAS). Measuring the duration of the first and second stages of vaginal delivery. Timepoint: after intervention. Method of measurement: using Friedman curve. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Assessing headache. Timepoint: 12 hours after vaginal delivery. Method of measurement: using visual analog scale (VAS). Assessing hyperthermia. Timepoint: at 4, 8, and 12 hours after vaginal delivery. Method of measurement: using oral thermometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: (a) gestational age of 37 weeks or over; (b) being eligible for vaginal delivery. Exclusion criteria: (a) having diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, or intracranial diseases; (b) having gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, or macrosomia; (c) coagulation disorders; (d) dermal infection on the location of epidural anesthesia; (e) non‐treated bacteremia.
 The Effects of Acetyl-L-Carnitine and Myo/Chiro-Inositol in Patients With PCOS;  Introduction A tremendously high number of women in their child bearing age is affected by Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) leading to infertility (1). PCOS is not a simple gynecological or dermatological problem but a multisystem disorder with comorbidities. Patients mostly have anovulation presented as oligomennorhea or amenorrhea and hyperandrogenism presented with symptoms of hirsutism along with hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance. The presence of multiple cysts in the ovaries however, is not essential for diagnosis (2). Hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance being the key triggering condition apart from cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension and obesity. PCOS and infertility involves genetic and environmental factors, however, in Pakistani the cultural background of intermarriages is contributing noticeably towards the multiplicity of disease (3). World Health Organization (WHO) has considered infertility as public health problem. It was the objective of UN conference 2015 to provide access and quality reproductive health services to all individuals. Management of PCOS require prolong use of pharmaceuticals which has serious effects sometimes even fatal, therefore the natural, easily available, cost effective nutraceuticals has tremendous effects and have now used safely in many clinical trials(4) The current study aims to provide evidence to support the use of neutraceuticals in the management of PCOS in infertile patients and their comparison with standard drug used in treatment of infertility caused by PCOS.. This study can help run a long way in achieving the millennium goals MDG(3) SGD(3) to which Pakistan is a signatory and to reduce maternal mortality and improve reproductive health of its female population The following agent is used as standard drug in an infertile women with PCOS in a clinical set‐up Metformin a biguanide, used as first line drug for the treatment of diabetes and PCOS. It works by preventing hepatic gluconeogenesis and intestinal glucose absorption thus improving insulin sensitivity (5). In addition to its systemic effects on insulin signaling it effect autocrine/paracrine signaling in ovarian tissue thus improving ovarian steriodogensis and endometrial receptivity (6). In a recent study its role in infertile PCOS women was established resulting in significant number of ovulation and live birth than controls (7). Complementary and alternative medicine approach for the treatment of PCOS is becoming popular in recent years. It is claimed that dietary supplements and herbal remedies are safer than conventional drugs. Acetyl L‐Carnitine : Carnitine a quaternary ammonium compound made in the body from lysine and methionine and is available in an active ( L) and an inactive (D ) form. L‐carnitine is available in supplemental form and has significant role in enhancing metabolism, producing energy and protecting against oxidative stress. Role of carnitine in treating insulin resistance is being frequently discussed with reference to accrual of acyl‐CoA derivatives (8). Hence as suggested if the normal levels of carnitine in the diabetics and obese patients is ensured the insulin insensitivity can be drastically improved. Further the level of L‐carnitine in PCOS patients was found to be considerably less. Follicogensis is a highly energy dependent process on mitochondria. In PCOS the functioning of mitochondria is effected due to inflammation and other deregulations because of accumulation of testosterone and insulin in ovary. It help in transport of lipids from cytosol to mitochondria in breakdown of lipids for production of energy (9) Inositol; Inositols present in plants and animal a member of sugar alcohol comprising nine cyclohexane‐1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6‐hexol stereoisomers. Being vitamin like it is made in human body as well as synthetically. It is a component of cell membrane and acts as a second messenger, has important role in release of different autacoids, hormones, and neurotransmitters (10).The promising role of two of its isomers namely Myo‐inositol (MI) and D‐chiro‐inositol (DCI) in the treatment of PCOS has been documented. Studies have demonstrated that performance of MI to induce ovulation in patients with infertility due to PCOS can be improved if DCI is combined to it. Best results are achieved when the two isomers are used in 40:1 ratio which is the normal amount in which they exist in the body (11). Both MI and DCI can influence oxidative and non‐oxidative metabolism. Apart from being involved in activation of multiple enzymes MI is involved in glucose transport and DCI in insulin production from B‐ cells and ATP production (12) DCI contributes in mediating insulin activity mainly on non‐ovarian tissues, MI displays specific effects on ovary, chiefly by modulating glucose metabolism and FSH‐signaling. Moreover, MI may also improve ovarian functions by modulating steroid metabolism through non‐insulin‐dependent pathways In PCOS patient due IR there is dysregulation in MI/DCI ratio in non‐ ovarian tissue related to reduced epimarse activity. However ovaries being insulin sensitive have lower level of MI than DCI due to increase epimerase activity (13). Rationale The incidence of PCOS is increasing throughout the world. It is much higher in Pakistani women (52%) than Caucasian women (20‐25%) and is contributing towards both primary (50%) and secondary (25%) infertility (14). Infertilty has its sociocultural connotations resulting in emotional and mental stress. Infertilty due to PCOS should be treated with nutraceuticals for being natural, cost effective, easily available and with minimum side effects. The inositol isomers in its physiological ratio (40:1) and carnitine as an antioxidant has shown significant effects in regularization of metabolic and endocrine parameters of the body Rationale of the present study is that Inositol and Carnitine alone and in combination may be a better alternate for treatment of infertility in patients with PCOS, compared to Metformin. To the best of our knowledge no study till date is documented for synergistic effects of Acetyl‐L Carnitine and inositol isomers when used, in physiological balanced ratio, for infertilty Objectives 1. To compare the effects of Inositol isomers and Acetyl‐LCarnitine ( alone and in combination) with Metformin on improving ovulation, pregnancy rate, restoring ovarian function, metabolic balance and perceived stress response in patient with PCOS Hypothesis It is hypothesized that Inositol and Acetyl L‐Carnitine alone may produce better or at least comparable results to Metformin in improving Pregnancy rate, ovulation, restoring ovarian function, metabolic balance and perceived stress response in infertile patients with PCOS. It is also hypothesized that the synergistic action of Inositol isomers and Acetyl L‐Carnitine in combination may produce better or at least comparable results to Metformin in improving pregnancy rate, ovulation, restoring ovarian function, metabolic balance and perceived stress response in infertile patients with PCOS STUDY DESIGN: This will be a noncommercial randomized double blind clinical trial (RCT) in which subject and treatment provider will blinded to treatment intervention. In this study we will compare the treatment of naturally occurring nutraceuticals with Metformin (control group) which is used as first line drug in treatment of PCOS for infertile women. The nature of study will be explained in both Pashto and Urdu and informed consent will be taken SETTINHS: OPD patients in Gynecology and Obstetrics Department, Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences, Islamabad (PIMS) and Bacha Khan Medical Complex, Swabi, (BKMC) KP DURATION: The study is expected to be completed in 1.year with duration for 6 months. SAMPLE SIZE: The study will include 120 patients with PCOS according to our inclusion of the NIH 2012 extension of ESHRE/ASRM 2003 criteria. .
 Intraoperative magnesium sulphate decreases agitation and pain in patients undergoing functional endoscopic surgery: a randomised double-blind study;  BACKGROUND: Postoperative agitation is harmful for the patient as it may be associated with removal of catheters, nasal packs, oxygen masks and self‐injury, and pose a danger to operating theatre staff. OBJECTIVE: The current study investigated the potential role of magnesium sulphate in treatment of postoperative agitation following functional endoscopic sinus surgery. DESIGN: A randomised, double‐blinded, placebo‐controlled trial. SETTING: ENT operating room, Menofia University Hospitals, Egypt. PATIENTS: A total of 312 adult patients (171 men and 141 women) were enrolled in the study. Eighteen patients (10 men and eight women) were excluded; data from 294 patients were analysed. Inclusion criteria were age between 20 and 60 years, American Society of Anesthesiologists' physical status 1 or 2 scheduled for functional endoscopic sinus surgery. Exclusion criteria were hypertension, cardiac ischaemia, cerebrovascular insufficiency, neuromuscular diseases, pregnancy, prolonged treatment with calcium‐channel blockers, diabetic neuropathy or a known allergy to magnesium compounds. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were allocated randomly to either the magnesium group (a magnesium infusion of 30 mg kg in the first hour followed by 9 mg kg h until the end of the surgical procedure) or the control group (0.9% saline at the same volume and rate). Hypotensive anaesthesia was induced by nitroglycerine 5 to 20 μg kg min. In the postanaesthetic care unit (PACU), patients were assessed for agitation and pain using the Richmond agitation‐sedation scale and numerical rating scale, respectively. PRIMARY OUTCOME: The incidence and severity of agitation measured 5 min after admission to the PACU. RESULTS: Magnesium reduced postoperative agitation at time 0 (P = 0.009) and 5, 10, 15 and 30 min after PACU admission (P < 0.0001) as well as total agitation score [3 (0 to 6) versus 9 (0 to 12), P < 0.0001]. Magnesium also reduced pain [4.5 (4 to 5) versus 6 (5 to 6.25), P < 0.0001] and length of PACU stay (88 ± 23 versus 111 ± 31 min, P < 0.0001). The magnesium group consumed less pethidine in PACU compared with the control group (43 ± 15 and 59 ± 19 mg, respectively, P < 0.0001). The intraoperative end‐tidal CO2 tension was comparable between groups (4.7 ± 0.7 versus 4.8 ± 1.2 kPa). CONCLUSION: Intraoperative infusion of magnesium in patients undergoing endoscopic sinus surgery reduced postoperative agitation, pethidine consumption and pain assessed in the PACU. It also decreased the length of stay in PACU compared with the control group. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The current study was registered according to WHO and ICMJE standards on 7 January 2014, under registration number PACTR 201402000737691.
 An evaluation of the efficacy of a "Home Base Exercise" program in clinical signs and hormonal and metabolic profile in patients with Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS); a Randomized Clinical Trial;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Home Base Exercise program / Aerobic (at least 5 days, 30 minites each) and Resistance exercise (3 days), for 3 months Intervention 1: Home Base Exercise program / Aerobic (at least 5 days, 30 minites each) and Resistance exercise (3 days), for 3 months. Intervention 2: No exercise in control group, general consultation only. Lifestyle No exercise in control group, general consultation only CONDITION: Polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Sclerocystic ovary syndrome Stein‐Leventhal syndrome Sclerocystic ovary syndrome Stein‐Leventhal syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: 17(oh)Progestron. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: radioimmunoassays (RIA). Blood pressure. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: BP calculator. BMI. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: weight/height* height. Change in weight. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: weight calculator. Cholestrol. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: commercial kits. FBS. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: Glucose oxidase method. HDL. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: commercial kits. HsCRP. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: commercial kits. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: FBS/INsulin. Insulin. Timepoint: befor intervention,3 mounth. Method of measurement: immunoassay enzyme. Prolactin. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: radioimmuno assay. Testostrone. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: radioimmunoassays (RIA). TG. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: commerial kits. TSH. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: radioimmunoassays (RIA). Waist to hip ratio. Timepoint: before and 3 mounth after intervention. Method of measurement: waist to hip ratio. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Cardiovascular effect. Timepoint: before intervention and 3 months after intervention. Method of measurement: hsCRP. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Definite diagnosis of poly cystic ovary Exclusion criteria: BMI>35kg/m2, Cancer, Metabolic Diseases (FBS>126mg/dl, Endocrine diseases, Hepatic, renal or cardiovascular diseases, Drugs (OCP, Glucocorticoids, Anti‐androgens, Anti‐Diabetics), Cigarette smoking, Alcohol consumption, pregnancy and failure to follow‐up
 The Comparison of the Effect of Eccentric and Concentric Exercises to improve Function, Balance and Muscle Strength in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis;  INTERVENTION: 30 minutes walking on treadmill with negative slope (Eccentric group), 3 times a week, 4 weeks 30 minutes walking on treadmill with Positive slope (Concentric group), 3 times in a week, 4 weeks Intervention 1: 30 minutes walking on treadmill with Positive slope (Concentric group), 3 times in a week, 4 weeks. Intervention 2: 30 minutes walking on treadmill with negative slope (Eccentric group), 3 times a week, 4 weeks. Rehabilitation CONDITION: Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system Multiple sclerosis. ; Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system PRIMARY OUTCOME: Dynamic Balance Index. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By Biodex Balance System. Maximum isometric torque of hamstring muscles. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By Biodex Isokinetic Device 4Pro. Maximum isometric torque of quadriceps muscles. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By Biodex Isokinetic Device 4Pro. Static Balance Index. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By Biodex Balance System. Timed 25 Foot Walk. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By chronometer. Timed Get‐up and Go. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By Chronometer. Two‐Minute Walk. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: By meter. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Ability rate. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and aslo after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: Rivermead Mobility Index (RMI). Disability Rate. Timepoint: Before and after intervention and also after 4 weeks follow‐up. Method of measurement: Guy’s Neurological Disability Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Multiple Sclerosis patients with ability to walk 10 meter in a less than 1 minute (with or without aim) exclusion Criteria: Sever decrease of functional ability during last year; Pregnancy; Corticosteroid treatment during last month, Sever Psychological condition, Any conditions cause to prevent mild or moderate sport activities; regular sport activity twice a week for more than 10 minutes in each session; simultaneously present another medical condition such as diabetic; lower limb arthritis; unstable cardiovascular conditions that cause noncooperation of subject during intervention
 An economic analysis of the Atorvastatin Comparative Cholesterol Efficacy and Safety Study (ACCESS);  INTRODUCTION: The objective of the Atorvastatin Comparative Cholesterol Efficacy and Safety Study (ACCESS) was to compare the efficacy and safety of the five 3‐hydroxy‐3‐methylglutaryl‐coenzyme A (HMG‐CoA) reductase inhibitors in a randomised, controlled, yet large‐scale study. ACCESS also produced data that permitted comparative analysis of the cost to achieve National Cholesterol Education Panel (NCEP) II low density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (LDL‐C) targets. STUDY DESIGN: A 54‐week, multicentre, open‐label, randomised, parallel‐arm, active‐control study in men and women with or without documented coronary heart disease or peripheral vascular disease. Data included medication use, clinic visits, adverse events, LDL‐C and other laboratory measures. Analyses of resource use and cost are reported from a third‐party payer perspective. METHODS: Patients were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: atorvastatin (10‐80 mg/day); fluvastatin (20‐40 mg/day, or 40 mg twice daily); lovastatin (20‐40 mg/day, or 40 mg twice daily); pravastatin (10‐40 mg/day); or simvastatin (10‐40 mg/day). Patients were started at the lowest available dose and titrated to higher doses at 6‐week intervals until they achieved the NCEP II LDL‐C target or reached the highest available dose of medication. PATIENTS: A total of 153 centres enrolled 3887 patients: atorvastatin (n = 1944); fluvastatin (n = 493); lovastatin (n = 494); pravastatin (n = 478); and simvastatin (n = 478). Inclusion criteria included LDL‐C >or= 30 mg/dL higher than NCEP II LDL‐C target (stratified by risk factors), fasting triglyceride values < 400 mg/dL, and a confirmed negative serum pregnancy test. Known hypersensitivity to statins, use of prohibited medications, uncontrolled diabetes, acute liver disease and age > 80 years or < 18 years were among the exclusion criteria. RESULTS: Mean total treatment costs to reach LDL‐C targets for patients receiving atorvastatin (US dollars 683.37 in 2001) were significantly less than mean total treatment costs for patients receiving fluvastatin (difference = US dollars 211.35, p < 0.01), lovastatin (US dollars 607.96, p < 0.01), pravastatin (US dollars 424.60, p < 0.01) and simvastatin (US dollars 95.74, p < 0.01). Results were robust to sensitivity analyses using alternative definitions of the patient population (randomised, intent‐to‐treat, completers) and cost measures (50th percentile charges, 95th percentile charges, Medicare prices). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the other statins studied, atorvastatin was associated with the lowest resource use and costs when used to treat patients to their NCEP II LDL‐C targets. Atorvastatin was also associated with the highest percentage of patients achieving their desired clinical outcomes. Therefore, in cost‐effectiveness terms, it dominated the four other statins.
 Comparison of resveratrol supplementation and calorie restriction diet effects on nutritional and metabolic status in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention1: calorie restriction diet for 3 months. Intervention 2: Intervention 2: 2 capsules daily each contains 300 mg of trans resveratrol for 3 months. Intervention 3: placebo: 2 capsules daily each contains 300 mg of starch for 3 months. Intervention 2: 2 capsules daily each contains 300 mg of trans resveratrol for 3 months Intervention1: calorie restriction diet for 3 months Lifestyle Placebo placebo: 2 capsules daily each contains 300 mg of starch for 3 months Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Added at 2016‐11‐15: hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Added at 2016‐11‐15: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2016‐11‐15: Imonotorbidometry. Added at 2016‐11‐15: Plasminogen activator inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1. Timepoint: Added at 2016‐11‐15: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2016‐11‐15: ELISA. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Biochemical. Fibroblast growth factor‐21. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR. Insulin. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Lipid profile (TC, TG, LDL‐C, HDL‐C, APO‐A1, APO‐B). Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Biochemical. Liver echogenicity. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Sonographic findings. Liver enzymes (ALT, AST, GGT, ALP). Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Oxidative status (TAC, MDA, GPx, SOD, Ox‐LDL). Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Biochemical. Sirtuin‐1. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Anthropometric measurements (BMI, WHR, WC). Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Secca scale, non stretch meter. Energy and nutrient intake. Timepoint: Baseline, end of week 6 and after the intervention. Method of measurement: 3‐day food record questionnaire. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Baseline and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Manometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 20 to 60 years from both gender; diagnosed with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease based on liver Ultrasonography; BMI=25‐35; willingness to participate in the study. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy; breast feeding and postmenopausal women; professional athletes; smoking; alcohol consumption; following weight‐reducing diet 3 months prior to the study; known liver disease (viral/etc.); inherited disorders affecting the liver; history of diagnosed cardiovascular, kidney, diabetes, gastrointestinal, pulmonary and autoimmune diseases, thyroid dysfunction and active cancer; recent surgery; use of medications such as corticosteroids, hepatotoxic drugs, hormonal drugs (such as oral contraceptive and/or estrogens), antidepressants and psychotropic medications, anticoagulant drugs, oral anti‐diabetic and lipid‐lowering drugs. Receiving any kinds of supplements 3 months prior to the study.
 Effect of diet and exercise program to improve polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS);  INTERVENTION: Experimental group: Diet and exercise program Diet plan: at the beginning of study a check list prepared for each individual and weekly regimen recommended separately based on feeding patterns and individual facilities. The method of regimen calculation based on total energy for each individual (TEE). We set the countable energy for reducing weight 1000 grams per week. Reduced the amount of energy and some energy into the physical activity to lose weight fraction are obtained. The combination of energy, including 40% carbohydrate, 30% fat (less than 8% saturated fatty acids was) and 30% protein is high physiological value. Fitness program: exercise sessions that included 24 meeting which duration per session was variable according to the program. For improving aerobic energy system and strengthen cardiovascular system a series exercises (slow jogging) will be used. At the beginning of the first practice sessions will be used slow intensity aerobic exercise. The first training se For controls group: The standard drugs Diane: from fifth Day of cycle for 21 days every night, once a day Spironolactone: 25 mg twice a day Intervention 1: Experimental group: Diet and exercise program Diet plan: at the beginning of study a check list prepared for each individual and weekly regimen recommended separately based on feeding patterns and individual facilities. The method of regimen calculation based on total energy for each individual (TEE). We set the countable energy for reducing weight 1000 grams per week. Reduced the amount of energy and some energy into the physical activity to lose weight fraction are obtained. The combination of energy, including 40% carbohydrate, 30% fat (less than 8% saturated fatty acids was) and 30% protein is high physiological value. Fitness program: exercise sessions that included 24 meeting which duration per session was variable according to the program. For improving aerobic energy system and strengthen cardiovascular system a series exercises (slow jogging) will be used. At the beginning of the first practice sessions will be used slow intensity aerobic exercise. The first training sessions with 5 minutes of times, and 50 percent of maximum heart rate of cholera in the form alternating between resting half the time repeating the exercise. In each session we were trying to follow the principle of overload for improving cardiovascular efficiency. In higher stages (after the fifth session) of the repetition of exercises with some 60 percent of maximum heart rate is achieved. Of the ninth session, training intensity reaches to 70 percent of maximum heart rate and in last sessions with 80 percent maximum heart rate do their exercise. In each session, subjects in the first 10 minutes to warm the body and also the final 10 minutes of cooling down exercises and return to the initial state. Intervention 2: For controls group: The standard drugs Diane: from fifth Day of cycle for 21 days every night, once a day Spironolactone: 25 mg twice a day. Lifestyle Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases(E00‐E90) polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases(E00‐E90) INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Exclusion criteria: PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body mass index(BMI). Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: By measuring the height (m) and weight (kg). Hirsutism. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Using Friedman and Galway scale. Oligomenorrhea. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Considering the menstrual cycle (irregular bleeding episodes with intervals of more than 35 days). Ovary status. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: using abdominal ultrasound. Serum Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulphate (DHEAS). Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG). Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum testosterone(total & free). Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum FSH. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum LH. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum Progestron. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum prolactin. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum stradiol. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum T3. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum T4. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. Serum TSH. Timepoint: Before intervention ‐ three months after intervention. Method of measurement: Serological test with Electro Komolomynsans method with using of the company's ROCHE kits. 1‐ Participants have body mass index= 25 kg/ m2; 2‐ All Participants treat with same dose of oral contraceptives pill and spirnolacton; 3‐ All Participants have menstrual pattern as oligomenorrhea (irregular bleeding episodes with intervals occur more than 35 days); 4‐ All Participants have suffered some degree of hirsutism. 1‐ Use of any drug other than the standard drug for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome, which is the same for everyone. (Including drugs to treat infertility, diabetes, hormonal drugs, reduce appetite and etc); 2‐ Smoking; 3‐ Being in pregnancy and lactation period or pregnancy decision; 4‐ Having cardiovascular, renal, liver, respiratory diseases, diabetes, uncontrolled hypertension, malignancy or any other acute or chronic disease; 5‐ Prohibition of the exercise due to illness or any other cause according to physician order; 6‐ Participating in regular exercise before the start o
 Increasing Treatment for Obesity Among Underserved Populations;  This study will use a Sequential Multiple Assignment Randomized Trial (SMART) Design, which will allow participants to address questions like those of traditional factorial design and assess dynamic treatment regimens to inform the development of adaptive interventions. An adaptive intervention contains a sequence of individually tailored decision rules that specify the intensity or type of intervention at critical points in the delivery of care. Modifying intensity or type of intervention over time can improve outcomes if an individual is not responding, or may reduce costs and patient burden if more resource intensive treatment is not necessary. As such, the proposed SMART design informs the development of adaptive and stepped care interventions, and the reduction in patient burden is particularly important to ensure that the interventions are as patient centered as possible. The first randomization is a patient‐level randomization to text messaging (single) versus text messaging (multiple) among eligible patients. The second randomization is a patient‐level randomization to Motivation And Problem Solving (MAPS) coaching vs. no MAPS among the remaining patients in the text message conditions who do not enroll in the EBI. The primary outcome for this study is enrollment in an online EBI for obesity. IncentaHEALTH provides EBIs for obesity to the University of Utah Health system, either the Diabetes Prevention Program or Lifestyle Change Program. Their online Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) is fully recognized by CDC. Study Design: To identify the cohort for the intervention, patient data will be extracted from the University of Utah EHR. Data fields will include variables such as age, gender, body mass index, pregnancy status, medical codes (e.g., ICD‐10 for Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes), patient demographics (e.g., zip code, insurance status, preferred language, race/ethnicity); as well as contact information for text messaging and patient navigation. Patients who fit within the inclusion/exclusion criteria will be randomly selected and assigned to the conditions described below. This study will take place in two Stages spanning a 6‐12 month period. In Stage 1 (0 ‐ 12 weeks), participants will be randomized to one of two conditions: Text Messaging 1 (Single text; hereafter referred to as TM1), or Text Messaging Plus (Multiple texts; hereafter referred to as TM+). The study team will use a 1:1 randomization ratio (TM1: TM+). Prior to being contacted via text message, participants in the TM1 and TM+ conditions will receive an e‐mail informing participants that they will be receiving communications from The University of Utah Health about the availability of a healthy lifestyle program. The e‐mail will provide patients with information about how they can opt‐out if they do not wish to receive these communications. Patients who do not have a valid e‐mail address on file will be contacted via mail with instructions regarding how to opt‐out. Patients in the TM1 condition will receive one HIPAA‐compliant bidirectional text message with the option to reply "yes" or opt out. The text will include a brief motivational message including information about DPP eligibility and the opportunity to enroll. Patients who reply "yes" will be contacted by IncentaHEALTH to enroll in the DPP or a similar lifestyle change program, depending on patient eligibility. Patients who enroll or opt out of receiving text messages will not be contacted again. Patients in the TM+ condition will receive a HIPAA‐compliant bidirectional text message weekly for the first 2 weeks and then every three weeks through week 12. Patients will receive text messages until they opt‐out or reply "yes" to enroll. The text will include a brief motivational message including information about DPP eligibility and opportunity to enroll. Patients who reply "yes" will be contacted by IncentaHEALTH to enroll in the DPP or a similar lifestyle change program, depending on patient eligibility. Patients who enroll or opt out of receiving text messages will not be contacted again. In Stage 2 of the study (weeks 13‐24), patients will be randomized as follows: Patients randomized to the TM1 condition in Stage 1 who did not respond to the single text message by 12 weeks (i.e., enroll in the EBI or opt out) will either be randomized to receive Motivational And Problem Solving (MAPS) counseling (TM1 & MAPS), or will not be contacted again (TM1 cont'd). Participants randomized to TM1 & MAPS will receive two MAPS calls during Stage 2. Patients randomized to the TM+ condition in Stage 1 who did not respond to the text messages by 12 weeks (i.e., enroll in the EBI or opt out) will be randomized either to receive continued (monthly) text messages and MAPS counseling (TM+ & MAPS) or continued (monthly) text messages only (TM+ cont'd). Participants randomized to TM+ & MAPS will receive two MAPS calls during Stage 2. Prior to being contacted by the MAPS counselors, participants randomized to the MAPS conditions in Stage 2 will receive one text message informing the participants that a MAPS counselor will call the participant about enrolling in a lifestyle change program. This text message will also provide participants with an opportunity to opt out from having a MAPS counselor call the participants. Text Messaging Intervention The study team will send bidirectional texts to patients. Text messages have been designed by the research team in consultation with the current research literature. All text messages will be sent using U Health's HIPAA compliant text messaging service, which has previously been utilized by our team. The text messaging service will retrieve the patient cohort from the study database to send the TMs to the patients. Every text message will include the option to opt out to cease receiving text messages at any time. Patients are routinely contacted by clinics via phone calls, emails, and text messages; therefore the text messages are not beyond the scope of routine care and correspondence. Text messages will include a motivational message, the Diabetes Prevention Program phone number, and a simple two‐touch response that directly connects interested patients to the Diabetes Prevention Program. Patients in the TM+ condition will be randomized to one of three types of motivational messages: 1) autonomy supportive motivational messaging; 2) directive motivational messaging; and 3) a combination of autonomy supportive and motivational messaging. Patients in the TM1 condition will be randomized to receive either an autonomy supportive message, or a directive motivational message. The two types of messages do not fundamentally alter the intervention and this will support exploratory analyses only. Motivation And Problem Solving (MAPS) Intervention MAPS is an empirically validated proactive coaching approach used to address barriers and motivate participants to engage in EBIs. Trained MAPS counselors will directly contact patients via secure telephone line to assess their motivation and provide counseling related to enrolling in the EBI. As with the text messages, patients can opt out of MAPS counseling at any time. University of Utah Health currently employs patient navigators and community health workers to perform patient navigation for various reasons (e.g., coordination of care, resource referral); therefore, patient navigation is not beyond the standard of care for patients. IncentaHEALTH EBIs for obesity IncentaHEALTH will triage interested patients into either online DPP or lifestyle change using a CDC risk assessment tool. Their lifestyle change program uses the same general components as the DPP. Both programs are designed to increase intake of fruits, vegetables, lean protein, and complex carbohydrates while monitoring portion size. Physical activity recommendations include cardiovascular and strength training, with a goal of approximately 30 minutes 5‐6 days/week. Both are offered in English and Spanish, based on social cognitive theory, and provide personalized health coaching. Both include a website, Bluetooth wireless scale for weight monitoring, daily email/text message support, video exercise plans, customized meal plans, grocery lists, and incorporate skill building, social accountability, and reinforcement. Participants have unlimited online access to Health Coaches, who have at least a Bachelor's degree and certifications in personal training, nutrition, or wellness.
 'Healthy living' and sulphonylurea therapy have different effects on glucose tolerance and risk factors for vascular disease in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance;  This study was undertaken to determine whether impaired glucose tolerance and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease can be improved with 'healthy living' by diet and exercise or with sulphonylurea therapy. Patients were recruited by screening subjects with either a family history of type II diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, or a previously raised plasma glucose (5.6‐6.6 mmol/l). Impaired glucose tolerance was defined as hyperglycaemia on two separate tests, an achieved glucose level after a glucose infusion test above the 90th percentile of an age‐matched normal population (> 9.3 mmol/l) or a fasting plasma glucose above the 95th percentile (> 5.6 mmol/l). Thirty‐seven subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were entered into a randomized, prospective study for 6 months with allocations to healthy living or double blind to sulphonylurea (gliclazide 40 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets. The study took place in an out‐patient setting, with three times weekly exercise sessions at a Sports Centre. After 6 months the placebo group showed no change in plasma glucose, cholesterol and blood pressure. The subjects receiving gliclazide showed improved glucose levels (mean fasting plasma glucose levels fell from 5.8 to 5.1 mmol/l, p < 0.05) but no significant change in plasma cholesterol or blood pressure. The healthy living group, after exclusion of four non‐compliant subjects, showed no change in glucose levels, but a decreased systolic blood pressure (fall in mean from 124 to 116 mmHg, p < 0.05) and plasma cholesterol levels (fall in mean from 5.2 to 4.5 mmol/l, p < 0.01). with an increase in HDL:LDL ratio (rise in mean from 0.39 to 0.46, p < 0.05). Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance may benefit in different ways from gliclazide and healthy living. The metabolic responses to each therapy may help to decrease the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
 The effect of vitamin D supplement on treatment and prevention of Coronary Heart Disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: vitamin d supplement, 50000 IU, 1 time per week for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: placebo, 50000 IU, 1 time per week for 8 weeks. placebo, 50000 IU, 1 time per week for 8 weeks Treatment ‐ Drugs vitamin d supplement, 50000 IU, 1 time per week for 8 weeks CONDITION: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, so described Coronary Heart Disease. ; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, so described PRIMARY OUTCOME: Heat Shock Protein 60. Timepoint: before and 2 month after intervention. Method of measurement: ng/ml by ELISA. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age 30 to 60 years; women and men with coronary heart disease ; Willingness to participate in research exclusion criteria: BMI >35 kg / m2; Vitamin D levels higher than 30 ng / ml; Disease (cancer, myocardial infarction, diabetes, liver problems and kidney); Drugs using out of treatment protocol; Using oral and injectable nutritional supplements for at least the last 4 months (vitamins D, C, E, calcium, magnesium, potassium and multivitamins, omega‐3); Using any herbal remedies; Consumption any foods fortified with vitamin D; pregnancy and lactation; Smoking; Alcohol consumption withdraw criteria: Consume less than 7 tablets of 8 tablet at the end of the study ; The occurrence of any event that may affect the health; Any acute illness during the study; Unwillingness to continue cooperation in research SECONDARY OUTCOME: 25(OH)D3. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: nmol/l by ELISA. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: mmHg by Mercury manometers. Body mass index. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: kg/m2 by Calculate the ratio of the weight by the square of height. Dietary calcium intake. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: mg/day by 24 hour recall questionnaire. Dietary vitamin d intake. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: unit/day by 24 hour recall questionnaire. Energy intake. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: kcal/day by 24 hour recall questionnaire. High Density Lipoprotein (HDL). Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl by Biochemical auto analyzer. Interleukin‐17 (IL‐17). Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: pg/ml by ELISA. Level of physical activity. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: According to three conditions: light, medium and intense physical activity by 7 days questionnaire. Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL). Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl by Biochemical auto analyzer. Muscle mass and body fat percentage. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: percentage by Beurer devices. Physical Activity. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: According to MET‐minutes / week by 7 days questionnaire of physical activity. Pro‐oxidant‐ antioxidant balance. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: HK‐unit by Photometric method. Prothrombin hormone (PTH). Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: pg/ml by ELISA. Sun exposure. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: According to time (minutes) per day using 24 hour recall questionnaire. Total cholesterol. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl by Biochemical auto analyzer. Triglyceride. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: mg/dl by Biochemical auto analyzer. Tumor Necrosis Factor‐a (TNF‐a). Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: pg/ml by ELISA. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: cm by metre. Weight. Timepoint: Before and two months after intervention. Method of measurement: kg by Digital scale.
 the effect of soy on sex hormone of poly cystic ovary syndrome;  INTERVENTION: This study was type of crossover, randomized clinical trial is based on soy bread effectiveness in improving the sex hormone in women with polycystic ovary syndrome is a balanced diet. Inclusion criteria: polycystic ovary syndrome, lack of thyroid disease, metabolic disorders, lack of hormone therapy, women of childbearing age 18‐35 years. Exclusion criteria: medical problems like hyperthyroidism and hypothyroidism, kidney or liver problems. In this study, 56 women with PCOS were enrolled Shahid Motahari clinic patients were randomly assigned to two groups of 28 people and both groups were tested on day 3‐5 of menstrual cycle hormones (estradiol, testosterone, dehydro epiandrostandion, follicular stimulating hormone, sex hormone‐binding protein and Luteinizing hormone) did. Then a soy bread (70 g soy, 40 g wheat) bread and other group consumed their usual two months at the end of the two month in 3‐5 days of period, both groups again did hormone testing and food intake between the two This study was type of crossover, randomized clinical trial is based on soy bread effectiveness in improving the sex hormone in women with polycystic ovary syndrome is a balanced diet. Inclusion criteria: polycystic ovary syndrome, lack of thyroid disease, metabolic disorders, lack of hormone therapy, women of childbearing age 18‐35 years. Exclusion criteria: medical problems like hyperthyroidism and hypothyroidism, kidney or liver problems. In this study, 56 women with PCOS were enrolled Shahid Motahari clinic patients were randomly assigned to two groups of 28 people and both groups were tested on day 3‐5 of menstrual cycle hormones (estradiol, testosterone, dehydro epiandrostandion, follicular stimulating hormone, sex hormone‐binding protein and Luteinizing hormone) did. Then a soy bread (70 g soy, 40 g wheat) bread and other group consumed their usual two months at the end of the two month in 3‐5 days of period, both groups again did hormone testing and food intake between the two groups of displaced And the first group as their control consumption wheat bread, And the second group as their control consumption soy bread for two months and again at 3‐5 days of the menstrual cycle were tested.. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome polycystic ovarian syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome PRIMARY OUTCOME: Sex hormon. Timepoint: 3‐5 days a month baseline period from the start of the second and fourth. Method of measurement: Laboratory Kit. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1 ‐ polycystic ovarian syndrome, the doctor confirmed cases with a history of thyroid disease, metabolic, cardiovascular, renal and adrenal and liver are women of childbearing age (18 to 35 years);Women who are pregnant or lactating, and not smoking.; Non‐hormonal drugs like meth and pills Fvrmyn the last three months of pregnancy.Exclusion criteria: diabetes type 1 or 2.; Brvzmshkl medically as hyperthyroidism and hypothyroidism, adrenal hyperplasia, kidney and liver problems, not wanting to cooperate.
 A UK Interventional Trial in Premature Infants With Apnea of Prematurity Using a Simple, Non-invasive Vibratory Device to Study the Effectiveness in Supporting Breathing and General Stability;  Aim: To study the effect of (WAVE Device) limb proprioceptive stimulation using a vibratory device on AoP events, intermittent hypoxic episodes (SpO2≤85%) and bradycardias(≤100bpm) in a premature infant with confirmed clinical diagnosis of apnea of prematurity (AoP). The objective of the WAVE device is to provide an adjunct to current care to provide support in apnea of prematurity (AOP). Recurrent apnea and accompanying resultant intermittent hypoxic (IH) episodes are significant concerns commonly encountered in premature infants, and optimal management is a challenge to neonatologists. AoP is defined as >20s breathing pause OR breathing pause of 10‐20sec with clinical signs of Bradycardia (≤100bpm) and/or desaturation (≤85% SpO2) in infants born less than 37 weeks of gestation. When these pauses are longer (> 20s), they are frequently prolonged by obstructed inspiratory efforts, most likely secondary to loss of upper airway tonic activity. In extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants, the incidence of IH progressively increases over the first 4 weeks of postnatal life, followed by a plateau and subsequent decline between 6‐8 weeks. The incidence of AOP correlates inversely with gestational age and birth weight. Nearly all infants born <29 weeks gestation or <1,000 g, 54% at 30 to 31 weeks, 15% at 32 to 33 weeks, and 7% at 34 to 35 weeks gestation exhibit AOP (2). Both animal and human evidence show that immature or impaired respiratory control and the resultant IH exposure contribute to a variety of pathophysiologic issues via pro‐inflammatory and/or pro‐oxidant cascade as well as cellular mechanisms, e.g., apoptosis, leading to acute and chronic morbidities (e.g. retinopathy of prematurity, altered growth and cardiovascular regulation, disrupting zinc homeostasis which hampers insulin production and there by predisposing to diabetes in later life, cerebellar injuries and neurodevelopmental disabilities). Current standard of care for AOP includes prone positioning, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) or nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV) to prevent pharyngeal collapse and alveolar atelectasis, and methylxanthine therapy (caffeine, theophylline), which is the mainstay of treatment of central apnea. Apart from prone positioning, none of these interventions are optimal for early development. CPAP masks will distort the bony facial structure in early development, and methylxanthine interventions pose serious questions of neural development interactions.
 Non-invasive Intervention for Apnea of Prematurity;  Aim: To study the effect of limb proprioceptive stimulation using a vibratory device on apneic events, intermittent hypoxic episodes and bradycardias in a premature infant with apnea of prematurity. The objective is to provide support and to assist impaired ventilation and oxygenation in apnea of prematurity (AOP). Recurrent apnea and accompanying resultant intermittent hypoxic (IH) episodes are significant concerns commonly encountered in premature infants, and optimal management is a challenge to neonatologists. AOP is defined as "a pause of breathing for more than 15‐20 seconds or accompanied by oxygen desaturation (SpO2<80% for>4s) and bradycardia (heart rate<2/3 of baseline for>4s), in infants born less than 37 weeks of gestation [Moriette G et al., 2010]. When these pauses are longer (> 15s), they are frequently prolonged by obstructed inspiratory efforts, most likely secondary to loss of upper airway tonic activity [Martin RJ et al., 2012]. In extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants, the incidence of IH progressively increases over the first 4 weeks of postnatal life, followed by a plateau and subsequent decline between 6‐8 weeks. The incidence of AOP correlates inversely with gestational age and birth weight. Nearly all infants born <29 weeks gestation or <1,000 g [Robertson CM et al., 2009], 54% at 30 to 31 weeks, 15% at 32 to 33 weeks, and 7% at 34 to 35 weeks gestation exhibit AOP [Martin RJ et al]. Both animal and human evidence show that immature or impaired respiratory control and the resultant IH exposure contribute to a variety of pathophysiologic issues via pro‐inflammatory and/or pro‐oxidant cascade as well as cellular mechanisms, e.g., apoptosis, leading to acute and chronic morbidities (e.g. retinopathy of prematurity, altered growth and cardiovascular regulation, disrupting zinc homeostasis which hampers insulin production and there by predisposing to diabetes in later life, cerebellar injuries and neurodevelopmental disabilities) [Martin RJ et al., 2004, Pae EK et al., 2011, 2014, ]. Current standard of care for AOP includes prone positioning, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) or nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation (NIPPV) to prevent pharyngeal collapse and alveolar atelectasis, and methylxanthine therapy (caffeine, theophylline), which is the mainstay of treatment of central apnea [Reher et al., 2008; Pantalitschka T et al., 2009; Moretti C et al., 2012; Henderson‐Smart DJ et al., 2010]. Apart from prone positioning, none of these interventions are optimal for early development. CPAP masks will distort the bony facial structure in early development, and methylxanthine interventions pose serious questions of neural development interactions. Hypothesis: Applying slight vibration to the limbs will reduce the number of breathing pauses, intermittent hypoxic episodes and bradycardias in apnea of prematurity.
 Does extension of remote ischemic preconditioning have cardioprotective effect on patients underwent CABG surgeries?;  INTERVENTION: A blood pressure cuff on the upper arm and the second cuff on the thigh will be applied. In Group I, upper arm tourniquet cuff will be inflated rapidly to 100 mmHg over the initial systolic blood pressure for 5 minutes then will be deflated for 5 minutes and we will repeat this process three times. In group II when the upper limb cuff is deflated the lower limb cuff will be inflated and vice versa. In the third group, or control group, none of the cuffs will be inflated. Intervention 1: A blood pressure cuff on the upper arm and the second cuff on the thigh will be applied. In Group I, upper arm tourniquet cuff will be inflated rapidly to 100 mmHg over the initial systolic blood pressure for 5 minutes then will be deflated for 5 minutes and we will repeat this process three times. Intervention 2: In group II when the upper limb cuff is deflated the lower limb cuff will be inflated and vice versa. Intervention 3: In the third group, or control group, none of the cuffs will be inflated. Prevention CONDITION: Coranary artery bypass graft. ; Unspecified complication of cardiac and vascular prosthetic device, implant and graft Unspecified complication of cardiac and vascular prosthetic device, implant and graft PRIMARY OUTCOME: Troponin I. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia , 6 hours after operation , the first day after surgery , the second day after surgery. Method of measurement: Chemiluminescence Test for Blood. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Arrhythmia after declamping aorta, and during discontinuation of cardiopulmonary bypass. Timepoint: In operating room during discontinuation of cardiopulmonary bypass. Method of measurement: Monitoring and observation. BUN. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia. 6 hours after operation. First, second and third post operative day. Method of measurement: Blood serum,chemical u.v serum analysis. Ckmb. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia. 6 hours after operation. First, second and third post operative day. Method of measurement: blood chemical IFCC‐DGKC Photometry. Createnine. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia. 6 hours after operation. First, second and third post operative day. Method of measurement: blood ,jaffe analysis. Duration of inotrop usage. Timepoint: From time to 3 days after discontinuation of cardiopulmonary bypass surgery. Method of measurement: Monitor and measure time. Hb/Hct. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia. after disconection of cardiopulmonary pump. First, second and third post operative day. Method of measurement: analyze hemolyzed blood using spectrophotometric detection. K. Timepoint: Before induction of anesthesia. 6 hours after operation. First, second and third post operative day. Method of measurement: Ion‐ selective electrodes analysis. Type and dose  of inotrop required. Timepoint: During discontinuation of cardiopulmonary bypass. Method of measurement: Type and dose  of drug. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients with coronary artery disease requiring bypass surgery (preoperative troponin I level< 0.03 ng/m), referred to Namazi hospital. Exclusion criteria: Patients with a positive history of Numbness, Claudication or motor problems in hands and feet; Patients with Acute unstable angina, actvie lung, liver and kidney disorders; Patients with endocrine problems including insulin dependent diabetes, thyroid and adrenal glands insufficiency; Patients with a positive history of myocardial infarction in the past four weeks; Patients with preoperative systemic hypotension with systolic blood pressure below 90 mmHg or EF less than 30%; Patients with collagen diseases, cardiovascular disease and advanced carotid disease; Pregnancy; Cardiogenic shock or cardiac arrest; Clear liver problem (INR> 2); Renal failure (Cr> 1.7).
 The effect of vitamin D supplementation on liver fibrosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group will receive daily 1 tablets of vitamin D with meal for 12 weeks. Vitamin D tablets will be purchased from the Pars minoo Company. All the patients will be monitored for consumption of tablets by daily checklists and recall messages. Intervention 2: The control group will receive daily 1 tablets of placebo with meal for 12 weeks. placebo tablets will be purchased from the Pars minoo Company. All the patients will be monitored for consumption of tablets by daily checklists and recall messages. Intervention group will receive daily 1 tablets of vitamin D with meal for 12 weeks. Vitamin D tablets will be purchased from the Pars minoo Company. All the patients will be monitored for consumption of tablets by daily checklists and recall messages. Placebo The control group will receive daily 1 tablets of placebo with meal for 12 weeks. placebo tablets will be purchased from the Pars minoo Company. All the patients will be monitored for consumption of tablets by daily checklists and recall messages. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non‐alcoholic fatty liver. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Collagen type 4. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. Hyaluronic acid. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. Laminin. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. MiR‐122. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Real‐time PCR. MiR‐21. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Real‐time PCR. MiR‐34a. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Real‐time PCR. Vitamin D receptor. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. SECONDARY OUTCOME: ALT. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. Anthropometric index(weight, height,WHR and Body Mass Index). Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Analogue scale for weight, height, WHR and weight(Kg)/Square Height for body mass index. AST. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. Fasting blood glucose. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric. Fasting insulin serum. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR calculation. Insulin sensitivity. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: QUICKI calculation. Lipid profiles (TC, TG, LDL‐C, HDL‐C). Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic methods for TC,TG and HDL‐C For LDL‐C : Freidwald’s formula: LDL‐C = TC‐ HDL‐C ‐ (TG/5). Nutritional status (calorie and nutrients intake). Timepoint: Every 2 weeks during the intervention. Method of measurement: Food record questionnaire. Physical activity. Timepoint: Every 2 weeks during the intervention. Method of measurement: International Physical Activity questionnaire. PTH. Timepoint: Baseline and 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA assay. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria consists of: age between 20 and 60 years old, non‐ alcoholic fatty liver disease diagnosed by a radiologist and hepatologist using ultrasonography into one of three categories (grade 2 or 3); vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency and Exclusion criteria are: alcohol and tobacco consumption; Pregnancy; lactation; history of viral hepatitis, acute or chronic liver failure; cholestasis; liver transplantation; habitual abuse of nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs; antibiotics; anti‐secretory drugs cause achlorhydria within 9 months before the study; Corticosteroids; using hormonal drugs such as estrogen; hereditary hemochromatosis and Wilson disease; alpha‐1 antitrypsin deficiency; diabetes; history of heart failure; kidney disease and kidney stones; malignancy or neoplasia; consumption of vitamin D or antioxidants supplements and weight loss during past 3 month; weight loss surgery during past year; being pregnant; consumption of antioxidants supplem
 " effects of Olive Oil in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients";  INTERVENTION: control group :( not application )20% of total daily energy requirement from usual daily consumption of oil for 12 weeks Intervention 1: intervention group :Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 20% of total daily energy requirement olive will be replaced with usual daily consumption of oil for every patients for 12 weeks. Intervention 2: control group :( not application )20% of total daily energy requirement from usual daily consumption of oil for 12 weeks. intervention group :Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 20% of total daily energy requirement olive will be replaced with usual daily consumption of oil for every patients for 12 weeks Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Fatty ( change of ) liver , not elsewhere classified non‐alcoholic fatty liver. ; Fatty ( change of ) liver , not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Serum ALT. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: IFCC,IU/D. Sserum AST. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: IFCC,IU/D. Steatosis severity. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: Sonography. SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: calculation,Kg / m2. Fasting insulin. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: Immunoassay radiometer,?U / ml. Fasting TG. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: enzymetic method , mg / dl. FastingGlucose. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: Colorimetric method.mg / dl. HDL ‐ C. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: enzymetic method , mg / dl. Insulin resistance. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: calculation. LDL ‐ C. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: enzymetic method , mg / dl. Percent body weight. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: Caliper, percent. TNF a. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: ELISA5,Pg/L. Total cholestrol. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: enzymetic method , mg / dl. Waist circumference. Timepoint: BEFORE AND END OF INTERVENTION. Method of measurement: TAPE , Cm. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: signing written informed consent, age between 20and 60, diagnosis of non‐alcoholic fatty liver disease by fatty infiltration on ultrasound and abnormal serum liver function tests (AST or ALT>30 u/l in men and >20 in women), no smoking, BMI between 25 to 35, no pregnancy or lactation, no use of dietary supplements 2 month prior to enrollment, not having diabetes, , acute heart disease, , other form of liver disease (viral or autoimmune hepatitis, metabolic and hereditary liver disease), no usual use of Olive Oil in dietary pattern, no use of drugs that induces steatosis (amidarone, methotrexate, systemic glucocorticoid, tetracycline, tamoxifen, estrogen, anabolic steroids, valporic acid) , no use of Lipid lowering drugs . Exclusion Criteria: those who are not interested in participating in the study, start using drugs affecting liver functiont, failure to complete or correct use of Olive Oil according to the instruction given , change in recomme
 Comparing the effects of biofeedback and brain stimulation treatments on pelvic floor muscle function in women with urinary incontinence;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Control group: This group receives only routine exercises to strengthen the pelvic floor muscles, each session is 30 minutes and is divided into three parts: 1) Sustained contractions: Patients complete pelvic muscle contraction for 6‐10 seconds each time, then start the next contraction after 10 seconds rest, 8‐10 repetitions per set, 1‐2 sets per session. 2)Phasic contractions: Patients complete pelvic muscle contraction for 2‐5 seconds each time, then rest, rest time is twice the contraction time, 10 repetitions per set, 1‐3 sets per session. 3) Guided training: Patients are asked to simulate activities such as coughing, sneezing while contracting the pelvic floor muscles. Treatment sessions will be held in 3 sessions per week for a total period of 3 weeks. Intervention 2: First intervention group: Pelvic floor muscle strengthening exercises with biofeedback : The treatment program includes 9 sessions of combined pelvic floor rehabilitation, that is, the combination of electromyographic biofeedback and progressive exercises of the pelvic floor muscles, will be used as a therapeutic exercise program. Biofeedback takes 15 minutes. A special vaginal probe of Leukoplast combination, which is the same for all patients, will be used for electromyographic biofeedback applications. Each probe will be unique to the patient. The patient will be given the necessary training to train the pelvic floor muscles alone and using vaginal cones in treatment sessions. According to the Kegel treatment protocol, 300 contractions are performed daily. Contraction of the pelvic floor by maintaining the vaginal cone while standing, lying down, sitting and going up and down the stairs as well as running will be done gradually at home with daily progress. Each patient's in‐per CONDITION: N39.3 Urinary incontinence. ; Stress incontinence (female) (male) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Evaluation of urinary incontinence and vaginal symptoms. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention and one month after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Vaginal Symptoms Module questionnaire. The volume of urine loss. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention and one month after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: One hour pad test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Bladder displacement amount. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention and one month after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: Ultrasonography. Strength and endurance of pelvic floor muscles. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention and one month after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: Biofeedback. Strength and endurance of pelvic floor muscles. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention and one month after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: Manual assessment with the Oxford scale. Strength and endurance of pelvic floor muscles. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention and one month after the last treatment session. Method of measurement: Perineometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women aged 35 to 70 years with urinary incontinence as the main clinical complaint, without urgent symptoms Urine loss of more than 1 gram per hour should be confirmed by a one‐hour test pad The simultaneous presence of sexual disorders and impotence with urinary incontinence Absence of chronic degenerative diseases that affect muscle and nerve tissues Absence of any degree of pelvic organ prolapse (POP) Absence of active or recurrent urinary tract infections (UTIs) Absence of vulvovaginitis Absence of atrophic vaginitis Absence of copper IUD in the uterus Absence of pregnancy or childbirth less than 6 months Not suffering from diabetes, neurological disease, mental illness, and debilitating chronic diseases such as kidney failure and heart pacemakers. Absence of taking drugs that affect urination No history of surgical or drug treatment of SUI No history of abdominal and inguinal hernia No history of any surgery in the abdo
 Effect of Anti-Constipation Belt on patients with chronic constipation;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: intervention group, members will be treated by massage with Anti‐Constipation belt in addition to osmotic laxative. Massage therapy is about 8 sessions in average every 3.5 days. Every session will take about 20 minutes.The GSRS ( gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled For every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in the 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage sessions and one month after the end of the massage. Intervention 2: members of control group only will receive osmotic laxatives during this study and the GSRS (gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled for every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in 1st visit and then in 4th week and 8th week. intervention group, members will be treated by massage with Anti‐Constipation belt in addition to osmotic laxative. Massage therapy is about 8 sessions in average every 3.5 days. Every session will take about 20 minutes.The GSRS ( gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled For every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in the 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage sessions and one month after the end of the massage. members of control group only will receive osmotic laxatives during this study and the GSRS (gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled for every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in 1st visit and then in 4th week and 8th week. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: chronic constipation. ; Disease of digestive system, unspecified Disease of digestive system, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Constipation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questionnaire ( before, during and after of the massage session ). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Bloated Abdomen. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questonnaire ( before, during and after the massage session ). Diarrhea. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questonnaire ( before, during and after the massage session ). Gas Passage. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questonnaire ( before, during and after the massage session ). Hard stools defecation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questonnaire ( before, during and after the massage session ). Incompelete Defecation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questonnaire ( before, during and after the massage session ). Loose stools defecation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questonnaire ( before, during and after the massage session ). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Constipation in accordance with RomeII criteria; constipation dependent on laxatives. Exclusion criteria: Known intestinal cancer; recently undergone abdominal surgery ( 6 month ago) ; pregnancy; dementia diagnosis; diabetes; hypothyroidism; cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease; major depression disorder; abdominal hernia; severe back pain.
 Effect of an Anti-Oxidant Treatment on Resistin Serum Levels.A Randomized Study;  INTRODUCTION Background Resistin, a recently described adipokine, belonging to the cysteine‐rich secretory protein family, was originally described as an adipocyte‐derived polypeptide, that provides the link between obesity and insulin resistance in mice1‐2. However, resistin is expressed at very low concentrations in human adipose cells, whereas at high levels in mononuclear leukocytes, macrophages, spleen, bone marrow cells. The striking differences in the genomic organization and cellular source of resistin in rodents make the biological effects found in the mouse not readily transferable to humans3‐5. Accordingly, an increasing number of reports raised doubts regarding the possibility of an important relationship between human resistin and various metabolic disturbances, characteristic of obesity and type 2 diabetes4‐5. Resistin was originally found to be related to proteins induced during lung inflammation6, and the high expression levels of resistin in leukocytes, the associations between this protein and inflammatory markers, the property to stimulate in vivo inflammatory cytokines suggest the possibility that resistin may be involved in the inflammation process6. Data supporting the participation of resistin in oxidative processes have been sporadically published. A significant interaction among a single nucleotide polymorphism in the promoter of the human resistin gene and a marker of oxidative stress (NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase I) has been found7. Retinoic acid, the acid form of vitamin A, inhibited the expression of resistin in mice and reduced the higher resistin levels of ten males affected by psoriasis8. Resistin serum levels were inversely associated with nitrotyrosine (NT), a product of free radical activity9. A pilot‐analysis performed in five healthy volunteers showed that oral administration of vitamin C for 15 days determined a slight reduction in resistin serum levels. Aim The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether an in vivo treatment with an antioxidant vitamin (vitamin C) might substantially affect resistin serum levels. For this purpose, serum resistin values were evaluated in a group of healthy subjects, randomized to receive orally 2 g ascorbic acid for two weeks. Values of fasting glucose, insulin, total and HDL‐cholesterol, triglycerides, C‐reactive protein (CRP), and markers of oxidative stress were measured. STUDY DESIGN Two‐arms open prospective randomized study. Subjects Healthy volunteers aged 20‐50 years were recruited from the staff of the S.Giovanni Battista Hospital of Turin. Inclusion criteria were: age 20‐50 years, absence of known hyperglycemia, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, impaired renal function, liver disease, or any other systemic conditions, no use of any drug ‐estrogen included‐, not being on a particular diet and/or vitamin or other nutrient supplementation Exclusion criteria were: actual pregnancy, known hyperglycemia, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, impaired renal function, liver disease, or any other systemic conditions, use of any drug ‐estrogen included‐, being on a particular diet and/or vitamin or other nutrient supplementation; history of renal calculi. Randomization After a full baseline evaluation of all included subjects, they were stratified according to: 1. age, 2. sex, 3. smoking habits, 4. body mass index (BMI), 5. fasting blood levels of glucose, hs‐CRP, vitamin C, and resistin. The randomization procedure was automatically performed by a statistician, using a SAS program developed to minimize the differences between the two groups for all the stratifying variables. Treatments Endpoints Main endpoints: mean resistin serum level reduction, after vitamin C treatment, of at least 0.50 standardized units. Subjects were randomly allocated, within each stratum, to receive either daily 2 g ascorbic acid (Cebionâ 1000 per 2/die) supplementation or no supplementation for 14 days. The final distribution was: 40 subjects on vitamin C supplementation (experimental group) and 40 not supplemented (control group). These dosages were demonstrated to be safe also for prolonged treatments10 Secondary endpoints: the within‐ and between‐group variations in the other inflammatory and oxidative variables measured. Sample size On the basis of our previous data21, a sample of at least 34 subjects per group was required to detect a standardized difference of 0.5 DS resistin reduction in the experimental group, with a statistical power of 80% and two‐tailed 0.05 a‐value. Taking into account the limitations of these assumptions and the possibility of missing some individuals, the total sample size was increased to 40 subjects per group. Statistics The t‐Student test for paired data will be used to investigate variations in the concentrations of several blood variables in the experimental group and in the control group. To assess whether these changes are different between the two groups, t‐tests for independent samples, assuming either equal or unequal variances, will be performed. Measurements All the subjects will be submitted in the morning, at fasting, before and after the treatment, to measurements of weight, waist circumference, blood pressure, and to determinations of serum glucose, total cholesterol, HDL‐cholesterol, triglyceride, insulin, high sensitivity C reactive protein (hs‐CRP), vitamin A, C, E, oxidized and reduced glutathione, NT, and resistin levels. Data about smoking habits, physical activity and mean daily nutrient intakes will be collected, respectively, by an interview, and a validated 3‐day food record. REFERENCES 1. Steppan CM, Bailey ST, Bhat S, et al. The hormone resistin links obesity to diabetes. Nature 2001; 18: 307‐312 2. Steppan CM, Brown EJ, Wright CM, et al. A family of tissue‐specific resistin‐like molecules. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 2001; 98: 502‐506 3. Hotamisligil GS. The irresistible biology of resistin. J Clin Invest 2003; 111: 173‐174 4. Savage DB, Sewter CP, Klens ES, et al. Resistin/FIZZ3 expression in relation to obesity and peroxisome proliferator‐activated receptor g action in humans. Diabetes 2001; 50: 2199‐2202 5. Janke J, Engeli S, Gorzelniak K, Luft FC, Sharma AM. Resistin gene expression in human adipocytes is not related to insulin resistance. Obes Res 2002; 10: 1‐5 6. Gomez‐Ambrosi J, Frühbeck G. Do resistin and resistin‐like molecules also link obesity to inflammatory diseases? Ann Intern Med 2001; 135: 306‐307 7. Smith SR, Bai F, Charbonneau C, Janderova L, Argyropoulos G. A promoter genotype and oxidative stress potentially link resistin to human insulin resistance. Diabetes 2003; 52: 1611‐1618 8. Felipe F, Bonet ML, Ribot J, Palou A. Modulation of resistin expression by retinoic acid and vitamin A status. Diabetes 2004; 53: 882‐889 9. Bo S, Gambino R, Pagani A, et al. Relationships between human serum resistin, inflammatory markers and insulin resistance. Int J Obes 2005;29:1315‐1320 10. Tousoulis D, Antoniades C, Tentolouris C, Tsioufis C, Toutouza P, Stefanadis C. Effects of combined administration of vitamins C and E on reactive hyperemia and inflammatory process in chronic smokers. Atherosclerosis 2003; 170: 261‐267.
 Protective Effect of Zingiber Officinale L. Extract in Hypertensive Patients;  1. Study area and setting The study covered the period of January, 2018 to June, 2018 in the Al‐Khidmat Medical and Diagnostic Center Nazimabad No.2, Karachi. This was carried out with the cooperation of Cardiac OPD and Laboratory Department of Al‐Khidmat Medical and Diagnostic Center. All procedures were approved by the Independent Ethics Committee (IEC) of International Center for Chemical and Biological Sciences (ICCBS), University of Karachi (Study Number. 026‐HV/HP‐2017, Protocol Number. ICCBS/IEC‐026‐HV/HP‐2017/Protocol/2.0) dated December 08, 2017. 2. Study design This was single blind randomized clinical Study of 40 hyperlipidemic patients. The determination of sample size was done on basis of data from past studies and calculated from formula on SPSS. All the newly diagnosed hyperlipidemic patients were recruited according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. the written informed consent in local language was being taken to all before the study. The questionnaires used to record information related to the demographic profile, age, gender, family history, past medical history, past laboratory findings, diagnosis and current treatment. All pateints were examined with blood pressure, pulse rate, total lipid profile and cardio‐vascular biomarker. 3. Selection of participants A total 40 newly diagnosed hyperlipidemic patients visiting Cardiac OPD at Al‐Khidmat Medical and Diagnostic Center, Nazimabad No. 2 Karachi were selected for this study on basis of inclusion and exclusion criteria. Patients were randomized (1:1) using a computer‐generated table into two groups: the control group received simvastatin and treated group powder tablets twice a day. Ginger treated group was treated with ginger powder tablets 500mg twice a day (BD) for two month while Simvastatin treated group was maintained on simvastatin 20 mg tablet once a day (OD) for two month. All the patients were over eighteen years of age, conversant in Urdu, consented to be available for participation in eight week study (Two months). The duration of treatment was decided on basis of previous studies carried. The inclusion criteria included patients were above 18 years age, either male or female with the diagnosis of hyperlipidemia, total cholesterol up to 200‐239mg/dl and LDL 100‐159mg/dl. They must not receive lipid‐lowering drugs for at least 3 months prior to the recruitment and clinical laboratory tests (CBC, Blood Chemistry, and Urinalysis) were within normal ranges. Exclusions criteria were any cardiovascular diseases, seizures, previous liver surgery, poor controlled diabetes, and drug/alcohol dependence, pregnancy and GI ulcer. Subjects receiving antihyperlipidemic agents (Statins, Niacin, Fibrates and Bile Sequestrants) were excluded in recent past. Blinding was maintained by keeping identical packaging of the ginger and simvastatin drugs with different codes, and no aroma was detected from either; the participants were blinded to the treatment allocation. 4. Study protocol Patients that met the above criteria and gave written consent were randomized to the Treatment group (ginger tablet) and the Control group (Simvastatin) for 8 weeks. During the initial evaluations, all patients interviewed by taking patients previous history included the questions about medical illness, medications, allergies and family history of illness and disease status, blood pressure and pulse rate on every visit. Blood sample (5 ml) was taken before and after treatment for total Lipid Profile, SGPT, SGOT, CK‐MB and C‐RP. Erythrocyte antioxidant enzymes activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GPX) were determined by spectrometric method using Ransod and Ransel kit, respectively. Upon every visit all patients were also screened with their blood pressures, heart rate, sleep pattern by insomnia severity indexed (26) and memory by MMSE (27). Analysis was blinded and was performed at the same laboratory for all patients. All Adverse effects reported during the study period were monitored using a structured questionnaire. The questionnaire consisted of questions about the occurrence of ADR such as diarrhea, nausea and/or vomiting, abdominal pain, metallic taste, symptoms related to an allergic reaction, headache, dizziness or any other undesirable effect.
 Effect of soy flour enriched bread on cardiovascular diseases;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Soy bread group: energy requirement will be calculated according to equations suggested by the Institute of Medicine, Food and Nutrition Board. for weight loss 300‐500 calorie of calculated energy will be reduced . person in this intervention were asked to replace 120gr of soy bread with usual bread intake or other cereal. macronutrient composition for all participants will be 50‐60% as carbohydrate, 15‐20% as protein and <30% as fat. Intervention 2: Usual diet: energy requirement for each participant will calculated based on equations suggested by the Institute of Medicine, Food and Nutrition Board. 300‐500 calorie will reduced for weight loss. subject in this diet will asked to continue their usual bread intake and other cereal products and not to consume soy product. macronutrient composition in this group is similar to the soy bread group. Soy bread group: energy requirement will be calculated according to equations suggested by the Institute of Medicine, Food and Nutrition Board. for weight loss 300‐500 calorie of calculated energy will be reduced . person in this intervention were asked to replace 120gr of soy bread with usual bread intake or other cereal. macronutrient composition for all participants will be 50‐60% as carbohydrate, 15‐20% as protein and <30% as fat. Treatment ‐ Other Usual diet: energy requirement for each participant will calculated based on equations suggested by the Institute of Medicine, Food and Nutrition Board. 300‐500 calorie will reduced for weight loss. subject in this diet will asked to continue their usual bread intake and other cereal products and not to consume soy product. macronutrient composition in this group is similar to the soy bread group. CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories Obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: ApoE genotype. Timepoint: Week2. Method of measurement: PCR method. High Density Lipoprotein. Timepoint: Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: mg/dl, Direct enzymatic method. Low Density Lipoprotein. Timepoint: Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: mg/dl, Friedewald equation. Serum total choolestrol levels. Timepoint: Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: mg/dl, Enzymatic method. Serum triglyceride levels. Timepoint: Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: mg/dl, Enzymatic method. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body composition. Timepoint: Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: Body Analyser systeme. Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Baseline, Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: kg/m2, Weight/Height square. Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Week 2, Week 8, Week 11, Week 17. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Week 2, Week 8, Week 11, Week 17. Method of measurement: meter, centimeter. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Week 2, Week 8, Week 11, Week 17. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Week 2, Week 8, Week 11,Week17. Method of measurement: meter, centimeter. Weight. Timepoint: baseline, Week2, Week8, Week11, Week17. Method of measurement: Kilogram, Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria were; female at age range of 19‐35 years old; body mass index (BMI) between 25 and 35; no history of any chronic or acute diseases including; diabetes, CVD, hepatic diseases, renal diseases, cancer; not adherence to a specific diet or other medically prescribed diet no lactation and no pregnancy; no consumption of drugs and dietary supplements. Exclusion criteria: not adherence to the study protocol; use of specific drugs or supplementation; smoking; incidence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases and allergy to soya.
 Effects of exercise training and herbal medicine on inflammatory markers;  INTERVENTION: Ginger + Train Intervention group: Doing high intensity interval training (40 meters maximal shuttle run, 4 repetitions in the first week to 10 repetitions in the 10th week, together with daily intake of Vomigan ginger tablets produced in Dineh Company, Iran, 1 gram before each meal with 1 glass of water for 10 weeks) Ginger Group: Daily intake of 3 grams of Vomigan Ginger tablet produced in Dineh Company, Iran, 1 gram before each meal with 1 glass of water for 10 weeks without doing physical training Intervention 1: Train + Placebo Intervention Group: Doing high intensity interval training (40 meters maximal shuttle run, 4 repetitions in the first week and 8 repetitions in the 10th week, together with daily intake of gram flour placebo tablets produced in Dineh Company, Iran, 1 gram before each meal with 1 glass of water for 10 weeks). Intervention 2: Ginger + Train Intervention group: Doing high intensity interval training (40 meters maximal shuttle run, 4 repetitions in the first week to 10 repetitions in the 10th week, together with daily intake of Vomigan ginger tablets produced in Dineh Company, Iran, 1 gram before each meal with 1 glass of water for 10 weeks). Intervention 3: Ginger Group: Daily intake of 3 grams of Vomigan Ginger tablet produced in Dineh Company, Iran, 1 gram before each meal with 1 glass of water for 10 weeks without doing physical training. Prevention Train + Placebo Intervention Group: Doing high intensity interval training (40 meters maximal shuttle run, 4 repetitions in the first week and 8 repetitions in the 10th week, together with daily intake of gram flour placebo tablets produced in Dineh Company, Iran, 1 gram before each meal with 1 glass of water for 10 weeks) CONDITION: Overweight. ; Simple obesity NOS Simple obesity NOS PRIMARY OUTCOME: Interlukine 10. Timepoint: 24 hours before the first session and 48 hours after the last training session at the end of 10 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Serum Blood Sampling, Special Kits. Monocyte Chemotactic Protein type 1. Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after the last training session at the end of 10 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Serum Blood Sampling, Special Kits. Soluble Interacellular Adhesion Molecule type 1. Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after the last training session at the end of 10 weeks of intervention. Method of measurement: Serum Blood Sampling, Special Kits. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Women aged between 20 to 30 years; having body mass index between 25 to 29.9 kilogram/squared meter Exclusion criteria: Having cardiovascular and respiratory problems; diabetes; high blood pressure; orthopedic diseases; smoking; pregnancy; regular exercise training during last year; having menstrual disorder SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Pressure. Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after last trainnig session at the end of 10 weeks of intervantion. Method of measurement: Rishter Blood Pressure Barometer, milimeter Hg. Body Fat Percentage. Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after last trainnig session at the end of 10 weeks of intervantion. Method of measurement: Yagami Caliper made in Japan. Cardiac structural and functional variables. Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after last trainnig session at the end of 10 weeks of intervantion. Method of measurement: Heart Echocardiographic System. Lipid Profile. Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after last trainnig session at the end of 10 weeks of intervantion. Method of measurement: Serum Blood Sampling. Vo2max (Maximal Oxygen Consumption). Timepoint: Twenty four hours before the first training session and forty eight hours after last trainnig session at the end of 10 weeks of intervantion. Method of measurement: Bruce test on treadmill.
 The effect of Cardamom supplementation on serum lipids, glucose and blood pressure in prediabetic women;  INTERVENTION: group receiving green cardamom :capsules containing 1g cardamom, three a day for 2 month Intervention 1: group receiving green cardamom :capsules containing 1g cardamom, three a day for 2 month. Intervention 2: placebo group receiving rusk powder: capsules containing 1g of rusk powder, three a day for 2 month. Placebo placebo group receiving rusk powder: capsules containing 1g of rusk powder, three a day for 2 month CONDITION: Impaired glucose tolerance Prediabetes Pre diabetes. ; Impaired glucose tolerance Prediabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Measured with a manometer. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting blood sugar by using kits. Insulin Resistance. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: HOMA‐IR formula. Insulin sensitivity. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: QUIKI formula. Serum cholesterol. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting serum cholesterol by using kits. Serum HDL. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting serum HDL by using kits. Serum insulin concentration. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of serum insulin concentration by using kits. Serum LDL. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting serum LDL by using kits. Serum Triglycerid. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting Serum Triglycerid by using kits. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Measured with a manometer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Measured with formula. Waist circumference. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: measurement with a meter. Weight. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Measured with a digital scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Prediabetic women with one of the following criteria: FBS; 100‐125 mg/dl, HbA1C: 5.7‐6.4, 2hpp blood glucose: 140‐199 mg/dl; Age: 30‐70 years; BMI: 25‐39.9 kg/m2; Having at least one of the following criteria: TG>150 mg/dl, Chol>200 mg/dl, LDL>100 mg/dl, HDL<50 mg/dl; Willingness to participate in the study. Not included in the study: BMI<25 kg/m2 or BMI=40 kg/m2; Following a specific diet for last three months; Professional athlete; Sensitivity to Cardamom (allergy); Pregnancy and lactation; Nutritional supplement and multi vitamin‐mineral consumption at least 2 times a week in the last month; Medical history of gastrointestinal ulcers, kidney or gall stones; Medical history of coronary heart disease, cancer and MS; Blood pressure>130/80 mmHg; LDL>160 mg/dl; TG>300 mg/dl. Exclusion criteria: Multi vitamin and anti oxidant supplements consumption during the intervention; Changes in diet or physical activity;
 The effect of cardamom supplementation on blood oxidative stress status and inflammatory factors in prediabetic women;  INTERVENTION: group receiving green cardamom :capsules containing 1g cardamom, three a day for 2 month Intervention 1: group receiving green cardamom :capsules containing 1g cardamom, three a day for 2 month. Intervention 2: placebo group receiving rusk powder: capsules containing 1g of rusk powder, three a day for 2 month. Placebo placebo group receiving rusk powder: capsules containing 1g of rusk powder, three a day for 2 month CONDITION: Impaired glucose tolerance Prediabetes Pre diabetes. ; Impaired glucose tolerance Prediabetes PRIMARY OUTCOME: GR activity. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting GR activity by using kits. Hs‐CRP Concentration. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting hs‐CRP Concentration by using kits. IL‐6 Concentration. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting IL‐6 Concentration by using kits. MDA Concentration. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting MDA Concentration by using kits. Protein Carbonyl Concentration. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting Protein Carbonyl Concentration by using kits. Serum Total Antioxidant Capacity. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of Serum Total Antioxidant Capacity by using kits. SOD activity. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting SOD activity by using kits. TNF‐a Concentration. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic Measurement of fasting TNF‐a Concentration by using kits. SECONDARY OUTCOME: BMI. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Measured with formula. Waist circumference. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: measurement with a meter. Weight. Timepoint: before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Measured with a digital scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Prediabetic women with one of the following criteria: FBS; 100‐125 mg/dl, HbA1C: 5.7‐6.4, 2hpp blood glucose: 140‐199 mg/dl; Age: 30‐70 years; BMI: 25‐39.9 kg/m2; Having at least one of the following criteria: TG>150 mg/dl, Chol>200 mg/dl, LDL>100 mg/dl, HDL<50 mg/dl; Willingness to participate in the study. Not included in the study: BMI<25 kg/m2 or BMI=40 kg/m2; Following a specific diet for last three months; Professional athlete; Sensitivity to Cardamom (allergy); Pregnancy and lactation; Nutritional supplement and multi vitamin‐mineral consumption at least 2 times a week in the last month; Medical history of gastrointestinal ulcers, kidney or gall stones; Medical history of coronary heart disease, cancer and MS; Blood pressure>130/80 mmHg; LDL>160 mg/dl; TG>300 mg/dl; Smoking. Exclusion criteria: Multi vitamin and anti oxidant supplements consumption during the intervention; Changes in diet or physical activity; Not intaking of more than 10%
 Evaluation of inflammatory immune parameters predicting cardiovascular risk in HIV-1-infected antiretroviral therapy naive patients treated with atazanavir/ritonavir versus lopinavir/ritonavir based regimens. - CRISTAL;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: REYATAZ*FL 60CPS 150MG Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: Atazanavir Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 150‐ Trade Name: KALETRA*FL120CPR RIV 200+50MG Pharmaceutical Form: Tablet INN or Proposed INN: LOPINAVIR CAS Number: 192725‐17‐0 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ INN or Proposed INN: RITONAVIR CAS Number: 155213‐67‐5 Concentration unit: mg milligram(s) Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ CONDITION: HIV infection ; MedDRA version: 9.1 Level: LLT Classification code 10020161 Term: HIV infection INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ HIV‐1‐infected males or famele > 18 years of age with positive serology (ELISA) confirmed by Western Blot ‐ CD4 + cell count between 250‐350 cells/microL ‐ no previous antiretroviral treatment ‐ negative pregnancy test at least 14 days before the beginning of treatment ‐ Signed informed consent in accoradnce with GCP and local regulatory reqirements prior to trial participation ‐ Study drugs susceptibility based on HIV‐1 genotypic resistance test Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To evaluate variation in soluble inflammatory immune mediators and in immune cells expressing adhesion and activation markers or Toll‐like receptors (TLR) in HIV‐positive naive patients treated with ATV/r compared to LPV/r in combination with a fixed NRTI backbone composed by tenofovir and emtricitabine. Primary end point(s): Primary Endpoint adhesion molecules, selectins, integrins and chemokines: ‐ macrophage chemo‐attractant protein 1 (MCP‐1) and its receptor CCL2; ‐ interleukin‐1 &amp;#61537;, interleukin‐1 &amp;#61538;&amp;#61484; interferon‐&amp;#61537;, interferon‐&amp;#61538;, tumour necrosis factors &amp;#61537;&amp;#61484; tumour necrosis factors &amp;#61538;, transforming growth factors (TGF‐&amp;#61538;2), ‐ inter‐cellular cell adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM‐1), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) ‐ CC chemokines, CCL3 (MIP‐1&amp;#61537;), CC chemokines, CCL4 (MIP‐1&amp;#61538;),CC chemokines, CCL5 (RANTES); immune cells expressing adhesion and activation markers or Toll‐like receptors (TLR), measured by flow cytometry: ‐ CD8+CD25+, CD4+CD25+, CD8+DRII+, CD4+DRII+, CD4+CD44+, CD8+CD44+, CD4+CD11a+, CD8+CD11a+, CD4/CD62L, ‐ CD8+CD11highRA+, CD8+CD11lowRA+, CD8+CD11highRO+, CD14+CD36+, CD14/TLR4, CD14/CD80 Secondary Objective: 1. To evaluate HIV‐RNA suppression in plasma of HIV‐positive naive patients treated with ATV/r compared to LPV/r in combination with a fixed NRTI backbone composed by tenofovir and emtricitabine. 2. To evaluate variations in plasmatic CD4+ T cells levels. 3. To evaluate the metabolic changes following treatment with ATV/r compared to LPV/r based regimens. 4. To determine variation in endothelium function measured by flow‐mediated dilation (FMD) of the radial artery and aortic pulse‐wave velocity (PWV) 5. To determine variation in endothelium structure measured by echodoppler evaluation of carotid and femoral intima‐media thickness (IMT). 6. To record baseline cardiovascular risks (CV risk, Hypertension, diabetes smoking status: current and past, family history of CV risks, heart disease)
 Comparison of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in acupuncture points with the incision site;  INTERVENTION: 15 minute after discharging of recovery in first group, in addition to routine cure in part, patients are cured under transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in acupuncture point (LI4, ST36, PC6) put in form of two sided with frequency 100 HZ and circuiting within tolerance for 20 minutes. 15 minute after discharging of recovery in fourth group, just routine cures are done and there is no intervention by researcher. 15 minute after discharging of recovery, in third group in addition to routine cures in part, patients are cured under transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in acupuncture points and incision site (instruments pads are putting in related points but TENS device does not tern) for 20 minute. 15 minutes after discharging of recovery in second group, in addition to routine cures in part, patients are cured under transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in places of incision (4 cm far from cutting place in form two sided) with frequency 100 HZ and circuitry within tolerance for 20 minute. Intervention 1: 15 minute after discharging of recovery in first group, in addition to routine cure in part, patients are cured under transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in acupuncture point (LI4, ST36, PC6) put in form of two sided with frequency 100 HZ and circuiting within tolerance for 20 minutes. Intervention 2: 15 minutes after discharging of recovery in second group, in addition to routine cures in part, patients are cured under transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in places of incision (4 cm far from cutting place in form two sided) with frequency 100 HZ and circuitry within tolerance for 20 minute. Intervention 3: 15 minute after discharging of recovery, in third group in addition to routine cures in part, patients are cured under transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation in acupuncture points and incision site (instruments pads are putting in related points but TENS device does not tern) for 20 minute. Intervention 4: 15 minute after discharging of recovery in fourth group, just routine cures are done and there is no intervention by researcher. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Appendicitis (acute) with generalized (diffuse) peritonitis following rupture or perforation, Acute appendicitis with localized peritonitis with or without rupture or perforation Acute appendicitis with peritoneal absces,Acute appendicitis without Appendicitis. ; Appendicitis (acute) with generalized (diffuse) peritonitis following rupture or perforation, Acute appendicitis with localized peritonitis with or without rupture or perforation Acute appendicitis with peritoneal absces,Acute appendicitis without k35‐2,k35‐ PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nausea. Timepoint: before intervention, immediately after intervention, 10 minute after and at the end of 20 minute intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale of nausea. Pain. Timepoint: before intervention, immediately after intervention, 10 minute after and at the end of 20 minute intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale of pain. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Amount of pain relief. Timepoint: before intervention, immediately after intervention, 10 minute after and at the end of 20 minute intervention. Method of measurement: cc. Blood pressure. Timepoint: before intervention,immediately after intervention,10 minute after and at the end of 20 minute intervention. Method of measurement: pressure indicator. Heart rate. Timepoint: before intervention, immediately after intervention, 10 minute after and at the end of 20 minute intervention. Method of measurement: Probe monitor. Respiratory rate. Timepoint: before intervention, immediately after intervention, 10 minute after and at the end of 20 minute intervention. Method of measurement: see chest. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: men and women 14‐45 years old; under appendectomy. Exclusion criteria; history of skin disease; history of cardiac disease; cognitive disease; diabetes disease; addiction; history of using TENS or acupuncture and pregnancy.
 Effect of orthosis on low back pain;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Patients in the experimental group will be prescribed a non‐extensible lumbosacral orthosis for 4 weeks, and during the whole day, with the exception of bedroom and bathroom activities. Moreover they will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Intervention 2: Patients in the control group will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Patients in the control group will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Patients in the experimental group will be prescribed a non‐extensible lumbosacral orthosis for 4 weeks, and during the whole day, with the exception of bedroom and bathroom activities. Moreover they will receive 8 physical treatment sessions for a period of 4 weeks (twice a week). Common physiotherapy modalities will comprise of moist heat, ultrasound, TENS, posture and activity education, and flexibility exercises. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Loin pain Low back strain Lumbago NOS low back pain. ; Loin pain Low back strain Lumbago NOS PRIMARY OUTCOME: % determinism & Shannon entropy. Timepoint: before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate data. Correlation dimension. Timepoint: before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate data. Lyapunov exponent. Timepoint: Before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate data. Mean total velocity and standard deviation of velocity. Timepoint: before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Force plate data. Phase plane portriate. Timepoint: before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: force plate data. Sample entropy. Timepoint: Before & after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Forceplate data. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Disability. Timepoint: Before and after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Oswestry disability index. Fear of avoidance. Timepoint: Before and after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Tampa scale. Pain. Timepoint: Before and after 4 weeks intervention. Method of measurement: Visual analogue scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 20 and 55 years; experience of back pain for at least for 12 months serious enough to require medical attention or absence from work; at least 1 episode of LBP in the last 6 month or pain with semicontinuous nature; no history of red flags; 2= VAS =7; ODI > 6. Exclusion criteria: history of vestibular disorder; neurological or sensory disorders; cardiac and respiratory disease; previous spinal surgery; serious neck problems; spinal structural deformity; uncorrected vision impairement; vestibular disorder; pregnancy; diabetes; unequal length > 1 cm; osteoarthritis of hip and knee; alcohol or drug use affecting balance or influencing central nervous system (within 24 h before testing).
 Clinical Trial to Evaluate Efficacy and Safety of DP-R202 and Anplag in Patients With Artery Occlusive Disease;  1. Design This clinical trial is 12 weeks, multicenter, randomized, double‐blind, parallel group, phase 3 study which registered patients in total 25 institutions appointed as national clinical trial institution, it was conducted by receiving IRB(institutional review board) approval from each institutions. Target patients were aged over 20 years old male or female lower limb peripheral artery occlusion patients with fontaine stage II/III, who has lower limb pain or symptoms like leg stretching or numbing, lower limb pain degree is over 40 mm evaluated by VAS at screening, and ABI (ankle‐brachial index) ≤0.9 or stenosis rate over >50%, diagnosed with PAD and voluntarily agreed to participate in clinical study and signed study consent form. In addition, exclusion criteria were patients who received peripheral related surgery within 1 month of clinical study participation, Fontaine stage 4, NYHA class 3‐4, uncontrollable hypertension patients (systolic BP ≥ 180 mmHg, diastolic BP ≥ 110 mmHg), patients with history of cerebrovascular disease(cerebral infarction, cerebral hemorrhage and etc.) within 6 months prior to clinical trial participation, patients with uncontrollable diabetes (HbA1c ≥ 9%), and patients with renal insufficiency (creatinine > 3.0 mg/dL). Study subjects who met subjects criteria and recruited were total 151 subjects (study group: 75 subjects, comparator group: 76), and among these, 16 subjects (study group: 7 subjects, comparator group: 9 subjects) were dropouts therefore, total study subjects who completed study was 135 subjects (study group: 68 subjects, comparator group: 67 subjects). Dropout reasons were 'clinical trial plan violation' for 3 subjects (comparator group: 3 subjects), ' consent withdrawal' for 8 subjects( study group: 5 subjects, comparator group: 3 subjects), ' fail to follow up' for 1 subject (comparator group: 1 subject), 'adverse event' for 3 subjects ( study group: 1 subject, comparator group: 2 subjects), ' other reasons' for 1 subjects ( study group) and there was no dropout due to 'lack of efficacy'. Selected subjects were stratified by 1:1 ratio and randomly assigned to investigational product or comparator by Fontaine Stage II or Fontaine Stage III using block randomization method and double‐blind was applied to both investigator and study subjects. 2. Administration Method Investigational product was DP‐R202 (sarpogrelate hydrochloride 300 mg: DreamPharma, Inc.), and comparator was Anplag® Tab (sarpogrelate hydrochloride 100 mg: Yuhan Corp.). Administration period to subjects was 12 weeks, study group took investigational product, DP‐R202 1 tab once(morning) and took placebo, Anplag® Tab 1 tab/once, 3 times/day, and comparator group took investigational product, Anplag® Tab 1 tab/once, 3 times/day and took DP‐R202, placebo 1 tab once(morning). Administration dosage of test drug was conducted as fixed dosage and dosage fluctuation based on subject's condition was not performed. 3. Efficacy and Safety Assessment Parameter Subjects visited at 4, 8, and 12 weeks including baseline visit (visit 2) at 4 weeks interval (total 4 times) and took efficacy and quality of life assessment. Variation in lower limb pain (VAS) comparing baseline with 12 weeks point as a primary efficacy Assessment parameter, variation in lower limb pain (VAS) and coldness 5‐point scale comparing baseline with 4, 8 weeks, ankle brachial pressure index (ABI), ankle systolic pressure (ASP), quality of life assessment index(SF‐36), Maximum Walking Distance (MWD), Pain Free Walking Distance (PFWD), and investigator's general assessment(VAS) at 4, 8, and 12 weeks as secondary efficacy assessment parameters, efficacy was measured. Pain and coldness test was measured using pain and coldness felt by subject 24 hours prior to the visit, MWD and PFWD was measured only on subjects who was determined to be possible to measure, and asked to record daily degree of lower limb pain every day from baseline till the end of clinical trial only with subject who can record it. Also, adverse even, laboratory test, vital sign, weight measurement were conducted for efficacy assessment. Physical test and vital sign were conducted at screening visit, administration begins, 4, 8, and 12 weeks after administration and urine pregnancy test and laboratory test were conducted at screening visits and 12 weeks after administration. ECG test was conducted at screening visit, 4, 8, and 12 weeks after administration. Laboratory test criteria were hematological test, blood chemical test, blood coagulation test and urine test.
 Turmeric effect on treatment non-alcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Cap containing placebo, 2 gr flour for daily usage for 2 month Intervention 1: Cap containing placebo, 2 gr flour for daily usage for 2 month. Intervention 2: Turmeric with daily dose 2 gr for 2 month. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs Turmeric with daily dose 2 gr for 2 month CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non alcoholic fatty liver disease. ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Alanine aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of ALT in blood with enzymatic method with kit. Aspartate aminotransferase. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of AST with enzymatic method with kit. Fasting blood sugar. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration Fasting blood sugar with enzymatic method with kit. Gamma‐glutamyl transpeptidase. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 month later of intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of GGT in blood with enzymatic method with kit. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of HDL‐C serum in fasting stage with enzymatic method with kit. Hepatic steatosis. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Using ultrasound. LDL‐C. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of LDL‐C serum in fasting stage with fried method. MDA. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of MDA serum in fasting stage with enzymatic method with kit. Total cholestrol. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration cholestrol of serum in fasting stage with enzymatic method with kit. Triglyciride. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of TG serum in fasting stage with enzymatic method with kit. VLDL. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Concentration of VLDL serum in fasting stage with TG/5 Method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: diagnosed fatty liver disease; absence of pregnancy and lactation; absence of diabetes, liver and biliary disorders, Celiac disease and cirrhosis, hepatitis B, C and autoimmune hepatitis. Lack of high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, lung disease, kidney disease, cancer, thyroid, Wilson and hereditary hematochromatosis, no history of hospitalization or athlete, non‐surgical weight loss in the last year, taking drugs like tamoxifen, lithium, phenytoin, antibiotics, metformin, Ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA), no alcohol, no smoking, no history of hypothyroidism and Cushing's syndrome SECONDARY OUTCOME: AST/ALT Ratio. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: From divition of AST on ALT was made. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: (SBP‐DBP)+ (DPB)/3. Body mass index. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Weight in Kilograms over Height in meters squared. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Hight waist circumference with measuring tape. Total carbohydrate intake. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 month later of intervention. Method of measurement: Dietary recall questionnaire. Total energy intake. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Dietary recall questionnaire. Total fat intake. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Dietary recall questionnaire. Total protein intake. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Dietary recall questionnaire. Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Upper hip bone and place a measuring tape around the abdomen. Weight. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: Weight with Kilograms unit. WHR. Timepoint: Before intervention, 2 months after intervention. Method of measurement: waist circumference to Hip circumference ratio.
 The effects of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease;  INTERVENTION: In the placebo group,2 cups of 7.5 g oral powder maltodextrin as probiotic supplement placebo and one capsule containing starch as prebiotic supplement placebo recieve. Used placebo is similar to their respective supplements apparently. Intervention 1: Intervention group 1: Patients in the group receiving the probiotic supplement, 1 capsule contains a combination of probiotics comprising of five bacterial species ( 5 billion active cell, containing Lactobacillus casei, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium longum, Bifidobacterium breve ) with placebo prebiotics in the 2 cups 7/5 g (maltodextrin) daily receive. Intervention group 2: Patients in the group receiving the prebiotic supplement, Oral powder of oligo fructose (7.5 g 2 cup) with probiotic placebo (starch) in 1 capsule per day , that are similar in appearance probiotic supplement, receive. Intervention 2: In the placebo group,2 cups of 7.5 g oral powder maltodextrin as probiotic supplement placebo and one capsule containing starch as prebiotic supplement placebo recieve. Used placebo is similar to their respective supplements apparently. Intervention group 1: Patients in the group receiving the probiotic supplement, 1 capsule contains a combination of probiotics comprising of five bacterial species ( 5 billion active cell, containing Lactobacillus casei, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium longum, Bifidobacterium breve ) with placebo prebiotics in the 2 cups 7/5 g (maltodextrin) daily receive. Intervention group 2: Patients in the group receiving the prebiotic supplement, Oral powder of oligo fructose (7.5 g 2 cup) with probiotic placebo (starch) in 1 capsule per day , that are similar in appearance probiotic supplement, receive. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Non alcoholic fatty liver. ; Other diseases of liver Other diseases of liver PRIMARY OUTCOME: ?GT. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric assay. Adiponectin. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. ALP. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: photometric assay. ALT. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: photometric assay. AST. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: photometric assay. Blood pressure. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: sphygmomanometer. Cholestrol. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric assay. Fasting Glucose. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: GOD/POD. HOMA‐IR. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Serum insulin*FBS/405. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. Insulin. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. LDL. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Calculation. Leptin. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: ELISA. QUICKI. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Calculation. TG. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: Enzymatic colorimetric assay. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: calculation. Percentage body fat. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: BIA. WHR. Timepoint: At baseline, after 12 weeks. Method of measurement: calculation. Willing to participate and signed the consent; Elevated serum levels of liver enzymes( ALT greater than 1.5 times normal); More than one degree of steatosis on ultrasonography in patients; No alcohol abuse (consuming more than 10 grams for women and 20 grams for men) and opium abuse; Body Mass Index equal to or greater than 25 Kg/m2 and equal to or less than 40 Kg/m2; The absence of other acute and chronic diseases and disorders of the liver (hepatitis B, C, ...), cirrhosis, celiac disease, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, lung disease; No pregnancy and lactation; Not taking metformin, vitamin E, orso de Oxy‐colic acid and weight‐loss drugs, hepatotoxic , antibiotics, corticosteroids, NSAIDs and other medications; no history of weight loss surgery in the past year; Failure to lose weight in 3 months; nonsmoking; aged 20‐60 years; without the use of supplemental multivitamins, minerals and omega‐3 (nutrition
 The efficacy of acceptance and commitment therapy on emotional, cognitive, physiological functions and quality of life in infertile women who undergoing in vitro fertilization;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Control group: They are just under prenatal cares and do not receive any education and practice. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Intervention is designed as a group therapy. There are 8‐10 members in each group. There are 8 sessions: Session1: "Problem is control" . "Present moment". In this session members are introduced to each others. Depression and anxiety are explained. The act perspective and present moment and brief mindfulness practice are discussed. Session 2: "Diffusion". In this session, " Brief mindfulness" and "Leaves on a Stream" practices are done. Home works are reviewed and the challenges of them discussed. The concept of workability is explained. Session3: "Acceptance/Willingness". Acceptance which is also called willingness, coming back to present moment and brief mindfulness practice, group discussion about homework of workability are clarified. Session 4: "Values". Plans for this session are including: Review of mindfulness practice of the last session, doing practice in the small groups and discussing in the large group, clarify the concept of "Values", doing practice and a brief explanation of values in ACT. Stress the point that values are about action, how you want to "be" and "act" in the world. And focus on commitment action to the values. Session 5: "Self observation". The exercise" Mindfulness +Values", review of homeworks, group discussion, exercise" self‐observation+Values", explaining of homework for next week are assigned for the 5th session. Session 6: "Commitment action". Description of the sixth session is: mindfulness practice, discussion about mindfulness, clarifying willingness with an exercise" Self‐image", discussion again and doing practice. Session 7,8: All the last processes with concentration on making a larger frame according to commitment action with values are done. All majors are described in the last sessions and reviewed. Intervention 2: Control group: They are just under prenatal cares and do not receive an Intervention group: Intervention is designed as a group therapy. There are 8‐10 members in each group. There are 8 sessions: Session1: "Problem is control" . "Present moment". In this session members are introduced to each others. Depression and anxiety are explained. The act perspective and present moment and brief mindfulness practice are discussed. Session 2: "Diffusion". In this session, " Brief mindfulness" and "Leaves on a Stream" practices are done. Home works are reviewed and the challenges of them discussed. The concept of workability is explained. Session3: "Acceptance/Willingness". Acceptance which is also called willingness, coming back to present moment and brief mindfulness practice, group discussion about homework of workability are clarified. Session 4: "Values". Plans for this session are including: Review of mindfulness practice of the last session, doing practice in the small groups and discussing in the large group, clarify the concept of Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Condition 1: Depression. Condition 2: Anxiety. Condition 3: Memory. Condition 4: Quality of life. ; Depressive episode ; Other anxiety disorders ; Other mental disorders due to brain damage and dysfunction and to physical disease Depressive episode Other anxiety disorders Other mental disorders due to brain damage and dysfunction and to physical disease INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: An infertile woman who undergoing IVF; Primary or secondary infertility; Age of pregnancy is 14‐22 week; At least 2 years after marriage. Exclusion criteria: History of any psychiatric diseases; Spacial medical diseases like diabetes, Cardiovascular diseases... PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anxiety. Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: Beck anxiety scale, SCID. Authobiographical memory. Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: AMT(Autobiographical Memory Test). Cortisol(Phisiologic changes). Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: Blood cortisole. Depression. Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: Beck depression scale, SCID. Every day memory. Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test‐ Third Edition. Quality of life. Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: World Health Organization Quality Of Life Questionaire(WHOQOL Brief). Working memory. Timepoint: Before, After, One‐month follow‐up. Method of measurement: Riding test.
 Nutrition education on weight loss based on protection motivation theory;  INTERVENTION: Behavior Control group is consisted of 50 women that they were received nutritional education, firstly that these sessions are including 2 sessions in one week that each session is 45 to 60 minutes Intervention 1: Motivation intervention group is consisted of 50 women that they were received nutritional education, firstly that these sessions are including 2 sessions in one week that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. In the next stage, motivation intervention was done using a psychologist who is professional; these sessions are including 4 sessions in 2weeks (2 sessions per week) that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. Despite this intervention, a pamphlet regarding obesity and overweight based on protection motivation theory constructs (pamphlet content was proved by 4 authorized people in health education and promotion) was used. Intervention 2: Motivation and intention intervention group is consisted of 50 women that they were received nutritional education, firstly that these sessions are including 2 sessions in one week that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. In the next stage, motivation intervention was done using a psychologist who is professional; these sessions are including 4 sessions in 2weeks (2 sessions per week) that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. Despite this intervention, a pamphlet regarding obesity and overweight based on protection motivation theory constructs (pamphlet content was proved by 4 authorized people in health education and promotion) was used. Difference of this group compared to motivation intervention is in this way that women in this group followed a determined plan to lose weight that remind them to lose weigh in a definite timeline. Intervention 3: Control group is consisted of 50 women that they were received nutritional education, firstly that these sessions are including 2 sessions in one week that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. Motivation and intention intervention group is consisted of 50 women that they were received nutritional education, firstly that these sessions are including 2 sessions in one week that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. In the next stage, motivation intervention was done using a psychologist who is professional; these sessions are including 4 sessions in 2weeks (2 sessions per week) that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. Despite this intervention, a pamphlet regarding obesity and overweight based on protection motivation theory constructs (pamphlet content was proved by 4 authorized people in health education and promotion) was used. Difference of this group compared to motivation intervention is in this way that women in this group followed a determined plan to lose weight that remind them to lose weigh in a definite timeline. Motivation intervention group is consisted of 50 women that they were received nutritional education, firstly that these sessions are including 2 sessions in one week that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. In the next stage, motivation intervention was done using a psychologist who is professional; these sessions are including 4 sessions in 2weeks (2 sessions per week) that each session is 45 to 60 minutes. Despite this intervention, a pamphlet regarding obesity and overweight based on protection motivation theory constructs (pamphlet content was proved by 4 authorized people in health education and promotion) was used. CONDITION: Obesity or overweight. ; Obesity, unspecified Obesity, unspecified SECONDARY OUTCOME: Weight loss. Timepoint: 2 weeks, 2 and 6 month after intervention. Method of measurement: Measuring Body Mass Index. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Modification of Protection Motivation Theory Constructs. Timepoint: 2 weeks, 2 and 6 month follow up after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaire based on Protection Motivation Theory Constructs. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: being obese and overweight based on BMI (25‐29.9 considered overweight, more than 30 considered obese); lack of diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular, thyroid and also people who are treating by drugs that may change weight and appetite. Exclusion criteria: pregnancy; being infected with diseases that may occur during intervention and interfere with diet.
 Effect of kashk( processed condensed yogurt) on obesity;  INTERVENTION: control group: Informed written consent, 24 hour recall and general information form was given to all the participants. All patients are on a weight reducing diet. The diet is prescribed for patients and they prepare their own meals. low calorie diet is consisted of 60‐50% CHO, 20‐15% PRO, and less than 30% FAT.As this was a dietary intervention, it was not blind. patients are consulted how to follow the diet. before intervention and 8 weeks later patients will evaluated for anthropometric and biochemical measures, blood pressure monitoring and body composition analyzing. Intervention 1: intervention group: Informed written consent, 24 hour recall and general information form was given to all the participants. All patients are on a weight reducing diet. The diet is prescribed for patients and they prepare their own meals. low calorie diet is consisted of 60‐50% CHO, 20‐15% PRO, and less than 30% FAT. As this was a dietary intervention, it was not blind. this group receive low calorie diet and also they are prescribed to consume 50 gram liquid kashk ( 99.3% condensed low fat yogurt+0.7% salt). patients are consulted how to follow the diet and consume each packet of kashk 15 minutes before lunch and dinner.before intervention and 8 weeks later patients will evaluated for anthropometric and biochemical measures, blood pressure monitoring and body composition analyzing. Intervention 2: control group: Informed written consent, 24 hour recall and general information form was given to all the participants. All patients are on a weight reducing diet. The diet is prescribed for patients and they prepare their own meals. low calorie diet is consisted of 60‐50% CHO, 20‐15% PRO, and less than 30% FAT.As this was a dietary intervention, it was not blind. patients are consulted how to follow the diet. before intervention and 8 weeks later patients will evaluated for anthropometric and biochemical measures, blood pressure monitoring and body composition analyzing. intervention group: Informed written consent, 24 hour recall and general information form was given to all the participants. All patients are on a weight reducing diet. The diet is prescribed for patients and they prepare their own meals. low calorie diet is consisted of 60‐50% CHO, 20‐15% PRO, and less than 30% FAT. As this was a dietary intervention, it was not blind. this group receive low calorie diet and also they are prescribed to consume 50 gram liquid kashk ( 99.3% condensed low fat yogurt+0.7% salt). patients are consulted how to follow the diet and consume each packet of kashk 15 minutes before lunch and dinner.before intervention and 8 weeks later patients will evaluated for anthropometric and biochemical measures, blood pressure monitoring and body composition analyzing. Treatment ‐ Drugs Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Obesity obesity. ; Obesity PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: before intervention, after 4 weeks, after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: weight/ height*height. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: before intervention, after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: devices. Body fat,percent of body fat,free fat mass, percent of free fat mass. Timepoint: before intervention, after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: bioimpedance. FBS,total cholestrol,LDL,HDL. Timepoint: before intervention, after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: serum level. Waist circumference. Timepoint: before intervention,after 4 weeks, after 8 weeks. Method of measurement: by meter in cm. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: women aged between 60‐20 years; BMI = or higher than 25kg/m2 excluding criteria: having diseases such as diabetes; cardiovascular disease; kidney and liver disease and thyroid related diseases; drug consumption; calcium supplement consumption; pregnancy or lactation; participation in other researches; consumption of less than 70% of kashk packets.
 The effect of nanocurcumin and ubiquinone in migraine treatment;  INTERVENTION: Patients will be divided into four groups, according to stratified randomization method: 1.The group receiving ubiquinone (sauna medicine in Parseh, Iran) (100 mg three times daily) and nanocorcomin (Sina Kurkamin, Iran) (80 mg per day). 2.Nano‐curcumin supplement and ubiquinone placebo (Minoo Co., Iran). 3.ubiquinone Supplement and Curcumin Placebo (Minoo Co., Iran). 4.The control group consisted of patients receiving ubiquinone placebo and curcumin placebo for two months. Patients will be divided into four groups, according to stratified randomization method: 1.The group receiving ubiquinone (sauna medicine in Parseh, Iran) (100 mg three times daily) and nanocorcomin (Sina Kurkamin, Iran) (80 mg per day). 2.Nano‐curcumin supplement and ubiquinone placebo (Minoo Co., Iran). 3.ubiquinone Supplement and Curcumin Placebo (Minoo Co., Iran). 4.The control group consisted of patients receiving ubiquinone placebo and curcumin placebo for two months.. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Migraine without aura [common migraine] Migraine without aura. ; Migraine without aura [common migraine] PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of the headache. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaires to assess disease progression. Headache severity. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaires to assess disease progression. Number of headache attacks. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Questionnaires to assess disease progression. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Activity of antioxidant enzymes catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Using appropriate laboratory methods for each variable. Gene expression of anti‐oxidant enzymes catalase, superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Using appropriate laboratory methods for each variable. Oxidative stress profile. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Using appropriate laboratory methods for each variable. Serum level of calcitonin gene‐related peptide. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Using appropriate laboratory methods for each variable. Serum levels of homocysteine. Timepoint: Before intervention and 8 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Using appropriate laboratory methods for each variable. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 20 to 45 years old; Patients with episodic migraine; Migraine Diagnosis by International Headache Society Criteria as Applied by a Neurologist; No nutritional supplement or professional sports activities four weeks before intervention; People who are willing to cooperate voluntarily. Exclusion criteria: Kidney disease; liver disease; pancreatitis; diabetes; cancer; thyroid disorders and inflammatory diseases based on medical history; Malnutrition (body mass index less than 18.5) and obesity (body mass index greater than 30); Vitamin supplementation during the three months before intervention; Pregnancy; Alcohol consumption over the past six months; smoking; Patients with history of cardiovascular disease; Taking anti‐inflammatory drugs or supplements such as ubiquinone and curcumin; Allergic reaction to the ubiquinone and/or Curcumin supplement; Lack of patient collaboration; Any significant changes in diet and routine life.
 Comparison of the Effect of Ondansetron, Dexamethasone and Their Combination in Reducing Nausea and Vomiting Following Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy in patients referred to Semnan Kosar Hospital;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: 30 cases of patients were injected 16 mg of dexamethasone intravenously based on a simple random sampling. Injection was performed by an anesthesiologist who will be unaware of the drugs type before the first surgery incision immediately. The anesthesia were performed with the same way in all three groups. Furthermore, the patient’s nausea and vomiting were checked during 6 and 24 hours after surgery. The patient's recovery period was recorded after surgery. Intervention 1: Intervention 1: 30 cases of patients were injected 16 mg of dexamethasone intravenously based on a simple random sampling. Injection was performed by an anesthesiologist who will be unaware of the drugs type before the first surgery incision immediately. The anesthesia were performed with the same way in all three groups. Furthermore, the patient’s nausea and vomiting were checked during 6 and 24 hours after surgery. The patient's recovery period was recorded after surgery. Intervention 2: Intervention 2: 30 cases of patients were injected 4 mg of ondansetron intravenously based on a simple random sampling. Injection was performed by an anesthesiologist who will be unaware of the drugs type before the first surgery incision immediately. The anesthesia were performed with the same way in all three groups. Furthermore, the patient’s nausea and vomiting were checked during 6 and 24 hours after surgery. The patient's recovery period was recorded after surgery. Intervention 3: Intervention 3: 30 cases of patients were injected 4 mg of ondansetron plus 8 mg of dexamethasone intravenously based on a simple random sampling. Injection was performed by an anesthesiologist who will be unaware of the drugs type before the first surgery incision immediately. The anesthesia were performed with the same way in all three groups. Furthermore, the patient’s nausea and vomiting were checked during 6 and 24 hours after surgery. The patient's recovery period was recorded after surgery. Intervention 2: 30 cases of patients were injected 4 mg of ondansetron intravenously based on a simple random sampling. Injection was performed by an anesthesiologist who will be unaware of the drugs type before the first surgery incision immediately. The anesthesia were performed with the same way in all three groups. Furthermore, the patient’s nausea and vomiting were checked during 6 and 24 hours after surgery. The patient's recovery period was recorded after surgery. Intervention 3: 30 cases of patients were injected 4 mg of ondansetron plus 8 mg of dexamethasone intravenously based on a simple random sampling. Injection was performed by an anesthesiologist who will be unaware of the drugs type before the first surgery incision immediately. The anesthesia were performed with the same way in all three groups. Furthermore, the patient’s nausea and vomiting were checked during 6 and 24 hours after surgery. The patient's recovery period was recorded after surgery. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Nausea and vomiting Nausea and vomiting. ; Nausea and vomiting PRIMARY OUTCOME: Nausea. Timepoint: In the recovery room, 6 and 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: View and visit (registered in the check list). Recovery time. Timepoint: After laparoscopic cholecystectomy (from time of arrival to the recovery room). Method of measurement: In minutes. Vomit. Timepoint: In the recovery room, 6 and 24 hours after surgery. Method of measurement: View and visit (registered in the check list). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: least 18 years; patients in Group ASA (one and two). Exclusion criteria: Gastroesophageal reflux; severe obesity; airway problem; pregnancy; lactation; liver or kidney disorders; a history of drug addiction; alcoholism; neuromuscular disorders; psychiatric disorders; diabetes, a history of systemic diseases (cardiovascular, respiratory and hypertension).
 Comparison of the effect of Ketamine and Dexamethasone in combination with Lidocaine on the onset and duration of Axillary block in soft tissue surgery of forearm and hand;  INTERVENTION: Control group : Axillary block with 38 cc lidocaine 1% in combination with 2 mL of saline Intervention 1: The intervention group 1 : Axillary block with 38 cc lidocaine 1% in combination with dexamethasone 8 mg in 2 ml. Intervention 2: The intervention group 2 : Axillary block with 38 cc Lidocaine 1% combination with 50 mg of Ketamine in 2 cc. Intervention 3: Control group : Axillary block with 38 cc lidocaine 1% in combination with 2 mL of saline. The intervention group 1 : Axillary block with 38 cc lidocaine 1% in combination with dexamethasone 8 mg in 2 ml The intervention group 2 : Axillary block with 38 cc Lidocaine 1% combination with 50 mg of Ketamine in 2 cc CONDITION: S50, S51, Soft tissue injury of forearm and hand. ; Superficial injury of forearm, Open wound of forearm, Injury of nerves at forearm level,Injury of blood vessels at forearm level, Injury of muscle and tendon at forearm level, Superficial injury of wrist and hand, Open wound of wrist and hand, Injury of Superficial injury of forearm, Open wound of forearm, Injury of nerves at forearm level,Injury of blood vessels at forearm level, Injury of muscle and tendon at forearm level, Superficial injury of wrist and hand, Open wound of wrist and hand, Injury of PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of motor block. Timepoint: every 3 minutes. Method of measurement: Measuring the time between onset of complete paralysis to return of complete movement power with stopwtch. Duration of sensory block. Timepoint: every 3 minutes. Method of measurement: Measuring the time between onset of complete sensory block until the complete return again sense organs with Stopwatch. Onset of motor block. Timepoint: every 3 minutes. Method of measurement: Measuring the length of time between the last injection to complete motor paralysis with Stopwatch. Onset of sensory block. Timepoint: every 3 minutes. Method of measurement: Measuring the length of time between the last injection until complete disappearance of any sense of touch with the stopwatch. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 minutes after Axillary block. Method of measurement: Non‐invasive automatic sphygmomanometer. Nystagmus. Timepoint: 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 minutes after Axillary block. Method of measurement: Find the rapid movements of the eyes of horizontal reciprocating. Pulse rate. Timepoint: 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 minutes after Axillary block. Method of measurement: ECG monitoring. Systolic blood pressure. Timepoint: 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 minutes after Axillary block. Method of measurement: Non‐invasive automatic sphygmomanometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Consent to participate in research project and cooperation for axillary block; No addiction to opium, Benzodiazepine, Clonidine; Absence of liver and kidney failure, diabetes, cardiovascular and lung diseases, coagulopathy; Lack of any allergic history to local anesthetics; No use of opium in the past 48 hours; Absence of anatomical deformity or burning or infection in block region; No pregnancy in female patients. Exclusion criteria: The unwillingness or lack of cooperation from the patient during surgery.
 L-carnitine supplementation and moderate aerobic training in obese women;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Only Placebo, 8 tablets a day for 8 weeks (insoluble starch). Intervention 2: moderate aerobic training, 3 times a week (24 sessions, every session 45 minutes) for 8 week plus Placebo. Intervention 3: L‐carnitine, 8 tablets daily for 8 weeks (each tablet contains 250 mg of L‐carnitine) without aerobic training. Intervention 4: L‐carnitine, 8 tablets daily for 8 weeks (each tablet contains 250 mg of L‐carnitine) plus moderate aerobic training, 3 times a week (24 sessions, every session 45 minutes) for 8 week. L‐carnitine, 8 tablets daily for 8 weeks (each tablet contains 250 mg of L‐carnitine) plus moderate aerobic training, 3 times a week (24 sessions, every session 45 minutes) for 8 week L‐carnitine, 8 tablets daily for 8 weeks (each tablet contains 250 mg of L‐carnitine) without aerobic training Lifestyle moderate aerobic training, 3 times a week (24 sessions, every session 45 minutes) for 8 week plus Placebo Only Placebo, 8 tablets a day for 8 weeks (insoluble starch) Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obesity due to excess calories obesity. ; Obesity due to excess calories PRIMARY OUTCOME: L‐carnitine serum value. Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: kit & spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Antropometric indicators (weight, height, BMI, Waist circumference, hip circumference, Waist to Hip Ratio). Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: physical exam. Body Fat %. Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: ACSM formula and measurement of skin fold thickness according to three site measurements. Fasting serum glucose values. Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method, automatic analyzer. Fasting serum insulin values & Insulin resistance index. Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: chemiluminescance & HOMA formula. Fasting srum lipid profile (LDL,HDL,total cholesterol,TG). Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method, with special kits for assessing TG, HDL, total cholestrol and Friedewald equation for assessing LDL cholestrol. Measurement of Peak Aerobic Capacity ‐ VO2max. Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: With Rockport Walking Test. Serum indices of oxidative stress (TAC,MDA). Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: TAC with special kits, MDA with chemical‐calorimetric & reaction with tiobarbitoric acid. Serum inflammatory values (IL‐6 ,IL‐10, hs‐CRP). Timepoint: Baseline and at the end of intervention. Method of measurement: hs‐CRP assess with immunotorbidometric method andIL‐6& IL‐10 with elayza method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: women with BMI = 30, %BF=30, age 20‐50 years old. Exclusion criteria: any disease that influence metabolic parameters in this trial (liver, cardiovascular, kidney or gastrointestinal diseases, hypo/hyper thyroidism, orthopedic problems, Romatoid artritis, diabetes, hypertension), pregnancy, receiving any vitamin or mineral supplements, people who have usual aerobic training program (more than 3 times a week, 2 hours every time), any special diet.
 Randomized clinical trial of standardized Boswellia cream vs. Silversulfadiazine cream on wound healing in 2nd degree burns;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Dressing the wounds using silver sulfadiazine manufactured by Sobhan Pharmaceutical company after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day. The end of treatment which differs according to patient conditions and wound types will be validated by responsible physician in hospital and will last between 1 week to 3 weeks Intervention 1: Dressing the wounds using Boswellia cream 40% (herbal resin in animal fat base) after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day. The end of treatment which differs according to patient conditions and wound types will be validated by responsible physician in hospital and will last between 1 to 3 weeks. Control group: Dressing the wounds using silver sulfadiazine manufactured by Sobhan factory after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day. The end of treatment which differs according to patient conditions and wound types will be validated by responsible physician in hospital. Intervention 1: Intervention 1: Dressing the wounds using Boswellia cream 40% (herbal resin in animal fat base) after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day. The end of treatment which differs according to patient conditions and wound types will be validated by responsible physician in hospital and will last between 1 to 3 weeks. Control group: Dressing the wounds using silver sulfadiazine manufactured by Sobhan factory after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day. The end of treatment which differs according to patient conditions and wound types will be validated by responsible physician in hospital. Intervention 2: Control group: Dressing the wounds using silver sulfadiazine manufactured by Sobhan Pharmaceutical company after disinfection of wounds according to standard method every other day. The end of treatment which differs according to patient conditions and wound types will be validated by responsible physician in hospital and will last between 1 week to 3 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs PRIMARY OUTCOME: Surface area of wounds needed to be grafted. Timepoint: daily. Method of measurement: by ruller. Wound healing time. Timepoint: daily. Method of measurement: time between admission and epithelialization or preparation for skin graft. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients aged between 20 to 60 years old; 2nd degree burn wounds; burn surface area up to 5% Exclusion criteria: Epilepsy;Diabetes; Cardiovascular diseases; pregnancy; Breast feeding; electrical and respiratory burns CONDITION: ‐Burn and corrosion of trunk ‐Burn and corrosion of shoulder and upper limb ‐Burn and corrosion of wrist and hand ‐Burn and corrosion of hip and lower limb, except ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of trunk ‐Burn and corrosion of shoulder and upper limb ‐Burn and corrosion of wrist and hand ‐Burn and corrosion of hip and lower limb, except ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of ankle and foot ? Condition 1: Offers traditional medicine to heal burn wounds. Condition 2: Provide a standard product from a drug‐ wound repair. ; ‐Burn and corrosion of trunk ‐Burn and corrosion of shoulder and upper limb ‐Burn and corrosion of wrist and hand ‐Burn and corrosion of hip and lower limb, except ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of ankle and foot ? ; ‐Burn and corrosion of trunk ‐Burn and corrosion of shoulder and upper limb ‐Burn and corrosion of wrist and hand ‐Burn and corrosion of hip and lower limb, except ankle and foot ‐Burn and corrosion of ankle and foot T21,T22,T2
 Effect of Iranian traditional medicine-based diet on Non-alcoholic fatty liver(NAFLD);  INTERVENTION: Control group: the detection of Non‐alcoholic fatty¬ liver ( NAFLD) by Ultrasound Images (grade 1 or 2 or 3 ) with body mass index(BMI) Less than or equal 27 will be treated with conventional medicine diet, (this treatment consists of feeding a diet low in calories and fat), and (NAFLD) with BMI greater than 27 and less than or equal 30 will be treated with Venostat capsules (500 milligram 2 times a day) and also conventional medicine diet for 3 months. Intervention 1: Control group: the detection of Non‐alcoholic fatty¬ liver ( NAFLD) by Ultrasound Images (grade 1 or 2 or 3 ) with body mass index(BMI) Less than or equal 27 will be treated with conventional medicine diet, (this treatment consists of feeding a diet low in calories and fat), and (NAFLD) with BMI greater than 27 and less than or equal 30 will be treated with Venostat capsules (500 milligram 2 times a day) and also conventional medicine diet for 3 months. Intervention 2: Intervention group: NAFLD Patients has Body Mass Index (BMI less than 27) treated with diet based on Iranian traditional medicine and NAFLD patient has body mass index (BMI) greater than 27 and less than or equal 30 will be treated with diet based on Iranian traditional medicine and also Hepatomelis (herbal tea consisting of Melissa officinalis and Nigella sativa) twice daily for 3 months. Intervention group: NAFLD Patients has Body Mass Index (BMI less than 27) treated with diet based on Iranian traditional medicine and NAFLD patient has body mass index (BMI) greater than 27 and less than or equal 30 will be treated with diet based on Iranian traditional medicine and also Hepatomelis (herbal tea consisting of Melissa officinalis and Nigella sativa) twice daily for 3 months. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified Non alcoholic fatty liver(NAFLD). ; Fatty (change of) liver, not elsewhere classified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Measure levels of liver enzymes (AST , ALT). Timepoint: Before the intervention; 6 weeks after the intervention;End of the intervention (3 months). Method of measurement: Autoanalyzer. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Body mass index (BMI). Timepoint: Before the intervention;6 weeks after the intervention ;End of the intervention (3 months). Method of measurement: Weight and height measurements by one person in the same center. Ultrasound Images of liver;Fatty tissue infiltration in liver (grade 1 or 2 or 3 ). Timepoint: Before the intervention;6 weeks after the intervention ;End of the intervention (3 months). Method of measurement: The grading of fatty liver infiltration of fat tissue based on ultrasound by one radiologist. Increase in liver enzymes (AST, ALT) and Fasting blood sugar (FBS) during INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age 20 to 60 years? the detection of Non‐alcoholic fatty liver(NAFLD)by Ultrasound Images (grade 1 or 2 or 3 ). Exclusion criteria: diabetes; heart disease; hypertension; over weight(BMI greater than 30 ). familial hyperlipidemia; active alcohol or addiction; discourage patients from continuing to participate in the plan; Breastfeeding; Pregnancy; Any other chronic diseases such as kidney stones, gallstones, cardiovascular surgery; abdominal surgery; CVA; acute hepatitis; acute Pancreatitis; major Surgery during the last 6 months and also any surgery on the liver and gallbladder. Rapid weight loss during the last 3 months for any reason. Drop Out Criteria: Any medication side effects during treatment; Other acute illnesses during the study period who had liver adverse impact on yield: Such as gallstones and surgery and general anesthesia and drugs with liver toxicity;
 The effect of probiotic yogurt and regular yogurt consumption in patients with metabolic syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: 300 g/day probiotic yogurt including Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo group: 300 g/day regular yogurt. Intervention group: 300 g/day probiotic yogurt including Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 for 8 weeks Placebo Placebo group: 300 g/day regular yogurt Prevention CONDITION: ?E88.9 metabolic disorders not specified Metabolic Syndrom. ; metabolic disorders not specified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Anthropometry markers. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Stadiometer, scale, tape. Blood glucose. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Digital monometer. Hs‐CRP. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Immunotorbidometry. Insulin, insulin resistance index. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA and HOMA‐IR formula. Intercellular Adhesion Molecule Type 1 (ICAM‐1). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Interleukin‐6 (IL‐6). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Lipid profile. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Lipopolysaccharides (LPS). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Malondialdehyde (MDA). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Oxidized LDL (OxLDL). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor‐1 (PAI‐1). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Total Antioxidant Capacity. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometry. Tumor Necrosis Factor‐Alpha (TNF‐a). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. Uric Acid. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic. Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule Type 1 (VCAM‐1). Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Appetite. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Appetite Questionnaire (Visual Analouge Scale). Energy and macronutrients intake. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: Three day dietary record questionnair. Physical activity. Timepoint: Begining and end of the intervention. Method of measurement: International Physical Activity Questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Willingness to participate; women and men aged 20‐65 years; diagnosis of the metabolic syndrome based on the presence of any 3 of the criteria defined by the Iranian National Committee of Obesity: waist circumference =95 cm in both genders; fasting serum glucose =100 mg/dl; serum triglyceride =150 mg/dl; serum HDL cholesterol <40 mg/dl in men and <50 mg/dl in women; systolic blood pressure =130 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure =85 mmHg. Exclusion criteria: suffering from cardiovascular disease, renal failure, diabetes and gastrointestinal diseases; receiving antibiotics; supplement of vitamin and minerals, fiber, omega‐3 and probiotic supplements during the two months before the start of the study; presence of pregnancy or lactation or menopause; extreme sports more than 100 minutes per week; having the weight loss diet the three months before the study; hormone therapy; taking contraceptive drugs; alcohol intake, smoking and tobacco; histor
 The Effect of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH) on Insulin Resistance;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The intervention group will prescribe DASH diet that is rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low fat dairy products, and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets .The diets would be prescribed weekly, and an exchange list would be given to each patient for exchanging food items and counting the calories. A nutritionist will teach subjects how to apply the exchange list and write food diaries. Every participant will bring her 3‐day diet records every month, and the dairies would be reviewed by N4 nutritional software and their compliance would be assessed by analyzing the three food record diaries monthly and the attendance at meetings and monthly visits. Intervention 2: The control group was recommended to “eat as usual” and received healthy dietary advises which would be printed on a paper .Every participant will bring his 3‐day diet records every month, and the dairies would be reviewed by NUTRITIONIST 4 software and their diet was assessed by analyzing the three food record diaries. Lifestyle The control group was recommended to “eat as usual” and received healthy dietary advises which would be printed on a paper .Every participant will bring his 3‐day diet records every month, and the dairies would be reviewed by NUTRITIONIST 4 software and their diet was assessed by analyzing the three food record diaries. The intervention group will prescribe DASH diet that is rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low fat dairy products, and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains and sweets .The diets would be prescribed weekly, and an exchange list would be given to each patient for exchanging food items and counting the calories. A nutritionist will teach subjects how to apply the exchange list and write food diaries. Every participant will bring her 3‐day diet records every month, and the dairies would be reviewed by N4 nutritional software and their compliance would be assessed by analyzing the three food record diaries monthly and the attendance at meetings and monthly visits. CONDITION: healthy obese volunteer. ; Simple obesity NOS Simple obesity NOS PRIMARY OUTCOME: Insulin resistance. Timepoint: Before Intervention and After 3 Months. Method of measurement: Hemostatic Model Assessment(HOMA). IRS1 Gene Expression. Timepoint: Before Intervention and After 3 Months. Method of measurement: Real Time Polymerase Chain Reaction. PPAR gamma Gene Expression. Timepoint: Before Intervention and After 3 Months. Method of measurement: Real Time Polymerase Chain Reaction. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Fasting Insulin. Timepoint: Before Study and After 3 Month. Method of measurement: Elisa Method. Fasting Sugar. Timepoint: Before Study and After 3 Months. Method of measurement: Caloremetric. Weight. Timepoint: Before Study and After 3 Months. Method of measurement: Scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: female; Body Mass Index above 30; age 20‐50; absence of cardiovascular; hepatic; renal; thyroid; diabetes; rheumatoid arthritis; lupus; severe infection; trauma; allergy disease; don't use of multivitamin and mineral or omega‐3 fatty acids supplements; don't regular use of antacid drugs containing magnesium and calcium ; consumption Aspirin and Non Steroid Anti Inflammation; and anti‐depressant and hormone drugs; lack of pregnancy and breastfeeding; don't get weight loss in 6 months (more than 1 kg; don't use of tobacco and alcohol. Exclusion criteria: Failure to follow the prescribed diet( energy intake is different more than 300 calorie from prescribed as regard to food record analysis ), if weight change is more than 5%, diagnosis one of mentioned disease in inclusion criteria and using of chemical or herbal medicines during the study.
 Phase 3, Two-Stage, Randomized, Multicenter, Open-label Study Comparing Iberdomide, Daratumumab and Dexamethasone (IberDd) versus Daratumumab, Bortezomib, and Dexamethasone (DVd) in Subjects with Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM);  INTERVENTION: Stage 1 Treatment Arms A1, A2 and A3 and Stage 2 Arm A (iberdomide, daratumumab and dexamethasone): ‐ Oral iberdomide at 1, 1.3 and 1.6 mg once daily from Days 1 to 21 of a 28‐day cycle ‐ Daratumumab administered as 1800 mg subcutaneously co‐formulated with 30,000 units of recombinant human hyaluronidase (rHuPH20) for: • Cycles 1 and 2 on Days 1, 8, 15 and 22 of a 28‐day cycle • Cycles 3 to 6 on Days 1 and 15 of a 28‐day cycle • Cycles 7+ on Day 1 of a 28‐day cycle ‐ Oral dexamethasone will be administered at a total dose of 40 mg weekly on Days 1, 8, 15 and 22. For subjects older than 75 years, underweight (body mass inde X[BMI] < 18.5), have poorly controlled diabetes, or prior intolerance/adverse event to steroid therapy, dexamethasone may be administered at a dose of 20 mg weekly on Days 1, 8, 15 and 22. • On daratumumab administration days, dexamethasone will be utilized as the treatment dose of steroid for that particular day, as well as the required premedication prior to the daratumumab administration. Treatment Arm B (daratumumab, bortezomib and dexamethasone): ‐ Daratumumab administered as 1800 mg subcutaneously co‐formulated with 30,000 units recombinant human hyaluronidase (rHuPH20) for: • Cycles 1 to 3 on Days 1, 8 and 15 of a 21‐day cycle • Cycles 4 to 8 on Day 1 of a 21‐day cycle • Cycles 9+ on Day 1 of a 28‐day cycle ‐ Bortezomib administered subcutaneously at a starting dose of 1.3 mg/m2 for: • Cycles 1 to 8 on Days 1, 4, 8 and 11 of a 21‐day cycle ‐ Oral dexamethasone will be administered at a starting dose of 20 mg for: • Cycles 1 to 8 on Days 1, 2, 4, 5, 8, 9, 11 and 12 of a 21‐day cycle. For subjects older than 75 years, underweight (BMI < 18.5), have CONDITION: ; Multiple Myeloma; cancer of pasma cells (a type of white blood cells) 10047954 PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overview of Key Efficacy Assessments ; • Myeloma paraprotein (serum and 24‐hour urine) ; • Serum immunofixation ; • Serum immunoglobulins ; • Serum free light chains ; • Bone marrow aspiration/biopsy ; • Percent plasma cells in the bone marrow ; • Radiographic assessments of lytic bone lesions ; • Extramedullary plasmacytoma (EMP) assessments ; • Minimal residual disease assessment ; • Response per International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG) criteria ; ; Overview of Key Safety Assessments ; • Adverse events (AEs) ; • Complete physical examination including vital signs and venous thromboembolism ; • (VTE) monitoring ; • Clinical laboratory evaluations (hematology, chemistry) ; • Electrocardiogram (ECG) ; • Pregnancy testing/counselling ; • Concomitant medications and procedures; SECONDARY OUTCOME: not applicable ; INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Subject is >= 18 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent form (ICF). 2. Subject must understand and voluntarily sign an ICF prior to any study‐related assessments/procedures being conducted. 3. Subject is willing and able to adhere to the study visit schedule and other protocol requirements. 4. Subject has documented diagnosis of MM and measurable disease, defined as any of the following: a. M‐protein quantities >= 1 g/dL by serum protein electrophoresis (sPEP) or >= 200 mg/24‐hour urine collection by urine protein electrophoresis (uPEP); or b. Light chain MM without measurable disease in serum or urine: serum free light chain (FLC) levels > 100 mg/L (10 mg/dL) involved light chain and an abnormal kappa/lambda FLC ratio 5. Subject has received 1 to 2 prior lines of anti‐myeloma therapy. 6. Subject achieved a response (partial response [PR] or better) to at least 1 prior antimyeloma regim
 Effect of Adding Aripiprazole to Li Therapy in Children & Adolescents with BPD;  INTERVENTION: Control Group: day 1 to 3: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 2.5mg Placebo once daily po ‐ day 3 to 5: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 5mg Placebo once daily po ‐ day 5 to 7: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 10mg Placebo once daily po – day 7 to the end of the study: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 15mg Placebo once daily po ‐unless dose adjustments required. The patients will receive Lorazepam po PRN or Halopridol Inj PRN if needed. Intervention 1: Intervention group: day 1 to 3: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) +2.5mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ day 3 to 5: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 5mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ day 5 to 7: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 10mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ day 7 to the end of Study: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 15mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ unless dose adjustments required. The patients will receive Lorazepam po PRN or Halopridol Inj PRN if needed. Intervention 2: Control Group: day 1 to 3: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 2.5mg Placebo once daily po ‐ day 3 to 5: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 5mg Placebo once daily po ‐ day 5 to 7: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 10mg Placebo once daily po – day 7 to the end of the study: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 15mg Placebo once daily po ‐unless dose adjustments required. The patients will receive Lorazepam po PRN or Halopridol Inj PRN if needed. Intervention group: day 1 to 3: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) +2.5mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ day 3 to 5: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 5mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ day 5 to 7: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 10mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ day 7 to the end of Study: Lithium with usual dose (300mg TDS or QID po) + 15mg Aripiprazole once daily po ‐ unless dose adjustments required. The patients will receive Lorazepam po PRN or Halopridol Inj PRN if needed. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Bipolar Disorder Manic/Mixed phase in Children & Adolescents. ; Manic episode Manic episode PRIMARY OUTCOME: Efficacy. Timepoint: Baseline, 3 and 6 weeks after the treatment. Method of measurement: Young Mania Rating Scale, CGI‐Improvement and CGAS Scales. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: hospitalized Patients, between 10 to 17 years old, diagnosis of BPD based on DSM‐IV‐TR Exclusion criteria: Hypersensitivity to Aripiprazole or Lithium, Severe Medical Conditions (cardiovascular disorders, hepatic, renal and thyroid dysfunctions & severe diabetes), Serious Neurological Disorders, Dehydration, Ketoacidosis, Pregnancy, Lactation, MR patients SECONDARY OUTCOME: Blood Cells Counting. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: CBC Laboratory test. Changes in blood glucose level. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: FBS Laboratory test. Changes in serum creatinine level. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: Serum Cr. Laboratory test. Changes in T4, TSH levels. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: Thyroid function test. Changes in Total Cholesterol level. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: Total Chol. Laboratory test. Changes in Triglycerides Fasting level. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: TG Laboratory test. Other side effects of treatments. Timepoint: after 3 and 6 weeks of treatment. Method of measurement: Side Effect Check List. Weight changes. Timepoint: Before Entering the Study and 6 Weeks after treatments. Method of measurement: measuring weight by balance.
 Birth Control Pill vs Birth Control Patch Study;  Twenty‐four non‐pregnant women 18‐35 years of age, who had not been on hormonal contraception for at least 2 months prior to the study or who were least 3 months postpartum and non‐lactating, were enrolled in this study between October 2003 and February 2005. The study protocol was approved by the University of Vermont Institutional Review Board, and all participants gave written informed consent. Exclusion criteria for participation were personal or family history of venous thromboembolism or coagulation disorders, pregnancy, uncontrolled hypertension, cardiovascular disease, complicated migraine headaches, breast cancer, diabetes, abnormal uterine bleeding, liver disease, or desire for pregnancy in less than 6 months. This study was a randomized investigator‐blind, cross‐over clinical trial. The daily oral contraceptive contained 35 micrograms ethinyl estradiol and 250 micrograms norgestimate (Ortho Cylen®). The weekly transdermal hormonal contraceptive contained 0.75 milligrams ethinyl estradiol and 6.0 milligrams norelgestromin (Ortho Evra®). Norelgestromin is the active progestin metabolite of orally administered norgestimate. For the oral form the average steady state plasma concentration (Css) of ethinyl estradiol was 49.3 picograms/milliliter and of norelgestromin 0.73 nanograms/milliliter and for the transdermal form these concentrations were 80.0 picograms/milliliter and 0.888 nanograms/milliliter, respectively at the end of the second month of use.17 The average weekly exposure, calculated as area under the curve (AUC0‐168pg.h/mL) for ethinyl estradiol was 55% higher with transdermal than with the oral contraceptive. The maximum ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin levels (Cmax) were 133 pg/ml and 2.16 ng/ml for the oral form and 97.4 pg/ml and 1.12 ng/ml for the transdermal form.17 The application location of the patch does not alter the Css or Cmax.18 Medications were supplied to the patients by a research nurse and the completed packets were returned to document compliance. The contraceptives and the funding for the study were supplied by research grants from the University of Vermont Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. There were four phlebotomies performed for each subject. Blood was drawn on menstrual cycle day 18 to 21 prior to the study, within 4 days of either the last pill or removal of the last patch, and on cycle day 18 to 21 in the second month of the washout period. Blood was collected using standardized methods with minimal stasis into vacutainer tubes, immediately placed on ice and centrifuged at 4oC. Plasma and serum was stored at ‐70oC until completion of the study. The normalized activated protein C sensitivity ratio (nAPCsr) was measured using two thrombin generation assays. In the first assay, coagulation was triggered in defibrinated plasma with tissue factor in the presence and absence of activated protein C and the amount of thrombin captured in complex with a2‐macroglobulin over 30 minutes was taken as a measure for thrombin generation and used to calculate the nAPCsr (nAPCsr α2M‐IIa).14 In the second assay, the nAPCsr (nAPCsr CAT) was determined by measuring thrombin generation in the presence and absence of activated protein C in full plasma in real‐time with a fluorogenic thrombin substrate using calibrated automated thrombinography (CAT).19 The CV's of the nAPCsr α2M‐IIa and nAPCsr CAT were 3.5% and 7%, respectively. Prior to enrollment, participants underwent a physical examination including gynecologic examination. Women on hormonal contraceptives at recruitment were given barrier contraceptives for two months prior to starting the study. Participants were assigned a random identification number which indicated the sequence in which transdermal or oral contraceptives would be given. The daily oral contraceptive or weekly transdermal contraceptive was given with the typical dosing of three weeks active treatment followed by one week without hormone use. Following the first two months of hormonal contraceptive, each participated returned to barrier contraceptive for a two month washout period, then received two months of the alternative hormonal contraceptive. The investigators were blind to the order of contraceptive assigned for each participant. Laboratory assays were performed in batch with each participant's serial samples analyzed in the same run. D‐dimer, von Willebrand factor and antithrombin were measured using immuno‐turbidometric assays on the STA‐R analyzer (Liatest D‐Di, Liatest vWF, Liatest ATIII, Diagnostica Stago, Parsippany, NJ) with coefficients of variation (CVs) of 3.0%, 3.85%, and 4.0‐8.0% respectively. Factor VIII was determined by measuring the clotting time of the sample in factor VIII deficient plasma (STA‐Deficient VIII; Diagnostica Stago, Parsippany, NJ) with a CV of 3.5%. Free and total protein S were measured by immunoassay (Asserachrom Free and Total Protein S, Diagnostica Stago, Parsippany, NJ) with CVs of 14.0% and 4.0% respectively. Fibrinogen and C‐reactive protein were measured by immunonephelometry using the BNII instrument (N Antiserum to Human Fibrinogen, N High Sensitivity CRP, Dade‐Behring, Deerfield, IL) with CVs of 2.3‐4% and 2.6% respectively. Repeated measures analyses of variance corresponding to a cross‐over design incorporating both baseline and washout periods were used to determine the significance associated with differences between the hormonal contraceptive treatments for each of the biomarkers tested. Pre‐planned contrasts were used to test for differences between the pre‐treatment periods corresponding to oral and transdermal active treatments. Contrasts were also used to test for changes from pre‐treatment to active treatment within each treatment and to determine whether these changes were parallel across the two active treatments. Biomarkers that had non‐normal distributions based on residual plots were log transformed prior to analysis. Based on the analyses of variance results, there was no evidence of any significant order effects for any of the biomarkers. Analyses were performed using SAS Version 8.2 (SAS Institute, Cary, NC). Statistical significance was determined based on a=.05
 Comparison of the effects of ShockWave Therapy and physiothreapy in teratment of muscular pain of shoulder;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Shockwave therapy with shockwave instrument(2000 impulses,5Hz,EFD=0.1 mj/mm2) for 3 sessions( 1 session per week) with stretch exercises of shoulder muscles at home for 20 days(twice a day). Intervention 2: Routine physiothrapy for 10 sessions( 3 sessions per week) with stretch exercises of shoulder muscles at home for 20 days(twice a day).physiotherapy includes: hot pack for 20 minutes with heat of 74.5 degrees celsius. Electrical nerve stimulation with frequencies of 70 to 80 hertz for 25 minutes. Continuous ultrasonography with dose of 1.25 to 1.5 w/cm2. Intervention 3: The third group will do stretch exercises of shoulder for 20 days( twice a day). Rehabilitation Routine physiothrapy for 10 sessions( 3 sessions per week) with stretch exercises of shoulder muscles at home for 20 days(twice a day).physiotherapy includes: hot pack for 20 minutes with heat of 74.5 degrees celsius. Electrical nerve stimulation with frequencies of 70 to 80 hertz for 25 minutes. Continuous ultrasonography with dose of 1.25 to 1.5 w/cm2 Shockwave therapy with shockwave instrument(2000 impulses,5Hz,EFD=0.1 mj/mm2) for 3 sessions( 1 session per week) with stretch exercises of shoulder muscles at home for 20 days(twice a day). The third group will do stretch exercises of shoulder for 20 days( twice a day). Treatment ‐ Devices Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: Muscular pain syndrome. ; Shoulder lesion, unspecified Shoulder lesion, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Ability to manage in erveryday life. Timepoint: before treatment, immediately after treatment and one month after treatment. Method of measurement: Neck Disability index questionnaire. Pain Pressure Treshold. Timepoint: before treatment, immediately after treatment and one month after treatment. Method of measurement: Algometer device. Pain. Timepoint: before treatment, immediately after treatment and one month after treatment. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale with grading from zero to 100 millimeters. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Range of motion of neck. Timepoint: before treatment, immediately after treatment and one month after treatment. Method of measurement: Inclinometer device. Range of motion of shoulder joints. Timepoint: before treatment, immediately after treatment and one month after treatment. Method of measurement: Goniometer. Shoulder muscle forces. Timepoint: before treatment, immediately after treatment and one month after treatment. Method of measurement: Physical examination. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: age between 20 to 55 years old,at physical examination presence of palpable taut bands along that there are one or more trigger points that pressure on them causese pain , pain at least for 2 months, severity of pain at least 30 millimeters in Visual Analogue Scale, normal neurologic examination, absence of other diseases( such as radiculopathy,severe osteoarthritis, rheumatic disese) that will be ruled out with blood tests, simple graphy,MRI and electrodiagnostic studies, Absence of recent accident and recent surgery and fracture of spinal column, absence of shoulder injection in recent 2‐3 months, absence of dry needling injection, absence of shockwave contraindications( hemorrhagic disorders, use of anticoagulants,thrombosis, tumors, cardiac pacemaker, pregnancy, diabetic polyneuropathy), Exclusion criteria: absence of inclusion criteria and patients with psychotic disorders such as depression and anxiety that take treatment and patients that
 Prospective, randomized, long-term study compairing a Neoral (C-0h monitoring)-based steroid-free to an everolimus-myfortic based, calcineurin-inhibitor-free immunosuppressive treatment on graft function and on the long term impact on cardiovascular risk factors after "de novo" kidney transplantation. - Première;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Myfortic 180 mg Product Name: Myfortic Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: sodium mycophenolate Concentration number: 180‐ Trade Name: Certican 0.25 mg Product Name: certican Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: everolimus Concentration number: 0.25‐ Trade Name: Myfortic 360 mg Product Name: sodium mycophenolate Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: sodium mycophenolate Concentration number: 360‐ Trade Name: Certican 0.50 mg Product Name: certican Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: everolimus Concentration number: 0.50‐ Trade Name: Certican 0.75 mg Product Name: certican Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: everolimus Concentration number: 0.75‐ Trade Name: Neoral 10 mg Product Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: cyclosporin Concentration number: 10‐ Trade Name: Neoral 25 mg Product Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: cyclosporin Concentration number: 25‐ Trade Name: Neoral 50 mg Product Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: cyclosporin Concentration number: 50‐ Trade Name: Neoral 100 mg Product Name: Neoral Pharmaceutical Form: Capsule* INN or Proposed INN: cyclosporin Concentration number: 100‐ CONDITION: “De novo” renal transplantation PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: To compare two immunosuppressive regimens, one combining a calcineurin inhibitor (CsA) and an IMPDH inhibitor (Myfortic) with no steroids, with a combination of an IMPDH inhibitor (Myfortic), a m‐TOR inhibitor (certican), and low‐dose wteroids with no calcineurin inhibotir, on 1) graft function at 12 months; 2) long‐term cardiovascular effects of the two treatment strategies; 3) rejection rates of the two treatment strategies. Primary end point(s): Graft function at 1 year as measured by calculated GFR Secondary Objective: ‐ Frequency of biopsy proven acute rejection episodes; ‐ Incidence of clinical acute rejection episodes ; ‐ Incidence of rejection treated by antibodies ; ‐ Time to first rejection ; ‐ Severity of rejection as assessed by BANFF 97 score; ‐ Number of acute rejections per patient; ‐ Plasma creatinine and calculated GFR ; ‐ Proteinuria ; ‐ Incidence and score of borderline changes and acute rejection ; ‐ Incidence and score of chronic allograft changes ; ‐ Graft survival; ‐ Patient survival; ‐ Development and evolution of glucose abnormalities ; ‐ Use of insulin and oral anti‐diabetics; ‐ Blood pressure at each study visit; ‐ Ambulatory 24‐hrs. blood pressure monitoring ; ‐ Left ventricular mass assessed by echocardiography ; ‐ Fasting Lipid profile ; ‐ Micro‐CRP ; ‐ Fasting Homocystein levels in plasma ; ‐ Folic acid levels in plasma ; ‐ Vitamin B12 levels in plasma ; ‐ Plasma frozen samples for further analysis INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ First or second kidney transplantation ‐ Males and females 18 years old or older ‐ Women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum or urine pregnancy test with sensitivity equal to at least 50 mIU/ml. ‐ Patients must be capable of understanding the purpose and risks of the study and must sign an informed consent form Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range
 Assesing topical analgesia during painful cures;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Lidocaina B.Braun 5% solución inyectable Product Name: Lidocaína B. Braun 50 mg/ml solución inyectable Pharmaceutical Form: Cutaneous solution INN or Proposed INN: lidocaina CAS Number: 137‐58‐6 Current Sponsor code: LIDO‐0,5 Other descriptive name: LIDOCAINE HYDROCHLORIDE SOLUTION 0.5% Concentration unit: % percent Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.5‐ Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Cutaneous liquid Route of administration of the placebo: Topical use (Noncurrent) CONDITION: Evaluate pain reduction during wound cleaning after previous application of topic solution of lidocaine vs. placebo Therapeutic area: Not possible to specify PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Demonstrate that the application of lidocaine foams prior to wound cleaning, reduces pain of the procedure, compared to the cleaning done after application of saline; with quantified by the reduced value as Verbal Numerical Scale (EVN) with a range of 0 to 10. Primary end point(s): Differential to score in the EVN (0‐10), between the first cure performed without foams vs the cure performed after applying the study solution fomentations (lidocaine or placebo, as appropriate by randomization). Secondary Objective: ‐ To assess the safety of treatment with lidocaine vs. placebo: adverse effects.; ‐ Evaluate if there are differences in the pain score between 5 minutes after the end of the cure, between the cure performed without foments vs the cure performed after applying the study solution foments (Lidocaine or Placebo, as appropriate by randomization); ‐ Approximate if the time of application, respecting an interval between 7 and 15 minutes, influences the decrease of pain.; ‐ Evaluate if the use of foams during the cure, reduces the pain to the 24 hours following the cure Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The value of the EVN scale after each cure will be obtained. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): 1. Differential score in the EVN (0‐10) at 15 minutes after the end of the cure, between the cure performed without foments vs the cure performed after applying the study solution foments (lidocaine or placebo, as applicable by randomization ).; 2. Approximate if the time of application, respecting an interval of between 7 and 15 minutes, influences the decrease of pain.; 3.Differential score 24 hours after the cure, between the two cures (no foments vs foments); 4. Clinical monitoring of the occurrence of adverse effects:; 4.1. Local complications secondary to the application of lidocaine or placebo; 4.2. Systemic complications secondary to absorption of local anesthetic (neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or other abnormalities) If any symptoms of systemic alteration appear, we would perform an ECG and, if necessary, determine methemoglobinemia. In case of any systemic adverse effects, the anesthesic medical doctor would accompany the patient to the emergency room. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: The secondary end points will be evaluated after each cure and after 24 hours the investigator team will do a follow telephone call visit INCLUSION CRITERIA: a) signed and dated informed consent before randomization process b) male or female c) older or equal to 18 years d) Patients with painful wound care e) Wounds or ulcers of any origin (vascular deficit, diabetic, traumatic, postsurgical ...) with skin damaged f) Women with a negative result on a pregnancy test. g) Men and women of childbearing potential must agree to use effective contraception throughout treatment Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 46 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 46
 Assesing topical analgesia during painful cures;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: LIDOCAÍNA CLORHIDRATO 5% Fresenius Kabi, Solución inyectable Product Name: LIDOCAINE Product Code: LIDO‐0,5 Pharmaceutical Form: Cutaneous solution INN or Proposed INN: LIDOCAINE CAS Number: 137‐58‐6 Other descriptive name: LIDOCAINE Concentration unit: % percent Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 0.5‐0.5 Pharmaceutical form of the placebo: Cutaneous foam Route of administration of the placebo: Topical use (Noncurrent) CONDITION: Evaluate pain reduction during wound cleaning after previous application of topic solution of lidocaine vs. placebo Therapeutic area: Not possible to specify PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: demonstrate that the application of lidocaine foams prior to wound cleaning, reduces pain of the procedure, compared to the cleaning done after application of saline; with quantified by the reduced value as Verbal Numerical Scale (EVN) with a range of 0 to 10. Primary end point(s): Effectivity as differential between EVN score (0‐10), by applying gauze wetted with the content of the preparation number one (always contain physiological saline) vs. applying gauze wetted with the content of the second preparation (study drug: lidocaine or placebo, depending on randomization). Secondary Objective: ? Determine whether the application of lidocaine foams reduces the need to administer rescue doses of systemic analgesics required for cure. ; ? Determine if it reduces the daily need for rescue analgesia ; ? To determine what proportion of patients require two applications to study drug ; ? To assess the safety of treatment with lidocaine vs. placebo: adverse effects. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: the value of the EVN scale after each cure will be obtained. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Secondary end point(s): a) Differential between EVN score (0‐10), by applying gauze wetted with the content of the preparation number one (always contain physiological saline) vs. applying gauze wetted with the content of the third preparation (study drug: lidocaine or placebo, always containing the same drug preparation number two), if the patient has needed this third application for persistent pain (EVN> 3 during healing after application of the second preparation). ; b) Reduction of the need of rescue analgesia during cure. ; c) Reduction of the need of rescue analgesia required daily ; d) Number of patients who required two applications of treatment (preparation two and three) for pain control. ; e) Changes in clinical and laboratory values safety related:; ‐Local complications secondary to the application of lidocaine or placebo ; ‐Complications secondary to systemic absorption of local anesthetic (neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or otherwise) ; ‐If any symptoms of systemic disturbance appear, we would conduct the appropriate complementary examinations, including determination of methemoglobinemia. Timepoint(s) of evaluation of this end point: the secondary end points will be evaluated after each cure INCLUSION CRITERIA: a) signed and dated informed consent before randomization process b) male or female c) older or equal to 18 years d) Patients with painful wound care e) Wounds or ulcers of any origin (vascular deficit, diabetic, traumatic, postsurgical ...) with skin damaged f) Women with a negative result on a pregnancy test. g) Men and women of childbearing potential must agree to use effective contraception throughout treatment Are the trial subjects under 18? no Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) yes F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range 10 F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) yes F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range 15
 Phase I clinical study to evaluate the safety and tolerability of Quadrivalent Influenza Vaccine (QIV) delivered intradermally by a high-density micro-array patch (HD MAP), compared to intramuscular Influvac® Tetra injection, in healthy adults aged 18 to 50 years;  INTERVENTION: • QIV HD‐MAP intradermal (ID) delivery system (VXS‐1222) (active); • Uncoated, vaccine‐free HD‐MAP ID delivery system (VXS 1222U) (inactive); • Influvac® Tetra (Northern Hemisphere [NH] 2022/2023) intramuscular (IM) injection (active comparator). VXS‐1222 is an integrated, single‐use, ID QIV delivery system containing a mechanical, dome‐spring that applies an array of micro‐projections to the skin at approximately 20 m/s. The spring is actuated by pressing down on the top of the applicator with a finger and the whole delivery system (including the HD‐MAP) is removed after two minutes of application time. VXS‐1222 (active) includes an aseptically produced 0.64 cm² polymer array (or ‘patch’) with approximately 1,600 micro‐projections. VXS‐1222 (active) HD‐MAP will be coated with 30 µg, 60 µg or 100 µg HA of QIV. Based on an estimated 70% transfer of QIV into study participants, approximately 21, 42 or 70 µg of QIV will be delivered ID per VXS 1222 HD‐MAP application. The QIV to be used in VXS‐1222 (active) is comprised of the following 2022/2023 Northern Hemisphere strains: • A/Victoria/2570/2019 (H1N1) pdm09‐like strain; • A/Darwin/9/2021 (H3N2)‐like strain; • B/Austria/1359417/2021‐like strain (Victoria lineage); • B/Phuket/3073/2013‐like strain (Yamagata lineage). The QIV virus strain composition is identical to Influvac Tetra (NH 2022/2023) (active comparator). These are also the same strains that were used in the TGA‐approved Southern Hemisphere 2022 Influvac Tetra vaccine (AUST R 292237, Viatris Pty Ltd). Eligible participants (n=150) will be randomised into the one of the following five treatment groups and will receive a single treatment of ID VXS‐1222 (active), ID VXS 1222U (inactive), or IM Influvac Tetra (NH 2022/2023) (act CONDITION: Respiratory ‐ Other respiratory disorders / diseases respiratory infection;Influenza; ; respiratory infection ; Influenza PRIMARY OUTCOME: Safety and tolerability of Intradermal delivery (via HD‐MAP) of VXS‐1222 at 21 µg (5 µg per strain), 42 µg (11 µg per strain) and 70 µg (18 µg/strain) HA, compared to Intra muscular delivery of QIV at 60 µg (15µg per strain) HA and VXS‐1222U (uncoated, vaccine free HD MAP).; ; Measured by:; Treatment site assessment of treatment site visibility, swelling or flaking assessed by clinical examination.; Any reported Adverse events.; There are no expected Adverse events other than localised skin responses to the HD‐MAP or IM injection and these are listed in the Patient Information Form..; [Days 4, 8, 22 and 57 post administration] SECONDARY OUTCOME: skin penetration performance of applied HD MAPs at 21 µg (5 µg per strain), 42 µg (11 µg per strain) and 70 µg (18 µg/strain) HA ; ; measured by scanning electron microscopy[immediately after administration and HD‐MAP removal from skin] the systemic immune response of ID delivery of VXS‐1222 at 21 µg (5 µg per strain), 42 µg (11 µg per strain) and 70 µg (18 µg/strain) HA, compared to IM QIV at 60 µg (15µg per strain) HA and VXS‐1222U (uncoated, vaccine free HD‐MAP) determined by antibody titres from whole blood samples[Days 8, 22 and 57 post administration] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Aged 18 to 50 years (inclusive) at the time of consent; 2) Body mass inde X(BMI) within the range 18.0 to 32.0 kg/m² (inclusive) at Screening; 3) Being in good health, as determined by satisfactory medical history, physical examination, vital signs, laboratory evaluation and clinical judgment of the Investigator. Participants with stable, chronic underlying illnesses such as psychiatric/psychological disorders, hypertension, diabetes, ischemic heart disease or hypothyroidism (or other conditions as per investigator’s discretion) may be enrolled provided their signs and symptoms are controlled. If on regular prescription medication, the medication dose must have been stable for at least three months prior to Screening; 4) Adequate venous access in left or right arm to allow collection of a number of small‐volume blood samples at different time points; 5) Women of childbearing potential must return a negative pregnancy test at Screening (serum) and
 The DIAMOND trial - DIfferent Approaches to MOderate & late preterm Nutrition: determinants of feed tolerance, body composition and development: protocol of a randomised trial;  BACKGROUND: Babies born at moderate‐late preterm gestations account for > 80% of all preterm births. Although survival is excellent, these babies are at increased risk of adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. They also are at increased risk of adverse long‐term health outcomes, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. There is little evidence guiding optimal nutritional practices in these babies; practice, therefore, varies widely. This factorial design clinical trial will address the role of parenteral nutrition, milk supplementation and exposure of the preterm infant to taste and smell with each feed on time to tolerance of full feeds, adiposity, and neurodevelopment at 2 years. METHODS/DESIGN: The DIAMOND trial is a multi‐centre, factorial, randomised, controlled clinical trial. A total of 528 babies born between 32+ 0 and 35+ 6 weeks' gestation receiving intravenous fluids and whose mothers intend to breastfeed will be randomised to one of eight treatment conditions that include a combination of each of the three interventions: (i) intravenous amino acid solution vs. intravenous dextrose solution until full milk feeds established; (ii) milk supplement vs. exclusive breastmilk, and (iii) taste/smell given or not given before gastric tube feeds. Babies will be excluded if a particular mode of nutrition is clinically indicated or there is a congenital abnormality. Primary study outcome: For parenteral nutrition and milk supplement interventions, body composition at 4 months' corrected age. For taste/smell intervention, time to full enteral feeds defined as 150 ml.kg‐ 1.day‐ 1 or exclusive breastfeeding. SECONDARY OUTCOMES: Days to full sucking feeds; days in hospital; body composition at discharge; growth to 2 years' corrected age; development at 2 years' corrected age; breastfeeding rates. DISCUSSION: This trial will provide the first direct evidence to inform feeding practices in moderate‐ to late‐preterm infants that will optimise their growth, metabolic and developmental outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ‐ ACTRN12616001199404 . This trial is endorsed by the IMPACT clinical trials network ( https://impact.psanz.com.au ).
 The effect of cinnamon (Cinnamomum zelanicum) on healing and pain of episiotomy among primigravid women;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Receiving placebo ointment Intervention 1: Intervention group: Receiving cinnamon ointment. Intervention 2: Control group: Receiving placebo ointment. Intervention group: Receiving cinnamon ointment Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Episiotomy. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy healing wound. Timepoint: Pre intervention and 8±1 hour after intervention and ten days afer delivery. Method of measurement: REEDA (Redness, Edema, Ecchymosis, Discharge, Approximation. Severity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: Befor intervention and 4±1 , 8±1 hours after intervention and ten days after intervention. Method of measurement: Visual analogue scale (VAS). SECONDARY OUTCOME: ?Number of Mefenamic acid capsules used. Timepoint: Tenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: count of remaining Capsules. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: • being primipara • being literate • Access to telephone line • gestational age 37 to 42 weeks • Having a singleton live child • aged 20 to 35 years • Repair of Episiotomy incision by a provider with at least six months experience• willingness to participate in the study. • willingness and ability to continue coming to Alzahra or Taleghani hospital for the care Exclusion criteria: • use of drugs or psychotropic substances (according to the woman or her physical records) • use of certain drugs (according to the participant) • history of diseases like systemic disease, cardiac, renal, pulmonary, coagulation disorders, immune deficiency, connective tissue disorders, diabetes, mental illness, haemophilia that may intervene with the healing • following a special diet • long‐term rupture of amniotic sac (over 18 hours) • severe anaemia (haemoglobin less than 7) (based on haemoglobin assessed at admission) • history of hypersensitivity to certain
 Comparison of normal saline solution and dextrose saline infusion on duration of active phase and second stage of labor in nulliparous women;  INTERVENTION: Infusion of normal salin 120 cc/h in active phase of labor Infusion of dexterose saline 5% 120cc/h in active phase of labor Intervention 1: Infusion of normal salin 120 cc/h in active phase of labor. Intervention 2: Infusion of dexterose saline 5% 120cc/h in active phase of labor. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Delivery. ; Spontaneous vertex delivery Single spo Spontaneous vertex delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of active phase of labor. Timepoint: Vaginal examination : bigining of active phase (cervical dilatation 3‐5 cm ) , time of full dilatation (10 cm). Method of measurement: Minute. Duration of second phase of labor. Timepoint: Time of full dilatation until expulsion of fetus. Method of measurement: Minute. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Apgar score. Timepoint: First Minute, minute 5 after birth. Method of measurement: Apgar tab. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: gestational age 36 weeks or more; nulliparity; singleton; cephalic presentation; cervical dilatation 3‐5 cm (active phase of labor). Exclusion criteria: diabetes; preeclampsia; cardiac or kidney diseases; intrauterian fetal death; chorioamnionitis; meconium in amniotic fluid; fetal distress.
 Comparison of intravenous injection of acetaminophen (apotel) and pethidine on the severity of postoperative pain in patients with cesarean section under spinal anesthesia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: intravenous acetaminophen 1000mg? based on average pain severity at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, Daroupakhsh Pharmaceutical product. Intervention 2: Pethidine 1 mg per kg body weight, based on average pain severity at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, Daroupakhsh Pharmaceutical product. intravenous acetaminophen 1000mg? based on average pain severity at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, Daroupakhsh Pharmaceutical product Pethidine 1 mg per kg body weight, based on average pain severity at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, Daroupakhsh Pharmaceutical product Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Acute Pain Acute pain. ; Acute Pain PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of pain. Timepoint: at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6. Method of measurement: Visual Scale of Pain. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with 1 and 2 ASA class of Anesthesia; Term gestational age; absence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular; hepatic and renal disease. exclusion criteria: hypersensitivity to any drug such as acetaminophen; local anesthetics and opioid; having liver or renal disease; diabetes, and patients who used analgesic drugs (opioids, NSAID and corticosteroid) within 8 to 12 hours before the intervention.
 Evaluating the effect of Radio frequency and Cavitation on Biochemical Markers and Body Contouring in Overweight People;  INTERVENTION: A diet to lose weight with 500 kilocalories reduction in order to lose weight was given to the control group for five weeks. In the case group, working with local slimming machine for five weeks with two sessions per week (overally, 10 sessions that will have a working session with Majic Pot and a working session with Megason) Each session lasts 40 minutes. Diet to lose weight with 500 kilocalories reduction was given at the same time. Intervention 1: In the case group, working with local slimming machine for five weeks with two sessions per week (overally, 10 sessions that will have a working session with Majic Pot and a working session with Megason) Each session lasts 40 minutes. Diet to lose weight with 500 kilocalories reduction was given at the same time. Intervention 2: A diet to lose weight with 500 kilocalories reduction in order to lose weight was given to the control group for five weeks. Lifestyle Treatment ‐ Devices CONDITION: Localized adiposity Localized adiposity. ; Localized adiposity PRIMARY OUTCOME: Abdominal circumference. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, during the intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Non elastic meter in terms of centimeter. Blood pressure. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Sphygmomanometer. Epidermal Growth Factor. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Fasting Blood Sugar (FBS). Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric. HDL‐C. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric. Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, during the intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Non elastic meter in terms of centimeter. Improvement of Cellulite. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Nurnberger‐ Muller score. Interferon Gamma. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐10. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐1a. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐1ß. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐2. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐4. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐6. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Interleukin‐8. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). LDL‐C. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric. Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein‐1. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Pro oxidant Antioxidant Balance. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric. TG. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric. Totall cholesterol. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometric. Tumour Necrosis Factor Alpha. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Enzyme‐Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). Waist circumference. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, during the intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Non elastic meter in terms of centimeter. Waist to Hip circumference. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, during the intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Non elastic meter in terms of centimeter. Weight. Timepoint: Before starting intervention, during the intervention, at the end of period of intervention. Method of measurement: Tanita body composition analyzer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Overweight Women aged between 18 to 65 years; no use of certain drug like the drugs that Reduce sensitivity local steroid neuro drugs in the past six months; no medical history of Cardiovascular disease and Diabetes; not be pregnant and Breastfeeding; BMI between 25 to 30 kg/m2; Not having Cardiac pacemaker. Exclusion criteria: Pregnancy and Lactation; Age under 18 years or above 65 years; Male gender; Skin infection; Skin sensitivity to sunlight; use of topical steroids; Not being agree to continue working; People with type 1 and type 2 Diabetes; Systemic disease; not having weight reduction diet in the past three months; Having Cardiac pacemaker; BMI over 30 kg/m2 and less than 25 kg/m2
 Clinical Trial Evaluating the Effect of BCG Vaccination on the Incidence and Severity of SARS-CoV-2 Infections Among Healthcare Professionals During the COVID-19 Pandemic in Poland;  Trial design: The multicentre, randomised, double‐blind placebo‐controlled trial will be conducted in five centres: Rzeszów, Kraków, Katowice, Warsaw (2 centres) in a group of 1000 volunteers, health care workers (physicians, nurses, midwives, paramedics, laboratory diagnosticians, electroradiology technicians, physiotherapists, nutritionists, and orderlies), both women and men aged ≥25 years and employed in health care facilities in the above‐mentioned cities and provinces. Planned duration of the trial: 2‐4 weeks ‐recruitment, inclusion in the trial, RT 23 testing, BCG‐10 vaccination 3 months ‐ observation after vaccination 18 months, calculated from the date of trial initiation (visit no. "0"); during this period the subjects are to provide the Research Team with telephone information about possible hospitalisations and other unexpected, sudden or significant changes in health. Recruitment period: Sending invitations to participate in the trial to the healthcare professionals involved as well as providing the subjects with " Information for trial participants" leaflets and electronic "Informed Consent" forms Inclusion in the trial (visit No.0 ‐ V0):): • obtaining informed consent to participate in the trial by exchanging electronic information and declarations of intent between the centre (investigator) and the individual declaring readiness to participate in research with double verification of the subject identity /e‐mail+SMS/, which is intended to limit direct contacts during the period of COVID‐19 epidemic risk Inclusion in the trial (visit No.1 ‐ V1): ‐ Investigator‐subject telephone contact (in the days following V0 or directly during the same day) ‐ remote verification of the subject according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria, history taking regarding demographic characteristics, health status, and previous BCG vaccinations) ‐ setting the date of the RT23 test (place, day, time) to minimise the number of direct contacts between the research team and the subjects, in accordance with the current epidemic recommendations ‐ after the visit, the investigator enters the information obtained into the e‐CRF system. The details concerning the visit and the scope of information collected are to be contained in V1 and V0/1 cards. ‐ after the visit, the investigator enters its results into the medical documentation and e‐CRF system. Running the RT 23 test (visit No.2 ‐ V2): ‐ direct contact following the telephone contact to confirm the subject's health condition ‐ temperature measurement (non‐contact thermometer), blood sampling (5 ml) for determinations of IgG SARS‐CoV‐2 antibodies and cytokine levels ‐ photographing the scars after BCG vaccination on the left forearm of the subject (without the details of appearance); the photographs are stored in the electronic documentation with the number assigned to a particular subject ‐ RT 23 trial initiation ‐ providing the subject with the written informed consent form, participant card, as well as the card of contacts, thermometer, and pregnancy test (females) in a sealed plastic envelope ‐ the visit will be carried out in accordance with the procedures in force in departments of infectious diseases ‐ setting the date (date and time) of the third visit‐ after 72 hours ‐ after the visit, the investigator will enter its results into the medical documentation and e‐CRF system. RT23 test reading and BCG ‐10 vaccination (visit No.3‐V3) ‐ the direct visit, preceded by the telephone contact to confirm the subject's health status ‐ before the visit, the female subjects perform a pregnancy test in the morning hours; those with positive results are excluded from the trial ‐ temperature measurement (non‐contact thermometer) ‐ the visit will be carried out in accordance with the procedures in force in departments of infectious diseases. ‐ reading of the tuberculin test run during visit 2 (according to the criteria) and photographing the post‐test induration on the left arm of the subject (for documentation purposes), no appearance details; the photos are stored in the electronic documentation marked with the number given to a particular study subject. Positive subjects: ‐ are assigned to Group I, are not randomised and are not vaccinated against tuberculosis ‐ are subjected to a weekly remote medical follow‐ups in agreement with the "telephone contact card" until the trial completion (3 months from the date of visit 3 of the last subject); the follow ups are conducted by the investigator, a member of the research team, not participating in visit 3; ‐ when the RT23 test indicates a strongly positive result /induration diameter > 15 mm/, the subject is informed to contact his/her family doctor to obtain a referral to a pulmonary outpatient clinic. Negative subjects: ‐ undergo a physical examination before vaccination performed by the doctor (investigator) ‐ are remotely randomised by the e‐CRF IT system to Group II receiving BCG‐10 or to placebo Group III (control). The subject must not be informed about the group he/she belongs to ‐ receive BCG‐10 or a placebo in intradermal injections performed by a trained nurse with appropriate professional experience ‐ undergo weekly remote medical observations carried out by the investigator not involved in visit 3, according to the "telephone contact card", until the trial completion (3 months from the date of visit 3 of the last subject) Due to trial blindness, the team (a doctor and nurse) participating in visits 2 (V2) and 3 (V3) (as unblinded staff) is excluded from further contacts with trial subjects and from participating in the trial. After the visit, the investigator enters its results into the medical documentation and the e‐CRF system. In the medical records of visit 3 (written and electronic), the result of randomization is not disclosed. After visit 3, the division of subjects into Groups II and III (randomisation) is recorded only in separate written records; the physician participating in visit 2 and 3 sends the documentation to the leading centre after the end of visit 3, where it is stored and fully protected against access of blinded personnel. Blood collection ‐ visit No. 4 (V4): ‐ within 6‐8 weeks after visit 3, all subjects are invited by telephone to the place designated by the Principal Investigator to take 5 ml blood samples to determine the levels of cytokines ‐ blood collection is carried out by a member of the research team appointed by the Principal Investigator ‐ after the visit, the investigator enters its results into the e‐CRF system. Blood collection ‐ visit No. 5 (V5): ‐ three months after visit 3, all subjects are invited by telephone to the place designated by the Principal Investigator to take 5 ml blood samples to determine SARS‐CoV‐2 IgG antibodies and cytokine levels ‐ blood collection is carried out by a member of the research team appointed by the Principal Investigator ‐ after the visit, the investigator enters its results into the medical documentation and the e‐CRF system. Remote phone visit • carried out for a period of three months between visit 3 (V3) and visit 5 (V5), once a week; during this visit the physician (member of the research team) asks questions according to the attached phone contact card. Interventional visit ‐ will be carried out between visit 3 and visit 5, when the symptoms determined in the telephone Contact card appear to indicate a possible SARS‐CovV‐2 infection. ‐ the trial subject contacts by telephone the investigator conducting a weekly remote medical observation, and if the score 3 is obtained during the telephone evaluation of health, the mobile team is deployed to the subject ‐ the ambulance takes a swab from the subject's nasopharynx and collects 5 ml of blood for cytokine determinations to confirm the infection with this virus or otherwise. The visit will be carried out at the subject's place of residence and the material collected will be delivered to a respective analytical laboratory ‐ after the visit, the investigator will enter its results into the medical documentation and the e‐CRF system Moreover, ‐ each subject may contact the research centre by phone 24 hours a day, 7 days a week ‐ each subject may withdraw from the trial at any time. ‐ when the telephone contact with the subject is infeasible, the research team may use the reserve contact indicated by the subject or contact the hospital attending the subject ‐ if the subject develops the symptoms of COVID‐19 during the trial, he/she has to adhere to the generally applicable rules ‐ at the end of the study, all subjects in groups II and III will be notified (individually and confidentially) whether they have received BCG‐10 or placebo ‐ when a preliminary result indicates the significant benefits of additional BCG vaccination, an additional dose of BCG‐10 will be offered to all non‐vaccinated subjects. Statistical analysis Statistical analysis will be conducted using MedCalc v17.7 software. The quantitative variables will be presented as an arithmetic mean and standard deviation (variables with a normal distribution) or median and interquartile range (variables with a non‐normal distribution/ a skewed distribution). The distribution will be assessed using the Shapiro‐Wilk test. The qualitative variables will be presented as an absolute value and percentage. The inter‐group differences for quantitative variables will be evaluated by the Student's t‐test or analysis of variance (independent samples, variables with a normal distribution), and the Mann‐Whitney U or Kruskal‐Wallis test (independent samples, skewed variables). In cases where significant inter‐group differences have been demonstrated based on the ANOVA or Kruskal‐Wallis test, a post‐hoc analysis will be performed. The significance of differences for quantitative dependent variables will be assessed applying the Student t‐test for dependent samples or the non‐parametric equivalent of variance analysis, or the Wilcoxon signed‐rank or Friedman's rank test (depending on the number of groups and the distribution). For unrelated qualitative variables, the chi‐squared test or Fisher's exact test will be used, while for related variables the McNemar's test will be applied. The correlation between inter‐qualitative variables will be analysed using the Pearson correlation analysis or Spearman's rank correlation. For selected qualitative dependencies for quality dichotomous variables, the odds ratios (or relative risk factors) and their 95% confidence intervals will be calculated. The results of simple analyses will be the basis for advanced statistical analysis methods, i.e. logistic regression models or multiple regression analyses. Models will include variables with p<0.1 in simple analysis will be included in the models mentioned above. Moreover, the odds ratios together with 95% confidence intervals (logistic regression) or regression coefficients with their standard error (multiple regression) will be estimated. Finally, p<0.05 will be considered statistically significant. Minimum number of trial subjects: A/ Assuming that 50% of individuals have negative tuberculin test results when alpha=0.05 and measurement precision=5%, a group of at least 384 subjects ( 400) should be recruited. Assuming a 10 % loss of subjects between the initiation and reading of the tuberculin test, the group subjected to the tuberculin test should contain at least 450 people. B/ Assuming a 10% difference in endpoint occurrence (disease) when alpha=0.05 is expected, at least 193 individuals in each group ( 200) should be examined. Given the loss to follow ‐up of 10 %, each group (study and control) should include at least 220 individuals. C/ In conclusion, considering all the above calculations, at least 880 individuals ( 900) should be included in the trial. Given that 10% of subjects will not give their informed consent to participate in the trial, at least 990 individuals ( 1000) should be invited to the project. Note: Six weeks after the inclusion of the last subject, the number of serious adverse events (SAEs) in each group is to be analysed in order to decide whether to continue the follow‐up or to administer the BCG vaccine to all non‐vaccinated subjects. Data analysed: 1. Incidence and deaths rates in the study group 2. Additionally: ‐ documented SARS‐CoV‐2 infection ‐ duration of symptoms ‐ types of symptoms and their frequency ‐ average duration of domestic isolation ‐ maintenance of body temperature ≥37.5oC, in the ranges of: 1. 37.5C‐38.0C 2. 38.1C‐39.0C 3. more than 39C ‐ in the case of hospitalisation: length of treatment, including possible ICU stay, ventilator therapy, complications, death. 3. group characteristics: ‐ date of inclusion (date of signing informed consent to participate in the trial) ‐ age (month, year of birth) ‐ gender ‐ body weight, height, BMI ‐ province of residence (Podkarpackie, Małopolska, Silesian, Mazovian) ‐ workplace (department, ER, outpatient clinic, analytical laboratory) ‐ profession (physician, nurse, midwife, paramedic, laboratory diagnostician, nutritionist, electroradiology technician, physiotherapist, orderly) ‐ working hours per month, number of jobs during the pandemic ‐ shift work (YES/NO) ‐ percentage of hours of direct contact with the patient (four intervals <25%, 25‐50%, 50‐75%, >75%) ‐ cardiovascular diseases: hypertension, ischaemic heart disease, post‐myocardial infarct condition, atrial fibrillation, chronic heart failure, others ‐ which ones? ‐ respiratory diseases: asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), interstitial lung disease, others‐ which ones? ‐ diseases of the nervous system: epilepsy, post‐stroke condition, polyneuropathy, others‐ which ones? ‐ diseases of the osteoarticular system: osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, others‐ which ones? ‐ diseases of the gastrointestinal system: liver diseases ‐ list them, bowel diseases‐ list them, pancreatic diseases‐ list them, others: which ones? ‐ kidney disease: chronic kidney disease, kidney stones, others‐ which ones? ‐ diabetes: type 1; type 2: diet/insulin? ‐ autoimmune diseases: which ones? ‐ other chronic diseases: which ones? ‐ neoplastic diseases: which ones? how treated? when? ‐ smoking: pack‐year? E‐cigarettes: years? ‐ allergies: which ones? ‐ BCG vaccinations to this day. Laboratory tests during the trial: 1. standard planned blood test during visit 2 (running the RT23 test,) ‐collection of 5 ml of blood (determination of the presence of SARS‐CoV‐2 IgG antibodies, determination of the level of cytokines regulating cellular immunity ‐ hereinafter referred to as the cytokine level) 2. within 6‐8 weeks after BCG vaccination, collection of 5 ml of blood for cytokine level determinations 3. after the completion of follow‐ups (3 months after the last study participant was included), collection of 5 ml of blood (for determination of IgG antibody levels, SARS‐CoV‐2 virus, and cytokine levels). 4. if COVID‐19 symptoms occur in the subject: 1. the subject eligible for hospitalisation will be urgently (emergently) hospitalised due to COVID‐19 and tested according to the procedures in force in the hospital; moreover, each subject will receive an identifier (similar to ID) with information about participation in the trial and a request to the personnel assuming care of the subject to inform the research team and secure samples (5 ml of blood for cytokine determination and a swab from the nasopharynx for the SARS‐CovV‐2 genetic material testing) 2. in the case of the subject not eligible for hospitalisations with symptoms suggestive of the infection but not requiring hospitalisation, symptoms and their duration will be noted and during the intervention visit 5 ml of blood will be sampled for cytokine determinations and a nasopharyngeal swab will be taken for testing whether SARS‐CoV‐2 genetic material is present or otherwise. The material will be collected at the subject's home in accordance with the safety procedure. Methodology of laboratory tests Laboratory blood tests for determinations of SARS‐CoV‐2 IgG antibodies and cytokine levels will be carried out.. Procedure ‐ collection and transport of material to the laboratory preparing it for banking • Collection of nasopharyngeal swabs for SARS CoV‐2 genetic material testing using the RT‐qPCR test and blood sampling to assess cytokine and/or IgG levels Criteria for completion of the trial According to its program, the trial will last for a period of 3 months from the date of visit No. 3 (administration of the vaccine) to the date of visit 5 (blood collection for determinations of IgG SARS‐CoV‐2 antibodies and cytokine levels). Over the next 15 months, the subjects will be asked to provide the Research Team with telephone information about possible hospitalizations and other unexpected, sudden or significant changes in their health. The trial will be completed after the last visit of the last subject and after the results serological and genetic tests (PCR‐SARS) are available, approximately 8 months after its initiation. The observation of possible SAEs reported by the subjects will be completed 18 months after the commencement of the trial.
 Study on the Treatment of Taurine in Children With Autism;  Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are the most common disabling disorders in childhood and are characterized by social difficulties, stereotyped behavior, narrow interests and paresthesia. In recent years, the prevalence of ASD has been increasing year by year, and the latest epidemiology in the United States shows that the prevalence of ASD is 1/44. The previous multi‐center epidemiological survey of ASD in children in China showed that the prevalence of ASD in children aged 6‐12 in China was about 0.7%, and the lifetime medical and non‐medical expenses of ASD patients ranged from $1.4 million to $2.4 million. The survey showed that the disease burden of ASD in children aged 0‐6 in Guizhou Province was between 60,000 and 80,000 yuan/year/person. ASD has become a major public health problem affecting children's health due to its high prevalence rate, disability rate and heavy disease burden, which has brought huge economic and social burden to families and society of children with ASD. At present, ASD has been listed as the leading disabling disease among mental diseases, bringing serious burden to families and society, and ASD has become a major public health problem affecting children's health. At present, there are no specific drugs to improve the core symptoms of ASD, and education and behavioral therapy are mainly focused on early intervention to obtain the best results. Although effective behavioral interventions can significantly improve the core symptoms of children with ASD, a significant proportion of children with ASD still have residual functional disabilities. Therefore, the research and development of new treatment methods for children with ASD has become a hot and difficult problem. Children with ASD are prone to multiple nutrients due to poor eating habits, gastrointestinal symptoms and food allergies, and the addition of key nutrients is expected to become one of the important adjuvant treatments for children with ASD. The project team established a national children's ASD multi‐center research cohort and built a children's ASD biobank under the financial support of the National Health Commission. A case‐control (117:119) study using 1H‐NMR metabolomics to detect urine samples of children with ASD showed lower taurine levels in the ASD group compared to the healthy control group. In recent years, taurine deficiency has been linked to neurological disorders or symptoms such as neurodegenerative diseases, stroke, epilepsy, and diabetic neuropathy. In addition, animal and clinical experiments have found that taurine supplementation has certain therapeutic effects on neurological diseases including Angelman behavior sign, fragile X behavior sign, sleep‐wake disorder, stroke, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, tic disorder, and taurine supplementation can improve anxiety symptoms and cognitive ability of mice. In previous animal intervention experiment, taurine supplementation on the basis of VPA autism model in rats during pregnancy was found to improve ASD‐like behavior in offspring. However, there is a lack of population‐based evidence in children with ASD. Taurine is widely distributed in brain, spinal cord, heart, muscle cells and retina, and is one of the more abundant amino acids in almost all tissues and organs. A large number of studies have shown that taurine can protect a variety of tissues and organs from oxidative stress damage. Taurine can also ameliorate cognitive impairment in a variety of physiological and pathological conditions through a variety of mechanisms, including reducing neuroinflammation, up‐regulating Nrf2 expression and antioxidant capacity, activating Akt/CREB/PGC1α signaling pathway to further enhance mitochondrial biosynthesis, synaptic function, and reducing oxidative stress. A large number of studies have shown that compared with healthy controls, the blood levels of oxidative stress markers in children with ASD are reduced or increased to varying degrees, and are thought to be related to the formation of stereotypical behaviors of ASD. Whether taurine can improve the core symptoms of ASD by reducing oxidative stress damage remains unclear, and human studies are needed to further clarify the mechanism of action and verify the findings of animal experiments. In summary, taurine deficiency is closely related to the onset of neurodevelopmental disorders, and dietary supplementation may have a certain therapeutic effect. This study is based on this starting point to propose the basis of project. This study intends to conduct an exploratory randomized, double‐blind controlled trial to compare and analyze the effect of taurine supplementation on the improvement of core symptoms in ASD children who were treated with routine behavioral rehabilitation combined with taurine supplement (experimental group) and behavioral rehabilitation combined with placebo (control group) for 3 months and continued follow‐up for 12 months. The possible mechanism of action was investigated by detecting intestinal symptoms, intestinal flora, markers of oxidative stress and clinical symptoms of ASD. The aim of this study is to explore an effective and reliable adjuvant therapy for children with ASD. To investigate the curative effect of taurine supplementation on the core symptoms of children with ASD spectrum disorder. To observe the incidence of adverse reactions of taurine supplementation, evaluate the clinical application value of taurine supplementation, and provide theoretical support for further tests.
 Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibition and Narrow-band Ultraviolet-B Light in Psoriasis (DINUP);  Background: Psoriasis is a chronic, autoimmune skin disease affecting approximately 2% of the world's population. It is characterised by keratinocyte hyperproliferation, by aberrant keratinocyte differentiation and by cutaneous inflammation. Dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 (DPP‐4) is expressed on keratinocytes and its activity is upregulated in psoriasis. DPP‐4 inhibition suppresses keratinocyte proliferation and restores partially keratinocyte differentiation. The main site of DPP‐4 activity is cluster of differentiation antigen 26 (CD26). CD26 is a marker of T cell activation and is a key molecule in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases. One case of DPP‐4 inhibitor therapy improving psoriasis severity has been reported. Agents used to treat psoriasis target commonly the underlying inflammation. C‐reactive protein (CRP) is a sensitive, systemic marker of inflammation. In people with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) DPP‐4 inhibitor therapy decreases CRP concentrations. Serum CRP concentrations correlate with psoriasis severity and interventions that decrease the CRP concentration may decrease also psoriasis severity. Medications that improve insulin resistance may decrease also systemic inflammation and improve psoriasis. We have shown previously, in psoriasis patients without T2DM (both lean and obese), that the fasting insulin concentration and the homeostatic model of insulin resistance (measures of insulin resistance) correlate strongly with the psoriasis area and severity index (PASI, a measure of psoriasis severity: r=0.48, p<0.001; r=0.49, p<0.001). DPP‐4 inhibitors prevent also the degradation of insulin secretagogues, such as glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1), thereby ameliorating hyperglycaemia without causing hypoglycaemia. Due to this effect DPP‐4 inhibitors are effective for the treatment of T2DM. Other interventions which increase GLP‐1 receptor activation, such as roux‐en‐Y gastric bypass surgery and GLP‐1 analogue therapy, can improve also psoriasis severity. We have reported previously a significant improvement in two patients with psoriasis and diabetes treated with the GLP‐1 analogue liraglutide. In a subsequent open study of 7 patients with both psoriasis and type 2 diabetes we found a significant reduction in psoriasis severity and a significant improvement in quality of life following treatment with liraglutide. Name and Description of the Investigational Medicinal Products(s): Januvia® 100 mg tablets, which are film‐coated tablets for oral ingestion that contain 100mg of the dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitor sitagliptin. For research participants with moderate kidney disease (CrCl < 50 ml/min or eGFR < 50 ml/min/1.73m2), a dose of 50mg per day of sitagliptin will be used. Potential risks and benefits: More than 1% of people who take Januvia® tablets experience upper respiratory tract infection (no greater incidence than with placebo), hypoglycaemia (no greater incidence than with placebo), headache or limb pain. The potential benefits of DPP‐4 inhibition include decreased risk of cardiovascular disease and decreased risk of bone fracture. The anticipated benefits of Januvia® therapy in psoriasis patients without type 2 diabetes thus justify the potential risks. Description of and justification for the route of administration, dosage, dosage regimen and treatment period: Study Hypothesis: Dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitor therapy decreases psoriasis severity. Statement of Trial Conduct: Cohort: The population to be studied will be psoriasis patients with type 2 diabetes. Identification and Recruitment: Statistical Analysis Plan: Subgroup analyses will be performed on those research participants who: complete the visit 6 assessment; have severe psoriasis; have non‐severe psoriasis; are male; are female; are obese; and are older than 45 years. This will be a two centre, thirty‐nine week, prospective, randomized, open‐label clinical trial of oral Januvia® (sitagliptin) tablets in 120 people with psoriasis without diabetes who are due to undergo a course of NB‐UVB phototherapy. After a three week run‐in period, where research participants will not receive the investigational medicinal product, research participants will be allocated randomly, after stratification by centre, by HbA1c level (HbA1c < 38mmol/mol or ≥ 38mmol/mol), BMI level (BMI < 30 kg/m2 or ≥ 30 kg/m2) and previous response to NB‐UVB (achieved remission within 25 exposures during most recent course of NBUVB or not) either to Arm A or to Arm B. Those who have not been exposed previously to NBUVB will be placed in the "did not achieve remission within 25 exposures" group. Research participants allocated to Arm A will receive a twenty six week supply of Januvia® tablets (DPP‐4 Inhibitor) and will be instructed to ingest orally one 100mg tablet once daily (or 50mg once daily for participants with moderate kidney disease) for twenty four weeks. Research participants allocated to Arm B will receive no treatment (aside from usual medications and phototherapy). Both the research participants and the investigators will be aware of the trial arm to which the research participant has been allocated randomly (open‐label study). Research participants will be prohibited from making any changes to the dose of medications used to treat psoriasis. Any other medications that are considered necessary for the participant's welfare and will not interfere with the study medication may be given at the discretion of the Investigator. Januvia® is licensed to improve glycaemic control for people with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). The Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) states that the dose of Januvia® is 100mg once daily (using tablets for oral ingestion). For research participants with moderate kidney disease (CrCl < 50 ml/min or eGFR < 50 ml/min/1.73m2), the Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC) states that the dose of Januvia® is 50mg once daily (using tablets for oral ingestion). In keeping with this all participants with an eGFR < 50ml/min/1.73m2 who are due to receive Januvia® will receive 50mg once daily. This trial will be conducted in compliance with the protocol, with the guidelines of the Declaration of Helsinki (see Appendix 2), with the International Conference of Harmonisation Tripartite Guideline on Good Clinical Practice, with all applicable regulatory requirements and with data protection legislation (Data Protection Act 1988 and Data Protection Amendment Act 2003) We plan to enrol 120 research participants in total. Research participants will be recruited from two centres: St Vincent's University Hospital, Elm Park, Dublin 4 and Adelaide and Meath Hospital, Tallaght, Dublin 24. These hospitals provide outpatient dermatology services. Psoriasis patients attending these centres who have a psoriasis area and severity index (PASI) greater than 7 and who are due to undergo a course of NB‐UVB phototherapy will be considered potentially eligible research participants and will be invited to attend for a screening visit. Potentially eligible research participants will be identified through use of patient databases in St Vincent's University Hospital and in Adelaide and Meath Hospital and through review of healthcare records in St Vincent's University Hospital and in Adelaide and Meath Hospital. Packaging and Labelling: The following assessments will then be performed: 1. Checking against inclusion and exclusion criteria; 2. Obtaining demographic information; 3. Obtaining a detailed medical history (previously diagnosed illnesses etc); 4. Obtaining a detailed medication history for the previous month; Potentially eligible research participants will be recruited in one of two ways by the study investigators or suitably qualified designee. One of these two ways will be during a clinic visit by the study investigators or suitably qualified designee. The other of the two ways will be mailing a letter of invitation. A record of all medication taken by study participants in the month before visit 1 and concomitant medication a participant takes throughout the study will be recorded on the appropriate page of the Case Report Form (CRF). Treatment compliance of research participants will be measured by pill counts. Research participants will be instructed to bring opened, unopened and empty investigational medicinal product packages to each visit in order to allow the assessment of compliance with study treatment. A record of all investigational medicinal product dispensed and returned will be documented on the investigational medicinal product dispensing and accountability log. Blood taken during stages when the participant is expected to be taking drug therapy will be used for future determination of plasma glucose and glycated haemoglobin concentrations. These concentrations will also be used to help ascertain compliance with the allocated treatment regimen. Blood samples for measurement of laboratory parameters will be taken between the hours of 0800 and 1200 after a greater than 12 hour overnight fast (with the exception of the Screening Visit when participants can attend in a non fasting state) and before ingestion of the study investigational medicinal product. The blood will be taken by a senior clinician, or suitably qualified designee, with competence and experience in the procedure of venepuncture. Thirty millilitres (30ml) of blood will be drawn during visit 1, and 73.5 ml during visit 2. Sixty millilitres (60ml) of blood will be drawn from the research participants during visits 3 to 5, and at visit 7. During visits 6 and 8, 67.5 mls of blood will be drawn.Blood will be drawn into vacutainer tubes containing either ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA), lithium heparin, sodium fluoride, clot activator or a DPP‐4 inhibitor cocktail. Each research participant will be asked to give a blood sample for genetic analysis at the 2nd Visit. These genetic samples will be analysed to try determine the genetic, and/or epigenetic, profile that predicts best response to DPP‐4 inhibitor therapy. Whole blood will be stored for future DNA extraction using the protocols detailed in the Molecular Medicine Ireland Guideline for Standardised Biobanking (First Edition 2010). This involves drawing blood into a blood tube containing EDTA and storing the blood tube at ‐20°C in secure, dedicated freezers in the Research Laboratories in the Education and Research Centre in St Vincent's University Hospital. The blood will be stored within 12 hours of blood collection. Blood that has been stored for future DNA extraction will be destroyed once the DNA analyses are complete. Disposal of this material will be in accordance with current practice in this unit and with the written protocols in place in this unit. Disposal will involve the use of solid plastic waste containers which will be sent for incineration. 5. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 6. Performing a urine based pregnancy test (women of child bearing potential only); 7. Assessment of PASI; and 8. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. Baseline (Visit 2, Day 0) The potential research participant will return for the baseline visit within three weeks of the screening visit. The following assessments will be performed: 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Measurement of height, weight, blood pressure and heart rate; To protect the research participant's identity, a unique identification code will be assigned by the Investigator, or authorised designee, to each participant's genetic sample and used in lieu of the participant's name. This coded form of identification, instead of the participant's name, will appear on all documents/databases. Demographic and baseline clinical data will be summarized using descriptive statistics by treatment group. Similarly, the primary and secondary efficacy variables will be summarized using descriptive statistics by treatment group. Data from research participants who are not allocated to either arm of the study and who do not receive a supply of the investigational medicinal product will be excluded from statistical analyses. T tests (or the appropriate alternative for non‐parametric data), using two‐sided tests, will be used to test for significant differences between the sets of data obtained. The independent samples T test will be used to assess for differences between the effects of the test product (Januvia®) compared to the effects of no additional treatment. Chi square analyses will be used to test for significant differences in categorical variables between the sets of data obtained. All study medication will be labelled and stored in accordance with Annex 13 of the EU guidelines of good manufacturing practice in respect of investigational medicinal products for human use, the SPC and hospital procedures. Screening visit (Visit 1, Week ‐3) Before any screening examinations take place potentially eligible research participants will be given a full explanation as to what participation in the study would involve ‐ this will be done both verbally and in writing in the form of a written participant information leaflet. Potential research participants will be given sufficient time to consider their participation in the study and to ask any questions concerning the study. Potential research participants who are willing to take part in the study will be asked then to sign an informed consent form. No study related procedures will take place for any research participant before the informed consent form has been signed. An identification number will be allocated to the potential research participant following informed consent and provided that he or she meets the inclusion criteria and does not have an exclusion criterion to study entry. This identification number, together with the participant's initials, will act as a unique identifier for that participant. 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant (Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI); EuroQol five item questionnaire (EQ‐5D); Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS); and Stanford HAQ 8‐Item Disability Scale (HAQ‐8) ; 5. Performing a urine based pregnancy test (women of child bearing potential only); 6. Assessment of PASI; and 7. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. If the participant is willing a skin biopsy will be performed, using a sterile technique by an experienced physician, to determine skin immune cell number and skin pro‐inflammatory protein level. If a participant is noted to score greater than 8 (out of 21) on either the anxiety or the depression components of the HADS, at this or any subsequent study visits, their General Practitioner (GP) will be advised of this and of the high likelihood of depressive/affective mental illness which may require treatment. The investigator, or authorised designee, will allocate then the research participant to a trial treatment arm using one of sixteen (8 per centre) prepared randomisation lists. 4. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 5. Performing a urine based pregnancy test (women of child bearing potential only); The investigator, or authorised designee, will chose the appropriate list based on the participant's centre, HbA1c level (HbA1c < 38mmol/mol or ≥ 38mmol/mol), BMI level (BMI < 30 kg/m2 or ≥ 30kg/m2) and previous response to NB‐UVB (achieved remission within 25 exposures during most recent course of NBUVB or not). Those who have not been exposed previously to NBUVB will be placed in the "did not achieve remission within 25 exposures" group. For research participants allocated randomly to treatment arm A the investigator, or authorised designee, will ask the participant to bring back all used and unused Januvia® tablet packages at each study visit to enable a pill compliance check to be performed. 1st Treatment visit (Visit 3, Week 3 +/‐ 7 days) The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Assessment of study drug compliance (pill count); 5. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 6. Assessment of PASI; and 7. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. 2nd Treatment visit (Visit 4, Week 6 +/‐ 7 days) The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Assessment of study drug compliance (pill count); 5. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 6. Assessment of PASI; and 7. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. 3rd Treatment visit (Visit 5, Week 12 +/‐ 7 days) The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Assessment of study drug compliance (pill count); 5. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 6. Assessment of PASI; and 7. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. 4th Treatment visit (Visit 6, Week 24 +/‐ 7 days) The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Assessment of study drug compliance (pill count); 5. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 6. Assessment of PASI; and 7. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. If the participant is willing, and had a skin biopsy performed during visit 2, a skin biopsy will be performed, using sterile technique by an experienced physician, to determine skin immune cell number and skin pro‐inflammatory protein level. 1st Follow‐Up visit (Visit 7, Week 30 +/‐ 7 days) The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 5. Assessment of PASI; and 6. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. End of Study visit (Visit 8, Week 36 +/‐ 7 days) The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 6. Assessment of PASI; and 7. Blood sampling for laboratory examination. Early Withdrawal visit: All research participants who withdraw early from the study will be advised to agree to attend an early withdrawal visit. There will be a separate section in the CRF to be completed if the research participant withdraws early from the study before week 36. The following assessments will be performed: 1. Completion of quality of life questionnaires by the research participant as detailed in Baseline Visit above; 2. Recording of adverse events; 3. Recording of changes in concomitant medication; 4. Assessment of study drug compliance (pill count) if appropriate; 5. Measurement of weight, blood pressure and heart rate; 6. Performing a urine based pregnancy test (women of child bearing potential only); 7. Assessment of PASI; and 8. Blood sampling for laboratory parameters. The research participant's involvement in this study will end following the completion of the End of Study Visit (or Early Withdrawal visit if applicable). Once participants have completed their involvement in this study they will be provided with standard treatment by their usual healthcare providers. Adverse Events: Comprehensive assessments of any apparent toxicity experienced by the research participant will be performed throughout the course of the study from the time of participant's signature of informed consent. Adverse events (AEs) considered related to Study Drug at the End of Study Visit (or Early Withdrawal Visit, if applicable) will be followed until the participant is stable or the AE is resolved or the participant is lost to follow‐up. Any medical condition, or clinically significant laboratory abnormality with an onset date before the Baseline Visit and not related to a protocol‐associated procedure, is not an AE. It will be considered to be pre‐existing. Complete and appropriate data on all Adverse Events experienced (observed, volunteered or elicited) during the reporting period will be reported on an ongoing basis in the Adverse Event Form pages of the Case Report Form. The investigator will classify the severity of an adverse event. The investigator will systematically assess the relationship of the adverse event to the investigational medicinal product. Reporting of Serious Adverse Events (SAEs) Information about all SAEs will be collected and recorded on the SAE Report Form. Each SAE must be reported by the Investigator, or an authorised designee, to the Sponsor within 24 hours of learning of its occurrence. Medical and scientific judgement will be exercised in deciding whether expedited reporting is appropriate in other situations, such as important medical events that may not be immediately life‐threatening or result in death or hospitalisation, but may jeopardise the research participant or may require intervention to prevent one of the other outcomes listed in the definition above. These will be considered also serious. Justification of Population and Method of Estimation: We plan to enrol 120 research participants in total in the two sites. The primary objective of the research project is to determine the change in the psoriasis area and severity index (ΔPASI) during twenty four weeks of treatment with a dipeptidyl peptidase‐4 inhibitor (Januvia®, 100mg daily or 50mg daily for participants with moderate kidney disease) in psoriasis patients undergoing narrow‐band ultraviolet‐B (NB‐UVB) light therapy. This will be compared to the ΔPASI of psoriasis patients undergoing NB‐UVB light therapy who are allocated randomly to not receive any additional treatment. Method of Randomisation: Januvia® tablets; OR No additional treatment. In order to achieve this we have prepared 8 randomisation lists using a web‐based random generator programme. One copy of this document will be used for each centre. Kleinpenning et al have determined previously the effect of two different NB‐UVB light therapy regimens on the decrease in PASI three months after completion of a course of NB‐UVB light therapy. Three months after cessation of NB‐UVB light therapy the decrease in the PASI in those receiving an high‐dose regimen was 5.93±4.1compared to baseline. This decrease in PASI was significantly less in the group receiving a low‐dose regimen (4.14±2.96, p<0.05). Based on these data, and assuming a 33% dropout rate, we have calculated that we will require 60 research participants (in each arm) to detect a greater than 33% difference in the ΔPASI with 80% power and a 5% significance level. The unit of randomisation will be the individual research participant. After stratification by centre, by HbA1c level (HbA1c < 38mmol/mol or ≥ 38mmol/mol), BMI level (BMI < 30 kg/m2 or ≥ 30 kg/m2) and previous response to NB‐UVB (achieved remission within 25 exposures during most recent course of NBUVB or not) 120 research participants will be assigned randomly, in a ratio of 1:1 using blocks of 2, to receive either: For each participant the investigator, or authorised designee, will chose the appropriate list and will add the participant's identifier to the list in chronological order. This list will be thereby used to determine the study treatment which the participant will receive. Random allocation will occur at visit 2 (baseline visit) once all screening procedures required at visit 1 (screening visit) have been completed, once it has been confirmed that the participant satisfies all inclusion and exclusion criteria and once the participant completes the three week run‐in period. Identification numbers will be assigned chronologically in consecutive, ascending order. Independent Ethics Committee (IEC)/Institutional Review Board (IRB) Approval: Before initiating this study the Study Protocol, Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC), Patient Information Leaflet and Informed Consent Form, applicable advertising, and any other written information to be given to participants will be reviewed and approved by a properly constituted Institutional Review Board/Independent Ethics Committee (IEC/IRB). A signed and dated statement that all documents submitted for review have been approved by the IEC/IRB will be given to the Sponsor or designee before the study can commence at a site. The membership and the constitution of the IEC/IRB who approved the documents will be also supplied to the Sponsor or designee. Ethical Conduct of the Study: This study will be carried out in compliance with the Study Protocol and in accordance with the Sponsor/Contract Research Organisations (CROs) Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). These are designed to ensure adherence to Good Clinical Practice (GCP) guidelines, as described in: International Conference on Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) Harmonized Tripartite Guidelines for Good Clinical Practice 1996. European Union (EU) CT Directive 2001/20/EC. GCP Commission Directive 2005/28/EC. Declaration of Helsinki, concerning medical research in humans (1964) including all amendments up to and including the 2008 revision. National laws. The investigator agrees, when signing the Study Protocol, to adhere to the instructions and procedures described in it and to the principles of GCP to which it conforms. The regulatory permission to perform the study will be obtained in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. All ethical and regulatory approvals must be available before a patient is exposed to any study‐related procedure, including screening tests to determine eligibility. Insurance: In case of any damage or injury occurring to a patient in association with the investigational medicinal product or their participation in the study, the sponsor has insurance which covers the liability of the sponsor, the investigator and other persons involved in the study in compliance with the laws of Ireland. All investigators are qualified and practicing physicians and are thus insured by the clinical indemnity scheme.
 Roy Adaptation Model in Hypertensive Patients;  Despite effective and available antihypertensive drugs, the studies showed that less than half of patients with hypertension received antihypertensive therapy and only 1 out of 3 people (less than 20%) had blood pressure control. One of the most important factors in controlling blood pressure in patients with hypertension is the patients' adherence to treatment. Non‐adherence to treatment in chronic diseases is considered as a public health problem that increases mortality rates and the economic burden of the disease. In order to prevent and control hypertension, the importance of non‐medical strategies, including lifestyle changes is also emphasized. Lifestyle changes have an important role in increasing treatment and controlling symptoms in hypertensive patients and it is recommended as the first step in managing blood pressure. The most important reason for the failure in the management of hypertension is the patient profile which does not carry out lifestyle changes in parallel with treatment. In this type of patient profile, problems are experienced in the patient's adherence to treatment and it becomes difficult to control blood pressure. Good adaptation to lifestyle changes can reduce the medication needs, lead to a positive effect on cardiovascular risk factors and play an important role for the patient to provide contribution to his/her own treatment. The non‐adherence of hypertensive patients is quite common during their lifestyle changes depending on the disease and during the medication use. Some of the patients stop taking their medications and some do not use their medication regularly. Increasing adherence is the most important factor in success. One of the best ways to increase adherence is to involve the patient in decisions about treatment strategies. One of the factors affecting the adherence to treatment in hypertensive patients is the lack of information about the disease and treatment. For this reason, it is important to increase the awareness and knowledge of patients about the risks associated with blood pressure control in particular. It is possible for hypertensive patients to have knowledge about the disease and treatment, comply with the lifestyle changes and thus control the blood pressure through the training given to the patient. The training and monitoring programs applied for hypertensive patients are one of the best practices that enables the patient to adapt to the disease, control blood pressure and respond to medical treatment faster and live with the disease. In order for hypertensive patients to comply with the treatment and to implement lifestyle changes, nurses, who are the closest healthcare professionals, have important responsibilities and duties. In the studies, it has been revealed that the interventions applied under the supervision of nurses increase medication adherence. The nursing models, which act as a guide in professional nursing practices and are used in professional development, patient care, and patient training, provide great convenience and assistance in the holistic assessment of the patient. By using models, the problems in the application can be identified by determining the basic concepts of care and the correlation between the concepts and training can be given within this framework by developing solutions for these problems. In recent years, the use of nursing models in the researches and the patient care management draws a lot of interest in Turkey. One of the models used commonly in the profession is the Roy Adaptation Model (RAM). The purpose of RAM is to provide adaptation for a person to his/her environmental stimuli through adaptive shape methods. According to RAM, individuals should provide and develop their physical and psychological adaptations. This model identifies the reasons of non‐adherence to disease and treatment (main and background causes, other stimuli) through an accurate investigation of different individual aspects (for example: physiological aspects, self‐perception, role‐playing and independence). Thus, it is stated to be helpful in designing a comprehensive training program in order to develop healthy behaviors and comply with the lifestyle changes. Some studies in Turkey showed that the use of RAM increased the adaptation in patients with essential hypertension, increased medication adherence in patients who were followed up with diagnosis of ruptured ectopic pregnancies, and provided positive effects on the diabetes care profile in diabetic individuals. Only one study was found that did not publish when this study was planned, but was seen to be published recently, and evaluating the training given to hypertensive patients using RAM on hypertension management and medical adherence. However, the literature review performed in different databases revealed that there was no study evaluating the effects of training given according to RAM on the disease and psychosocial adjustment in patients with hypertension. For this reason, we assumed that training given by using RAM could cause adherence to medical treatment and disease in the experimental group compared to the control group. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of training given according to Roy Adaptation Model on the disease and psychosocial adjustment in patients with hypertension.
 The Effectiveness of Smoking Cessation in Prediabetic Smokers;  Participants: We expect to recruit study participants at National Taiwan University Hospital and its Yunlin branch, where a systematic identification system has been applied to classify the tobacco addiction status of every patient in outpatient clinics. This study invites identified current smokers to undergo screening tests between August 2013 to January 2017. All participants should give informed consent, with personal data protected. Only individuals aged 30 to 75 years are included. A history of diabetes, hypertension, Fagerström test for nicotine dependence, alcohol consumption, physical activity, depression, sleep quality, and current medications is collected through standardized personal interviews. Prediabetic participants are those who repeatedly have either of the following: 1) plasma glucose 100 to 125 mg/dL (5.6 to 6.9 mmol/L) in the fasting state; 2) plasma glucose 140 to 199 mg/dL (7.8 to 11.0 mmol/L) two hours after a 75‐g oral glucose load; 3) glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) 5.7% to 6.4%, in the absence of diabetic medications. Prediabetic participants who smoke ≥10 CPD for at least 6 months are classified as prediabetic smokers. Excluded are those with existing diagnosis of DM, thyroid diseases, acute cardiac conditions within 3 months, acute renal failure, chronic glomerulonephritis, polycystic kidney disease, mental health disorders ever diagnosed by psychiatrists, pregnancy, breast‐feeding, malignancy; or current use of diabetic medications, smoking cessation medications, steroids, lithium or antipsychotics. Information about tobacco use, alcohol consumption, physical activity, depression, sleep quality, personal medical histories, and current medications is collected through standardized personal interviews and medical records. The study protocol was approved by the National Taiwan University Hospital Research Ethics Committee. Sample size estimation We estimate to recruit at least 596 prediabetic smokers, 33% (199) of whom decide to join the intervention, to reach 90% power and a two‐sided 95% CI for the detection of a 50% risk reduction, assuming 30% as the risk of incident T2D during follow‐up in the usual care group. Assignment, prospective follow‐up, and analytic design The assignment of this trial is based on shared decision‐making. At baseline, all eligible prediabetic smokers are asked if they would like to join the Fight Tobacco and Stay Fit (FIT2) program or just receive usual care. Beginning at enrollment, the smoking status, breath carbon monoxide levels, anthropometric indices, automated office and home blood pressures, and blood tests were recorded every six months. The intention‐to‐treat analysis is performed among all participants joining the FIT2 program and receiving usual care. The modified per‐protocol analysis is adopted to compare participants with documented abstinence at prespecified study ends (e.g., 10 years) with the controls. The FIT2 program and post‐program abstinence: The FIT2 program is a 16‐week smoking cessation program that combines varenicline prescription with individualized counseling on not only smoking cessation but also weight control techniques. Participants in this group can receive their medications for up to 16 weeks within one year. Each participant also received counseling for individualized techniques for smoking cessation and body weight control at each visit. We do not prescribe nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) because it may induce insulin resistance and confound our study outcome. Bupropion is not available for smoking cessation in our institutions. Varenicline users are encouraged either to set their quit day 8 days after starting the medication; or to freely choose quit day at any time between Days 8 and 35 after starting treatment (i.e., following drug titration that took place within the first week). Varenicline users are also forbidden to use NRT during the study period. The varenicline prescription adheres to regulations by the Health Promotion Administration, Ministry of Health and Welfare, Taiwan (www.hpa.gov.tw) and manufacturer's directions, usually initiated at 0.5 mg once daily for the first three days and then increased to 1 mg once daily. From day 8 to up to 16 weeks, the recommended dose is 1 mg varenicline twice daily. During the therapy course, physicians are allowed to adjust varenicline dosage according to tolerability. Drug adverse events, withdrawal symptoms, and perceived barriers to quitting should be recorded and addressed. Physicians should emphasize that if there are any uncontrolled depressed moods, suicidal thoughts, or attempts, they are to cease varenicline treatment and consult a psychiatrist immediately. Smoking status is assessed by self‐reported 7‐day point‐prevalence abstinence, confirmed by a breath CO level. Cotinine is not used to assess abstinence because, when used with self‐report to indicate whether a person has smoked, CO and cotinine levels show high agreement. We provide participants in the intervention group with individualized counseling to help minimize the relapse rate. In addition to varenicline prescription and smoking cessation counseling covered in conventional smoking cessation services, the FIT2 program also offers individualized weekly behavior coaching in diet and physical activity to restrict PCWG. The FIT2 participants are encouraged to do at least 150 minutes of moderate‐intensity (3.0‐6.0 metabolic equivalents) aerobic physical activity throughout the week. The counseling sessions allow opportunities to identify obstacles to lifestyle change and to discuss approaches with a professional panel of dietitians and certified personal trainers. The FIT2 participants are encouraged to do at least 150 minutes of moderate‐intensity (3.0‐6.0 metabolic equivalents) aerobic physical activity throughout the week. Emphasis is placed on checking the weekly diary for body weight, food, and physical activity through protected cellphone messages between participants and the assigned panel professionals. For those who gain weight, more intensive ways of calorie restriction and physical activity (at least 300 minutes of moderate‐intensity aerobic physical activity per week) are instructed. Post‐program smoking status is recorded weekly from 16 weeks to six months by self‐reported 7‐day point prevalence of abstinence and a breath carbon monoxide level of <6 ppm. Post‐program quitters are those who quit successfully at 16 weeks after the FIT2 program and maintain their non‐smoking status until the prespecified study ends (e.g., post‐program abstinence at 10 years). For the modified per‐protocol analysis, participants who fail to keep quit after the FIT2 program are reassigned to the control group. Usual care and control: Usual care is provided for prediabetic smokers who decide not to receive the FIT2 program. Usual care comprises encouragement to quit smoking and initiate a therapeutic lifestyle change at each visit. In the modified per‐protocol analysis, the control group contains participants joining the FIT2 program who fail to achieve post‐program abstinence and all participants receiving usual care, including those who quit smoking on their own.
 Comparison of different doses of bupivacaine in labor spinal analgesia;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: ?Spinal injection consisted 5 microgram sufentanil with 1 mg of bupivacaine from the L4‐L5 or L3‐L4 interspace with the patient in the sitting position. Intervention 1: Intervention 1: ?Spinal injection consisted 5 microgram sufentanil with 1 mg of bupivacaine from the L4‐L5 or L3‐L4 interspace with the patient in the sitting position. Intervention 2: Intervention 2: Spinal injection consisted 5 microgram sufentanil with 2 mg of bupivacaine from the L4‐L5 or L3‐L4 interspace with the patient in the sitting position. Intervention 2: Spinal injection consisted 5 microgram sufentanil with 2 mg of bupivacaine from the L4‐L5 or L3‐L4 interspace with the patient in the sitting position. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Complication of anaesthesia during labour and delivery, unspecified labor analgesia. ; Complication of anaesthesia during labour and delivery, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Duration of analgesia. Timepoint: every 15 minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: Time from spinal injection until the end of spinal analgesia.(minute). Onset of analgesia. Timepoint: every 5 minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: Time from spinal injection until the relief of labor pain in the first 15 min such that the subject did not request rescue medication.(pain VAS<4). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Motor bockade. Timepoint: every 15 minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: Bromage Scale (1=no motor block‐‐ability to raise extended leg against gravity; 2 = inability to raise extended leg, able to bend knee; 3 = inability to bend knee, able to flex ankle; and 4 = complete motor block) were assessed at the 3 levels. Nausea and vomiting. Timepoint: every 15 minutes after spinal injection until the end of spinal analgesia. Method of measurement: yes/no question from patient. Neonatal Apgar score. Timepoint: 1 and 5 minutes after birth. Method of measurement: Apgar scale. Pruritus. Timepoint: every 15 minutes after spinal injection until the end of spinal analgesia. Method of measurement: VAS for pruritus (0‐10). Sensory level to cold and pinprick. Timepoint: 15 minutes after spinal injection. Method of measurement: question from patient in response to cold and pinprick (dermatomal level). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: ASA 1 primigravid singletone parturients with gestational age (36‐40 wk) in active phase of labor (cervix dilation 4‐6 cm) Exclusion criteria: Use of analgesic or opioids in recent 12 hours; chronic hypertension; preeclampsia; gestational diabetes; allergy to drugs; cardiovascular disease; coagulopathy
 Study: diet and Exercise Study to Improve Brain Blood Flow: blood Flow Improvement Trial;  Research Strategy Design. The study investigators propose recruiting 40 middle‐aged (45‐65 years) participants from the Wisconsin Alzheimer's Disease Research Center's (ADRC) "IMPACT" cohort to participate in a 12 week diet and exercise intervention with a 6‐month follow‐up. The Wisconsin ADRC has a special emphasis in preclinical AD, and participants are recruited with the expectation of being approached for intervention studies. Since the treatment will be applied to groups of 10 participants each, consisting of a total of 4 groups, the study investigators will not be able simultaneously to roll out the treatment program in all groups. Subsequently, an incomplete stepped wedge cluster randomized trial (SWCRT)48,49 will be considered. The design allows each block (intervention group) to be randomized to the intervention in a stepped fashion, initially providing a baseline measure, as indicate by '0' in the design matrix below, then followed by the 12 week intervention 'X' with '.' indicating no measurement, and '1a' indicating measurement post‐12 week diet and exercise intervention and '1b' 6 months after the intervention. Time 1 Time 2 Time 3 Time 4 Time 5 Time 6 Time 7 Group 1 0 X 1a 1b . . . Group 2 . 0 X 1a 1b . . Group 3 . . 0 X 1a 1b . Group 4 . . . 0 X 1a 1b Timeline. It is anticipated that after recruitment and random assignment to one of the 4 groups, baseline data collection and the 12 week intervention will begin for the first group in month 3 of the 24 month study. Baseline data collection will be completed for all groups by month 12, and post 12‐week diet and exercise intervention data collection will be completed by month 15. Post 6 month follow‐up data collection will be completed by month 20. The study investigators will share the results of baseline and follow‐up findings in manuscripts and at national meetings, in addition to using the generated data to design a larger intervention trial. Participants. The study investigators will recruit 40 sedentary (exercise <1 hour/week) participants who are 45‐65 years of age, have impaired fasting glucose and are cognitively normal (based on the comprehensive ADRC battery). The cohort has received detailed annual medical and cognitive evaluation since enrolling in the Wisconsin ADRC. The cohort is well‐characterized for health status and medication use, has undergone genotyping AD‐related risk genes, and has banked fluid samples and DNA. Importantly, participants are characterized on metabolic risk, with slightly more than half meeting criteria for central obesity and/or elevated fasting glucose. Exclusion criteria are: active lifestyle (exercise >1 hour/wk); body mass index > 40; MRI contraindications; history of neurological disease, prior neurosurgery; diagnosed and/or treated type 1 or 2 diabetes; pregnancy; acute or subacute active cardiac disease (ongoing chest pain or myocardial infarction < 3 months); significant orthopedic or musculoskeletal condition that limits weight bearing. Eligibility, Screening and Testing. Following IRB approval, a study coordinator will send an invitation letter describing the study to eligible participants previously identified via fasting glucose levels as pre‐diabetic. Interested participants will be contacted by the study coordinator for further eligibility screening. Exercise testing will take place at the School of Nursing Exercise Physiology Laboratory. After an overnight fast, participants will arrive in the morning at the Clinical Research Unit to have blood samples collected for Metabolomics, A1C, glucose and insulin, receive cognitive testing, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Participants will undergo MRI at the Wisconsin Institutes for Medical Research (WIMR). 12‐Week Diet and Exercise Intervention. The intervention is based on the research team's successful prior work in behavioral interventions. During the 12‐week intervention, all participants will participate in a diet and exercise program. Exercise: Participants will attend a supervised exercise program, 10 subjects per group meeting 3x/wk. The program will begin with exercise for 20 minutes at a moderate intensity (determined during initial exercise testing). After week 2, exercise will be increased to 30 minutes; and after week 3, exercise will be increased to 50 minutes, resulting in 150 minutes of supervised exercise weekly. Exercise will be preceded by a 10 minute warm‐up and a 10 minute cool down following exercise. The exercise classes will be held at the University of Wisconsin Natatorium, which includes stationary bikes, treadmills, elliptical machines, etc. Participants will be encouraged to exercise on their own for 30‐50 minutes at least 2 days/week for a total of 5 days/week of exercise. Participants will be provided with heart rate monitors and instruction on how to use them to maintain a target heart rate during exercise. Anaerobic threshold measured during baseline testing will be used initially to determine target heart rate, but participants will be monitored every other week during the exercise sessions using heart rate variability techniques published by the Co‐PI, R. Gretebeck to adjust for improvements in exercise capacity. Diet: Participants will be instructed by a dietitian (Co‐PI, Dr. R. Gretebeck) to follow a diet designed to reduce post prandial and overall glucose levels. The American Diabetes Association approves the use of a CRD in overweight or obese individuals, but cautions that this approach should be limited to one year. There is no consensus on the definition of a CRD, but most studies have used diets providing between 30‐100g of carbohydrates per day accompanied with a moderate amount of protein (15‐30% of calories), with fats providing the rest of daily energy requirements. For this study, participants will be instructed to avoid or restrict grains, sugars, legumes, starchy vegetables, and fruits. Carbohydrate from dairy, condiments, nuts and seeds etc. will not be limited, resulting in a diet that is not considered severely restricted and thus easier to follow, but still less than 100g of carbohydrates per day. In concrete terms, most meals will include some source of animal protein including dairy products with non‐starchy vegetables and fat from sources such as olive oil, avocado, nuts, butter and cheese. Behavior Change: The dietitian (who is also an exercise physiologist) and Co‐I, K. Gretebeck, behavior change expert, will conduct a weekly 30‐minute behavior change class with the focus on self‐regulation (goal setting, self‐monitoring, relapse prevention, overcoming barriers, etc.) to promote diet and exercise adherence. Specific emphasis will be placed on glucose self‐monitoring for immediate feedback of glycemic control. Building on the behavior change classes, the study investigators will use glucose self‐monitoring as an immediate feedback loop to motivate participants to maintain normalized or improved glucose homeostasis through diet and exercise. Following the 12‐week diet and exercise intervention, participants will continue to self‐monitor their blood glucose, and continue the diet and exercise program on their own. After the 12 week intervention, investigators will meet with participants monthly to collect blood and urine for metabolomics, and download the glucose history from the glucose monitors. The following objective measures will be used to assess adherence to the lifestyle intervention: history of glycemic control from glucose monitors, HOMA‐IR, exercise capacity (V02 max), 6 minute walk, and metabolomic changes. Glucose Self‐Monitoring. Participants will be provided with glucose monitors that maintain a history of results for fasting and post prandial blood glucose. During the first 2 weeks of the 12 week intervention, participants will be instructed to monitor their fasting and post prandial (evening meal) blood glucose daily, and after week 2 every other day, with the goal or reaching a FBG <100 mg/dl (<86 ideal), and 2 hour post‐prandial blood glucose <140 mg/dl (<120 ideal). After the goal has been reached, participants will be asked to continue to self‐monitor weekly. It is anticipated that many participants will reach this goal within the first 4 weeks. Primary Outcomes. CBF (measured at baseline, after the 12 week intervention and after 6 month follow‐up). All participants will be screened for contraindications to MRI using standard clinical screening questionnaires. Participants will undergo MRI on a 3.0 Tesla X750 GE Discovery scanner with an 8‐channel array head coil. Scan time is 45 minutes and will include scans relevant to the primary outcome measure of micro‐ and macro‐vessel CBF. Additional scans will include a 3D T1‐weighted volume, and T2 FLAIR to assess ischemic lesion burden. Cognition (measured at baseline, after the 12 week intervention and after 6 month follow‐up). Memory and executive function will be measured as follows: 1) Memory function as indexed by the California Verbal Learning Test‐II: learning slope for trials 1‐5 and long delay retention57, and 2) Executive function as indexed by: the Delis‐Kaplan Executive Function System Trails Test, and Color‐Word Interference Test58. Also, participants will be fully characterized on cognitive function by the ADRC, including the National Alzheimer's Coordinating Center Uniform Dataset. Metabolomics. Fasting blood and urine (second void of the morning) samples will be collected before and after the 12 week diet and exercise intervention as well as every 2 weeks during the 12 week intervention, and monthly during 6 month follow‐up. Our project will use the metabolomics database developed at the NMRFAM at UW‐Madison and made freely available through the BMRB59 at (www.bmrb.wisc.edu/metabolomics). Other Measures at baseline, after the 12 week intervention and after 6 month follow‐up. Exercise Capacity (VO2max) will be measured using treadmill walking at 3.0 mph for 3 minute stages progressing potentially through 0, 3, 6, 9, 12, and 15% grades of incline. Every 3 minutes the grade will be increased until the participants reach volitional fatigue. Heart rate and respiratory gases will be monitored continuously, and blood pressure and blood lactate (finger prick) will be monitored at the end of each stage. Physical Function (6 minute walk). Participants will be instructed to cover as much ground as possible on a hallway course over 6 minutes. 6 minute walk is measured in feet walked over 6 minutes65. Metabolic Status. Fasting glucose, insulin, and A1c will be measured by University of WI Clinical Research Unit Diet and Exercise Self‐efficacy and Self‐regulation. Validated questionaires for self‐regulation66 and self‐efficacy67 for physical activity will be utilized, and a questionnaire developed by Anderson et. al.68 for nutrition related behavior will adapted for use with a CRD. Glucose Monitoring. Participants will receive a ReliOn® Ultima (Abbott Diabetes Care Inc) glucose monitor and test strips, which meets FDA standards for accuracy (+20%). See description above for glucose self‐monitoring. Data from the glucose monitors will be downloaded before, every 2 weeks during the 12 week intervention, and monthly for 6 months.
 A clinical trial to study the effects of intravenous iron sucrose therapy as compared to standard therapy in anaemic pregnant women in India;  INTERVENTION: Intervention1: Intravenous Iron Sucrose: Iron sucrose complex will be administered as 200mg elemental iron in 100ml 0.9%NaCl infusion for a period not more than 1 hr every 3 days until total required dose is complete. Control Intervention1: Standard therapy for anemia: Oral iron preparation with or without Intramuscular Iron, Blood transfusion CONDITION: Pregnant women with anemia( Hb between 5‐9 gm%) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Composite of potentially life threatening conditions which includes need for blood transfusion, post‐partum haemorrhage, puerperal sepsis, shock, prolonged hospital stay (7 day postpartum stay) any ICU admission or referral to higher centres‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 weeks post partum SECONDARY OUTCOME: Components of the primary maternal composite end point‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 weeks post partum Components of the secondary fetal endpoints‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 weeks post partum Composite of perinatal death, preterm labour and low birth weight (fetal composite endpoint)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 weeks post partum Economic outcomes Cost per maternal death averted averted‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 weeks post partum Haemoglobin and MCV‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 wks from randomization at delivery and 6 weeks post delivery Immediate and late adverse events ; ‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: during administration and 6 weeks post randomization Iron stores (serum ferritin)‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: At delivery and 6 weeks post delivery Quality of life of mother‐‐‐‐‐‐Timepoint: 6 weeks from randomization and 6 weeks post delivery INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Pregnant women â?¢ Consenting women aged above 18 years â?¢ With Hb between 5‐8 gm/dl between 20‐ 28 weeks of gestation â?¢ With Hb between 5‐9 gm/dl between >28‐ 32 weeks of gestation â?¢ MCV/RBC ratio above 14% â?¢ Plans to deliver in same health care facility and be available for a visit 6 weeks post delivery â?¢ Resides within 20 km radius from the recruiting hospital Exclusion criteria â?¢ Hb > 9gms/dl and < 5gms/dl â?¢ Pancytopenia â?¢ High suspicion of haemoglobinopathies based on clinical history and previous history of blood transfusion â?¢ Medical complications like hypertension, diabetes, asthma, hepatitis â?¢ Suspected acute infections like ARTI, UTI â?¢ K/C/O Heart disease like RHD, CHD and Heart Failure â?¢ H/o of previous parenteral iron therapy within 6 months â?¢ H/
 Amino acid regimen and intravenous lipid composition in preterm parenteral nutrition: a randomised double blind controlled trial of Nutritional Evaluation and Optimisation in Neonates. - Nutritional Evaluation and Optimisation in Neonates (NEON) v1.0;  INTERVENTION: Trade Name: Vaminolact Product Name: Vaminolact (Recommended Daily Intake) Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Amino acids Concentration unit: g/l gram(s)/litre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 65.3‐ Trade Name: SMOFlipid Product Name: SMOFLipid Pharmaceutical Form: Emulsion for infusion INN or Proposed INN: soya‐bean oil, triglycerides, olive oli, fish oil Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 200‐ Trade Name: Intralipid 20% Product Name: Intralipid 20% Pharmaceutical Form: Emulsion for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Purified Soybean Oil 20% Concentration unit: mg/ml milligram(s)/millilitre Concentration type: range Concentration number: 200‐ Trade Name: Vaminolact Product Name: Vaminolact (Incremental) Pharmaceutical Form: Solution for infusion INN or Proposed INN: Amino acids Concentration unit: g/l gram(s)/litre Concentration type: equal Concentration number: 65.3‐ CONDITION: Preterm birth ; MedDRA version: 12.0 Level: LLT Classification code 10036594 Term: Premature birth INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1) Preterm infants born before 31 weeks of gestation 2) Written informed consent from parents Are the trial subjects under 18? yes Number of subjects for this age range: F.1.2 Adults (18‐64 years) no F.1.2.1 Number of subjects for this age range F.1.3 Elderly (>=65 years) no F.1.3.1 Number of subjects for this age range PRIMARY OUTCOME: Main Objective: Amino acid arm: Does immediate rather than incremental introduction of Recommended Daily Intake (RDI) of amino acids compared to current practice of incremental and low intake in extremely preterm infants result in a greater accrual of non‐adipose (lean) body mass? ; ; Lipid arm: Does 20% SMOFlipid (Soy bean, Medium chain triglycerides, Olive oil and Fish oil combination, a 3rd generation lipid with a lower ratio of n6 to n3 fatty acids and liver protective) compared to 20% Intralipid (currently used lipid formulation composed of Soy bean oil) in extremely preterm infants reduce Intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) at term age equivalent? ; ; The three main components of nutrition or 'macronutrients' are carbohydrates, lipids and protein. Amino acids are the 'building blocks' of protein and important for the development of lean tissue such as muscle. ; ; Intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) or fatty liver is associated with problems such as diabetes and insulin resistance. We have shown that p Primary end point(s): For the amino acid intervention the primary outcome measure will be non adipose (lean) body mass measured by whole body magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). ; ; For the lipid intervention the primary outcome will be hepatic magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) to measure intrahepatocellular lipid content (IHCL).; Secondary Objective: Does immediate rather than incremental introduction of Recommended Daily Intake of amino acids in extremely preterm infants result in:; 1) Increased cerebral volumes and cerebral vessel tortuosity (measured by distance factor) at term? (These are measures of brain development); 2) Reduced insulin resistance at term? (insulin resistance is a risk factor for diabetes); 3) Lower incidence of growth failure between birth and term equivalent defined as drop in weight standard deviation (SD) scores between birth and term equivalent of more than 0.5 SD? ; 4) Reduced ratio of internal to subcutaneous adipose tissue (fat) at term? (increase in internal adipose tissue is associated with problems such as risk of diabetes); ; Does 20% SMOF lipid (with lower ratio of n6 to n3 fatty acids) compared to 20% Intralipid in extremely preterm infants:; 1) Reduce the incidence of hypertriglyceridaemia and hyperbilirubinaemia? (high levels of fat in the blood and jaundice, both associated with PN use)
 Robotic Versus Laparoscopic Techniques for Revisional Bariatric Surgery;  Revisional bariatric surgery is becoming increasingly commonplace in surgical practices. Approximately 10‐25% of patients bariatric surgery will require a revisional procedure at some point after their initial operation. A conversion from one procedure to another can take place as part of a planned two‐step procedure or due to failed weight loss or weight regain after the initial procedure. Furthermore, patients can require revision due to other acute and chronic complications such as marginal ulcers, stenosis and nausea/vomiting. Though these procedures are generally successful in their intended goal, it is been reported that complication rates are higher after revision surgery the primary bariatric procedures. Despite this, few studies have explored methods of increasing safety for revisional bariatric surgery. Robotic surgery is a tool that could potentially aid in the safety of revisional bariatric surgery. Specific to bariatric surgery, the major strengths of robotic surgery is in facilitating more complex surgical steps, such as a hand‐sewn gastrojejunostomy, and providing superior imaging and freedom of movement compared to traditional laparoscopy. While these advantages may not confer major benefits in primary bariatric surgery, revisional bariatric surgery often requires hand‐sewn anastomoses in anatomical locations made more difficult by previous surgical scarring and altered anatomy. This may also translate into a long‐term clinical and economic benefit which could offset the costs of robotics. Despite this potential, there have been relatively few studies that have investigated the use of robotic assistance during revisional bariatric surgery and almost none with long‐term data. Furthermore, there is a paucity of high‐quality research demonstrating any intervention that increases safety during revisional bariatric surgery, including robotics. Considering the current and future demand revisional bariatric surgery, there is a large potential role for any interventions that can increase safety during these operations. Aim: The aim of our study is to prospectively evaluate the difference between robotic and laparoscopic revisional bariatric surgery in major surgical outcomes and metabolic outcomes, where applicable. Study Population: Patients seen in the bariatric clinic and judged to be potential candidates for revisional of bariatric surgery will be screened as potential candidates for this study. Inclusion Criteria Participants must meet all of the following inclusion criteria: ‐ The subject previously met National Institutes of Health criteria for bariatric surgery11 and received a bariatric surgical procedure. ‐ The subject is under consideration to undergo a revisional bariatric procedure after for failed sustained weight loss, weight regain or other chronic issues requiring revision. ‐ The subject is able and willing to give written consent ‐ The subject must be 18‐70 years of age ‐ The subject must be willing and able to participate in the study procedures and to understand and sign the informed consent Exclusion criteria Participants who meet any of the following criteria at the time of the baseline visit are NOT eligible to be enrolled in this study: ‐ The subject has a contraindication to general anesthesia ‐ The revision does not occur within the first 90 days of the initial bariatric procedure ‐ The subject has any medical condition, which in the judgment of the Investigator and/or designee makes the subject a poor candidate for the investigational procedure ‐ The subject is a pregnant or lactating female (Women of child bearing potential must take a pregnancy test prior to surgery) ‐ The subject has an history of alcohol abuse (>30 g/day in men or >20 g/day in women) ‐ Any subject who is considered to be part of a vulnerable population (e.g. prisoners or those with psychological concerns or those without sufficient mental capacity) ‐ The subject is unable or unwilling to comply with the study requirements or follow‐up schedule ‐ The subject has conditions which, in the opinion of the investigator, will not be appropriate for the study (e.g. severe cardiovascular disease, history of gastrointestinal (GI) malignancy, history of upper GI surgery, open cholecystectomy, history of intestinal surgery, immunosuppression, or non‐ambulatory) ‐ The subject has an estimated life expectancy of less than 6 months Methodology All patients will have routine pre‐operative bariatric clinic assessment. This includes, among other things, complete medical history and physical exam, endoscopy, abdominal ultrasound and blood tests. This involves the nurse, surgeon and internal medicine doctor that will evaluate the patient regarding co‐morbidities. A prospective study will be able to start in January 2019 and will have a single surgeon performing robotic revisional bariatric surgery at St. Joseph Healthcare. Robotic revisional bariatric surgery will be performed according to the National Institutes of Health, as well as the American College of Surgeons (ACS) and the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) guidelines. This study will include patients over 18 years‐old who have previously undergone bariatric surgery and a require revisional procedure. The investigators will collect demographic data related to the patient such the age, gender, weight, height, BMI, comorbidities such as hypertension, sleep apnea, hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia, type 2 diabetic (with or without insulin therapy). The investigators will assess the operative time, the immediate postoperative complication rate according to Dindo‐Clavien classification, the mean length of hospital stay, the thirty‐day readmission rate, the thirty‐day reoperation rate and the long‐term reintervention rate. Follow‐up of the patients at 6 months, 1, 3 and 5 years, will be conducted as per usual through the bariatric clinic where secondary outcomes will be assessed. The investigators will randomise 60 patients between robotic (30 patients) and laparoscopic revisional bariatric surgery (30 patients) to evaluate those procedures in terms of perioperative safety, weight loss and comorbidity resolution. Consent: Patients will be approached for consent during their preoperative evaluation visits at the Bariatric Clinic. Members of the study team will explain the study to the patient, answer questions and will explain the informed consent form. Once all questions have been answered to the patient's satisfaction, the patient will be asked to provide written informed consent. Randomization: Once consent has been signed, the patient will be assigned to any of the two groups, using a computer‐based randomization on REDCap and the patient will be assigned to the corresponding study arm. Screening: The patients will have all screening done before consent is signed. Potential risk: Potential risks of this study are related to surgery. The patient should not have any increased risk when assigned to the study group robotic vs standard surgical treatment. Safety: Assessment of outcomes Primary Outcomes Surgical Complications: These will be defined by the Clavien‐Dindo classification and our primary outcome will be long‐term complications higher than grade III: Long‐term reintervention rate: Secondary Outcomes Hypertension: ‐ Normal blood pressure: systolic <120 mmHg and diastolic <80 mmHg ‐ Prehypertension: systolic 120 to 139 mmHg or diastolic 80 to 89 mmHg (see "Prehypertension") Safety will be assessed on an ongoing basis by the Principal Investigator. All adverse events will be evaluated as they occur by the Principal Investigator to determine the study continuance and to make any modifications to the procedure when necessary. Grade III: Requiring surgical, endoscopic or radiological intervention Grade III‐a: intervention not under general anesthesia Grade III‐b: intervention under general anesthesia Grade IV: Life‐threatening complication (including CNS complications)‡ requiring IC/ICU‐management Grade IV‐a: single organ dysfunction (including dialysis) Grade IV‐b: multi organ dysfunction Grade V: Death of a patient Reinterventions for chronic surgical complications will be assessed through the bariatric clinic. Only complications related to the procedure, such as therapeutic endoscopy or reoperation will be counted. The presence and remission of hypertension will be diagnosed by the definitions suggested in 2003 by the seventh report of the Joint National Committee (JNC 7) and are based upon the average of two or more properly measured readings at each of two or more office visits after an initial screen: ‐ Hypertension: ‐ Stage 1: systolic 140 to 159 mmHg or diastolic 90 to 99 mmHg ‐ Stage 2: systolic ≥160 mmHg or diastolic ≥100 mmHg Type 2 diabetes: The presence and remission of type 2 diabetes will be diagnosed according to the American Diabetes Association's current criteria: 1. A1C ≥6.5 percent, OR 2. FPG ≥126 mg/dL (7.0 mmol/L), OR 3. Two‐hour plasma glucose ≥200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/L) during an OGTT, OR 4. In a patient with classic symptoms of hyperglycemia or hyperglycemic crisis, a random plasma glucose ≥200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/L). Post‐surgical evaluation: All patients will undergo the standard bariatric postoperative evaluation including: • Appointments with the bariatric team (surgeon, internist, nurse, dietitian, social worker and psychologist) at 1 week, 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, 1 year, and then on a yearly basis until at least 5 years after date of surgery. Statistical analysis: Descriptive statistics (means, medians, standard deviations) will be used to characterize the patient population where applicable. Chi square was used to analyze dichotomous patient variables such as adverse events while continuous variables were analysed using T‐tests. Our primary outcome will be any reintervention, readmission or grade 2, 3, 4 or 5 complication over the entire period of the study. Interim analysis will be done at years 1 and 3. Participants will be followed followed for the 5 years postoperatively. This study is designed to assess a 50% reduction in time to the primary outcome, with p <0.05 and 80% power (assuming a major complication/reintervention rate of approximately 20% in the literature). The primary outcome will be evaluated using a hazard ratio and time‐to‐event analysis. Kaplan‐Meier curves will created for both groups and compared in a univariable manner using the log rank test. Two Cox models will then created to assess the hazard ratio between the treatment and control groups. The first will be a univariable model using treatment as the only variable. A second, multivariable will be created to ascertain the effect of the treatment after adjustment for important variable. Our secondary metabolic outcomes will be assessed using a log transformed generalized linear model with robust confidence intervals for binary and continuous outcomes, where appropriate. For binary outcomes, this provides the risk ratios for the effect estimate of robotic vs laparoscopic approaches. Two regression models will be created to assess the differneces between the treatment and control groups. The first will be a univariable model using treatment as the only variable. A second, multivariable was created to ascertain the effect of the treatment after adjustment for important variables that may not have been balanced during randomization. Monte Carlo Markov Chain estimation will be used for the regression models with 100,000 iterations after a 5,000 iteration burn‐in. All chains were examined for convergence. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05. Data were analyzed using Stata (StataCorp version 12.1; College Station, TX) and MLwiN (Version 2.26; Centre for Multilevel Modelling, University of Bristol).
 Breast Milk vs Sucrose in Relieving Procedural Pain in Preterm Neonates During Blood Draw by Automated Heel Lance;  Blood draw by automated heel lancet is a common painful procedure in the Neonatal Intensive care units (NICU). The cutaneous sensory receptors on all mucosal and cutaneous surfaces are developed by 20 weeks gestational age (GA) and the neuronal circuits that carry pain stimuli from skin to cerebral cortex are developed by around 26 weeks of GA. Recurrent pain in preterm neonates impacts their postnatal growth, development, is associated with altered pain perception, and increased behavioral responses for future painful procedures. Oral sucrose is a commonly administered and effective non‐pharmacologic intervention used in the NICU for pain relief. There is insufficient evidence on its mechanism of action, minimum effective dose, the effect of repeated doses on long‐term neurodevelopmental outcomes, and the consistency in providing pain relief with repeated doses over time. Moreover, the analgesic effect of sucrose is a developmentally transient phenomenon. Another non‐pharmacologic intervention studied for pain relief in neonates is breast milk. The analgesic property of breast milk is presumed to be from its sweet taste from lactose, flavor, and odor. Breast milk has high levels of tryptophan, a melatonin precursor which may increase secretion of beta‐endorphin, an endogenous opioid. There is a paucity of data comparing analgesic properties of breast milk and sucrose in preterm neonates, along with insufficient evidence of sucrose as mentioned earlier, The investigator conducted this prospective randomized controlled trial (RCT) comparing sucrose with breast milk for pain relief in preterm neonates. The primary objective of the study is to compare pain scores between two groups (24% sucrose and breast milk) during blood draw by automated heel lancet, in preterm neonates. The pain scores between the two groups will also be compared at 30 seconds intervals until two minutes post‐procedure. The current study is conducted at Hutzel Women's Hospital and Children's Hospital of Michigan NICU. Institutional Review Board approval was obtained from Wayne State University prior to study initiation. Before the study was initiated, physicians were trained in assessing the PIPP‐R pain scale. The pain scores were given by two physicians who were blinded to the treatment arm, at baseline, during, 30‐, 60‐, 90‐, and 120 seconds post‐procedure. These scores were given either at the time of the procedure or a video is recorded to be scored later. Eligible participants were identified and written informed consent was obtained from the parents. The timing and need for a blood draw are decided by the clinical team and are performed by the nurse taking care of the participant. Randomization was done by the pharmacist through a computer‐generated program. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 0.5 ml 24 % sucrose or 2 ml breastmilk, 2 minutes prior to the procedure. On the day of the procedure, the pharmacist sent a closed sealed envelope with a randomization group to the nurse taking care of the participant. Pain scores are given by two physicians during and post‐procedure. Te Investigators collected maternal characteristics of participants like age, prenatal care, race, history of diabetes and hypertension, receipt of antenatal steroids, magnesium, histological diagnosis of chorioamnionitis, mode of delivery, and duration of rupture of membranes. Neonatal characteristics collected include sex, APGAR score at 1 and 5 minutes, birth weight, gestational age, weight on the day of the procedure, postmenstrual age, number of skin pricks prior to the day of the procedure, and adverse events pre‐defined as heart rate >240beats/minute or heart rate <80 beats/minute for >20 seconds, oxygen saturation <80 for >20 seconds, no spontaneous respiration for >20 seconds, choking, gagging were collected. For this non‐inferiority trial, the investigators chose the clinically significant difference to be 2 between the median PIPP‐R scores during the procedure The investigators required 88 patients (44 in each group) to show that the lower limit of one‐sided 95 % CI will be above the non‐inferiority limit of ‐2 for an alpha error of 5% and power of 90 %.
 Omega-3 on Lipid Profile and Serum Leptin Level n Neonates With Intrauterine Growth Restriction;  Intrauterine growth restriction is a major cause of perinatal mortality and morbidity . It is noted to affect approximately 5‐15 % of pregnant women. Egypt has one of the highest incidences of Intrauterine Growth Restriction. The incidence of IUGR varies among countries, populations, races and increases with decreasing gestational age. 14 to 20 million infants have been affected with Intrauterine Growth Restriction cases in the developing countries annually. A complex and dynamic interaction of maternal, placental and fetal environment is involved in ensuring normal fetal growth. An imbalance or lack of coordination in this complex system may lead to Intrauterine Growth Restriction. Intrauterine Growth Restriction( IUGR) results in significant perinatal and long‐term complications, including increased neonatal mortality and morbidity and higher risk for developing metabolic syndrome later in life. Physiological differences have been noted in growth restricted infants. Intrauterine amino acid disturbances similar to biochemical changes seen in postnatal protein deprived states have been detected. Protein metabolism defect and altered lipid metabolism also have been described. Undernourishment in utero appears to be associated with persisting changes in the metabolic functions. Birth weight influences the lipoprotein profile and cholesteryl ester transfer protein, which promotes a proatherogenic lipoprotein profile in plasma by determining chemical, physical and biological properties of the respective lipoprotein particle in neonates. Recent research suggests that several of major disease of later life, including coronary heart disease, hypertension & type II diabetes originate in impaired intrauterine growth and development. These diseases may be consequence of programming whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period of early life has a permanent effect on structure, physiology and metabolism.
 Comparison of the effects of metformin, flutamide plus oral contraceptives, and simvastatin on the metabolic consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome;  Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the common endocrine disorders in women of reproductive ages. It is associated with a range of disorders, such as dyslipidemia, hypertension, insulin resistance (IR), compensatory hyperinsulinemia, gestational, and type 2 diabetes, and increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity. There are different treatments available for PCOS. The purpose of this study was to determine and compare the effects of metformin, flutamide plus oral contraceptives (OCs), and simvastatin on the metabolic consequences of PCOS. Materials and Methods: This study was a single‐blind clinical trial. The subjects were selected from a group of patient with PCOS and metabolic syndrome, who were referred to the midwifery clinic of Al‐Zahra Hospital and Beheshti Hospital, Isfahan, Iran. A total of 111 subjects were randomly assigned to three groups: metformin, flutamide plus OCs, and simvastatin groups. The measurements were performed at baseline and after 6 months of therapy. Paired t‐test, analysis of variance (ANOVA), and chi‐square test were applied in this study. Results: A total of 102 subjects were analyzed in this study, 34 subjects were allotted in each group. The prevalence of IR was statistically different between three groups (P‐value = 0.001). After a 6‐month course, metformin showed larger reduction in fasting blood sugar (FBS) level (P‐value < 0.001). However, except for metformin, two other treatments reduced C‐reactive protein (CRP) level significantly (both P‐values < 0.001). The level of triglycerides (TGs) decreased considerably in all groups (all P‐values < 0.001). Both metformin and simvastatin decreased BMI significantly (both P‐values < 0.001). None of the treatments changed high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) level (all P‐values > 0.05). Conclusion: Metformin performed better in FBS reduction. Simvastatin had better performance in terms of reducing TG level and waist circumference.
 PCOS: intervention possibilities;  Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex and heterogeneous disease that involves reproductive and metabolic elements. These comprise of a range of disorders, such as anovulation, hirsutism, obesity, dyslipidaemia, hypertension, insulin resistance (IR), gestational and type 2 diabetes, all associated with increased risk infertility and cardiovascular morbidity. A specific phenotyping based on: (a) body fat mass, (b) insulin sensitivity and (c) refined measurement of follicular morphology translates well to the individual proinflammatory/thrombogenic potential, i.e., thrombophilia in PCOS women. Glucagon‐like peptide‐1 (GLP‐1) analogues facilitate weight loss and ameliorate metabolic dysfunction in overweight women with PCOS, but their effect on ovarian dysfunction is scarcely reported. In a double‐blind, randomised trial, we allocated women with PCOS to intervention with the GLP‐1 analogue (liraglutide) or placebo. Liraglutide caused weight loss and bleeding pattern improved. Also, SHBG increased and free testosterone decreased. HbA1C, fasting glucose, and leptin were reduced. The metabolic disorders and increased BMI associated with PCOS frequently brings up the debate regarding risks vs. benefits of combined oral contraceptives (COCs). As with other intervention possibilities, the biological effects of COCs will depend on the individual PCOS phenotype and type of COC administered. The literature still does not suggest one specific COC formulation over another. The lack of large‐scale studies evaluating the risks with varying doses of ethinyl estradiol, types of progestins and presence of confounding factors such as obesity and smoking is a significant limitation in these considerations. Thus in conclusion, promising clinical results exist for beneficial use of GLP‐1 analogues optional to the traditional metformin treatment in PCOS. Selected COCs may serve as an intervention add back, in addition to lifestyle education efforts.
 Assessing the effect of the ointment of green tea on the intensity of episiotomy pain and wound healing;  INTERVENTION: betadin, 3 times a day for 10 days Green tea ointment is used as much as one knuckle (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice per day for 10 days. Intervention 1: Green tea ointment is used as much as one knuckle (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice per day for 10 days. Intervention 2: placebo ointment is used as much as one knuckle (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice per day for 10 days. Intervention 3: betadin, 3 times a day for 10 days. Placebo placebo ointment is used as much as one knuckle (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice per day for 10 days. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: episiotomy. ; Second degree perineal laceration during delivery Second degree perineal laceration during delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Intensity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 hours, 5 and 10 days postpartum. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Wound healing of episiotomy. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 hours, 5 and 10 days postpartum. Method of measurement: REEDA scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: primiparous woman; gestational ages between 37 to 42 weeks; aged 18 to 35 year; BMI between 19.8‐30 kg/m2; resident in kerman; was educated; singleton birth with cephalic presentation; child weigh between 2500 to 4000 grams; have a vaginal delivery with mediolateral episiotomy without instrumental delivery and without tears; no rupture of membranes more than 24 hours; not eclampsia and pre‐eclampsia; no manual removal of placenta; not taking the first stage of labor (more than 14 hours) and the second stage of labor (more than 2 hours) and the third stage of labor (more than 30 minutes); no fetal anomaly or bedfast to the neonatal unit; have hematoma episiotomy; no addiction; no allergies to topical drugs; the lack of diseases such as chronic systemic disorders, cardiovascular, respiratory, coagulation disorders and connective tissue, diabetes, anemia, immunosuppressant, hemophilia, malnutrition and psychological disorders; no history of injury,
 The effect of Hypericum Perforatum cream on the episiotomy wound healing and common discontent after childbirth in primiparous women;  INTERVENTION: In control group; placebo cream (produced in Shahid Beheshti pharmacy faculty) uses topically one finger amount (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice for 10 days. Intervention 1: Intervention group: Hypericum cream (produced in Shahid Beheshti pharmacy faculty) uses topically one finger amount (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice for 10 days. Intervention 2: In control group; placebo cream (produced in Shahid Beheshti pharmacy faculty) uses topically one finger amount (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice for 10 days. Intervention group: Hypericum cream (produced in Shahid Beheshti pharmacy faculty) uses topically one finger amount (2cm) on episiotomy wounds twice for 10 days. Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound Episiotomy. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Common discontent after childbirth. Timepoint: 10days after delivery. Method of measurement: questionnaire. Intensity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 hours, 5 and 10 days postpartum. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Wound healing of episiotomy. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 hours, 5 and 10 days postpartum. Method of measurement: REEDA scale. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Sedative tablets counting. Timepoint: 10 day after delivery. Method of measurement: questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: primiparous woman; aged 18 to 35 years; have a vaginal delivery with mediolateral episiotomy without instrumental delivery and tears; singleton birth with cephalic presentation; was educated; resident in talesh; gestational ages must be between 37 to 42 weeks; child weights must be between 2500 to 4000 grams; the lack of diseases history such as chronic systemic disorders; cardiovascular; Respiratory; coagulation disorders and connective tissue; diabetes; anemia; immunosuppressant; hemophilia; malnutrition and psychological disorders; no allergies to topical drugs; no rupture of membranes more than 24 hours; no addiction; BMI between 19.8‐30 kg/m2; no manual removal of placenta; no fetal anomaly or bedfast to the neonatal unit; not taking the first stage of labor (more than 14 hours) and the second stage of labor (more than 2 hours) and the third stage of labor (more than 1 hours). Exclusion criteria: do not visit for care; do not use hypericum
 The Electronic CardioMetabolic Program (eCMP) for Patients With Cardiometabolic Risk: a Randomized Controlled Trial;  BACKGROUND: Effective lifestyle interventions targeting high‐risk adults that are both practical for use in ambulatory care settings and scalable at a population management level are needed. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine the potential effectiveness, feasibility, and acceptability of delivering an evidence‐based Electronic Cardio‐Metabolic Program (eCMP) for improving health‐related quality of life, improving health behaviors, and reducing cardiometabolic risk factors in ambulatory care high‐risk adults. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, wait‐list controlled trial with 74 adults aged ≥18 years recruited from a large multispecialty health care organization. Inclusion criteria were (1) BMI ≥35 kg/m(2) and prediabetes, previous gestational diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome, or (2) BMI ≥30 kg/m(2) and type 2 diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. Participants had a mean age of 59.7 years (SD 11.2), BMI 37.1 kg/m(2) (SD 5.4) and were 59.5% female, 82.4% white. Participants were randomized to participate in eCMP immediately (n=37) or 3 months later (n=37). eCMP is a 6‐month program utilizing video conferencing, online tools, and pre‐recorded didactic videos to deliver evidence‐based curricula. Blinded outcome assessments were conducted at 3 and 6 months postbaseline. Data were collected and analyzed between 2014 and 2015. The primary outcome was health‐related quality of life. Secondary outcomes included biometric cardiometabolic risk factors (eg, body weight), self‐reported diet and physical activity, mental health status, retention, session attendance, and participant satisfaction. RESULTS: Change in quality of life was not significant in both immediate and delayed participants. Both groups significantly lost weight and reduced waist circumference at 6 months, with some cardiometabolic factors trending accordingly. Significant reduction in self‐reported anxiety and perceived stress was seen in the immediate intervention group at 6 months. Retention rate was 93% at 3 months and 86% at 6 months post‐baseline. Overall eCMP attendance was high with 59.5‐83.8% of immediate and delayed intervention participants attending 50% of the virtual stress management and behavioral lifestyle sessions and 37.8‐62.2% attending at least 4 out of 7 in‐person physical activity sessions. The intervention received high ratings for satisfaction. CONCLUSIONS: The technology‐assisted eCMP is a feasible and well‐accepted intervention and may significantly decrease cardiometabolic risk among high‐risk individuals. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02246400; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02246400 (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6h6mWWokP).
 Metformin and Lifestyle Intervention in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome;  Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common and heterogeneous disorder of women in reproductive age. It is characterized by hyperandrogenism and chronic anovulation. Several studies in diverse populations estimate it's prevalence at 5‐10%. Women present, in a high percentage of cases, with obesity, hirsutism, acne, menstrual irregularities and infertility. Although the exact physiopathology of PCOS remains unknown, several studies tend to point to insulinoresistance (IR) as the cause of the syndrome. IR is present in 60 to 70% of patients independently of obesity. Compensatory hyperinsulinism has a pivotal role in the physiopathogenesis of PCOS. In vitro, insulin stimulates androgen synthesis in thecal cells and decrease sex hormone‐binding globulin synthesis in the liver, increasing free androgen availability. Due to the high prevalence of IR, PCOS shares components of metabolic syndrome: abdominal obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, gestational and type 2 diabetes, abnormalities in lipid profile, blood hypertension, endothelial dysfunction and probably cardiovascular disease. In the past, PCOS treatment was focus on ovulation induction for infertility, oral contraceptives for irregular bleeding, and androgens antagonists for hirsutism or acne. In later years insulin sensitizing agents have been used to reduce hyperinsulinemia, improve ovary function and associated metabolic abnormalities. Metformin (MTF), a biguanide, usually used in obese patients with type 2 diabetes,inhibits glucose hepatic production,decreases insulin secretion and increases peripheral insulin sensitivity. Some studies have reported an improvement in insulin sensitivity associated with reduction of hyperandrogenism and improvements in reproductive abnormalities with MTF. On the other hand, other authors failed to observe those changes. However, an off label indication for it usage in PCOS for FDA and the lack of large controlled trials, MTF indication to treat PCOS has grown dramatically in later years. In obese women with PCOS, weight loss effectively ameliorates hyperandrogenism and metabolic disorders by improving insulin resistance. Some trials have suggested that those effects could be improved with insulin sensitizing agents without changes in body weigh. The present study was designed to assess, in a randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled way, the effects of MTF in addition to lifestyle modifications on endocrine and metabolic disturbances in women with PCOS.
 Strength and flexibility training for pain reduction and work performance improvement;  INTERVENTION: Exercise Other Participants included in the control group (CG) (n = 47) will receive an educational booklet consisting of ten stretching exercises for overloaded body regions during work activities. The exercises will be performed at home, without supervision and twice a week on alternate days. The protocol will have a total duration of approximately 10 to 15 minutes per session. Participants in the experimental group (EG) (n = 47) will undergo a supervised training program with strength and flexibility exercises for all body segments. The training program, with the same weekly frequency as the GC, and each session will last approximately 20 to 28 minutes. The EG exercise protocol was structured in three parts and distributed as follows: 1) Stretching, mobility and stationary running exercises, with two series of 30 seconds; 2) The training program will consist of 5 exercises (external shoulder rotation, push‐up, squats, horizontal row and side lift). Two to three sets will be performed, ranging from 8 to 15 repetitions, 30‐second interval between exercises and 45‐60 seconds between sets; 3) The third and last part consists of the frontal plank and pelvic elevation exercises lasting between 15 and 60 seconds. Prior to the commencement of the intervention, three familiarization sessions will be held, and the progression of training and readjustment will be carried out according to the recommendations of the American College of Sports Medicine. The interventions will have a total duration of eight weeks. However, an intermediate evaluation will be performed in the fourth week. Resistance Training CONDITION: Shoulder Pain Shoulder pain ; Shoulder Pain PRIMARY OUTCOME: The study will assess changes in the score of the perception score of pain intensity, in the neck, shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand using the numerical pain scale (0‐10 points), where 0 indicates without pain and 10 the worst pain. Assessments will take place before, in the middle and after the intervention. SECONDARY OUTCOME: To assess changes in the score scores of the Global Effect Perception Scale, the scale will be used to assess the individual's perception of discomfort after the intervention, with a score between ‐5 and 5 points. Percentage data on absenteeism and productivity for each participant will also be evaluated, which will be provided by the company. To assess the changes in the score scores of the functionality of the upper limb and neck, before, in the middle and after the intervention, using the questionnaires: a) Shoulder Pain and Disability Index (SPADI); b) Disability of the Arm, Shoulder and Hand (DASH). The two questionnaires have scores between 0 and 100 points, c) Neck Disability Index, with a score score between 0 and 50 points. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Subjects of both sexes aged 18 to 50 years; physically independent; has not participated in structured exercise programs for at least 3 months; absence of clinical conditions or unstable disease that contraindicates the practice of supervised physical exercise during pre‐participation screening; chronic shoulder pain with score higher or equal trhee points in the numeric pain scale (0‐10); have a positive result in at least two shoulder pain‐specific orthopedic tests, namely: Neer, Hawkins‐Kennedy, Jobe, painful arch and external rotation resistance test; no history of shoulder trauma or surgery; not present musculoskeletal disorders that make it impossible to perform exercises; not having high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, heart failure, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident and / or diabetes; not being in gestational period; and being workers who perform activities with their hands over heads.
 Nepal Pioneer Worksite Intervention Study;  INTRODUCTION The burden of non‐communicable diseases (NCDs), such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, cancer, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),are on the rise in low‐ and middle‐ income countries. CVD is the leading cause of morbidity, mortality, and disability in South Asia, where 20% of the world's population resides. Sedentary lifestyle, poor diet, and excessive body weight are reported to have a large effect on the risk of developing NCD's. Lifestyle interventions addressing diet and exercise have reduced cardiovascular risk. Despite the evidence supporting the use of lifestyle interventions to prevent hypertension and diabetes and to improve glucose tolerance, their translation into real world settings has been challenging. Worksites provide unique opportunities for health promotion and disease prevention programs since people spend a majority of their time at work, and they allow access to large segments of the population. Worksites also provide an infrastructure and natural environment for social support. Worksite‐based health programs have shown positive impacts on employee health, and they have shown significant improvements in cardiovascular risk factor profiles. Worksite interventions encompassing environmental changes (i.e. low‐cost healthy food options), places for physical activity (i.e. fitness centers or gyms), , and group‐based health education classes, have been highlighted as components of successful worksite interventions. As an important way to translate CVD prevention efforts, worksite interventions can promote healthy food choices, facilitate health education, and provide social support. Thus, we planned a pioneer study that will measure the effectiveness of a cafeteria‐based intervention and a behavioral intervention on cardio‐metabolic risk among employees of a hospital based in Nepal, by evaluating the change in number of individuals reaching two or more cardio‐metabolic risk goals, specifically reductions in blood pressure, triglycerides, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c,). METHODS AND MATERIALS Study design: The Nepal Pioneer Worksite Intervention Study is a two‐step intervention study. In the first step, we will use a pre‐post design to assess how a cafeteria‐based intervention, that provides a healthier diet, effects cardio‐metabolic risk. In the second step, we will conduct an open‐masked, two‐arm randomized trial by allocating half of the participants to a cafeteria and behavioral (CB) intervention on prevention of cardio‐metabolic risk, while the other half of participants will receive the cafeteria‐only (CO) intervention. The study protocol has been approved by the institutional review committee at Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Nepal Health Research Council, and Kathmandu University School of Medical Sciences. Study Setting: The study will be conducted at Dhulikhel Hospital ‐Kathmandu University Hospital (DH‐KUH) in central Nepal. Dhulikhel Hospital is an independently owned, not‐for‐profit institution which was conceived and supported by the Dhulikhel community. The hospital has approximately 1040 employees and four functional cafeterias that are in operation 16 hours a day. Recruitment: We will conduct a 20‐minute information session in all of the hospital departments. Employees will be invited to attend sessions through flyers posted around the hospital and through announcements in department meetings. During the information session, we will explain the purpose and the expectations of the study. We will explain the ethical considerations, emphasizing the importance of protecting participant's privacy during research‐related interactions and outcomes, the volunteer nature of the study, the option to drop out of the study at any time and we will establish there should not be any coercion from supervisors to participate in the study. After the information session, research assistants (RAs) will set up an appointment for eligibility screening among interested participants. The inclusion criteria are: (a) adults 18 years or older; (b) full time employees of DH‐KUH; with (c) systolic blood pressure of >=120 mmHg or diastolic pressure >=80 mmHg; or HbA1c of 5.7% to 6.4%, or fasting blood sugar of >=100 mg/dL. The exclusion criteria of the study are: (a) pregnant women since dietary habits may change during pregnancy, (b) taking diabetes medication, or (c) taking hypertension medication. The details of the screening process are described below. The RA will obtain written informed consent in a private room for those individuals who are deemed eligible to participate in the study. A short oral consent process will be utilized for participants who cannot read the consent form. This will entail presenting all of the elements of the consent form verbally to the participant, in the presence of a witness. The witness will be required to sign a document stating the consent form has been verbally presented to the participant. Data collection: The schedule of enrollment and assessment is presented in Table 1. Screening: The RAs will conduct a 2 phased screening to identify the eligible participants. In the first screening, the RAs will screen participants by measuring blood pressure, and administering a questionnaire along with measures to calculate an Indian Diabetes Risk Score (IDRS).13 The IDRS takes age, abdominal obesity, self‐reported physical activity, and family history of diabetes into account. The IDRS score ranges from 0 to 100, with a high number indicating higher risk. The IDRS has been considered a reliable instrument to screen the risk of diabetes in Asian‐Indian populations.13 An IDRS of 30 or more has been shown to have 95% sensitivity and 45% specificity to detect prediabetes using fasting blood sugar criteria (100‐120 mg/dL); and 87% sensitivity and 47% specificity using HbA1c criteria (HbA1c 5.7‐6.5%) in an analysis of 560 free residents of Dhulikhel (Unpublished). Blood pressure will be measured in the right arm of seated participants, after a five‐ minute rest period. Three measurements of systolic and diastolic blood pressure will be taken using a Microlife automatic blood pressure measuring device. The mean of three blood pressure measurements will be used. The participants with systolic blood pressure of >=120 mmHg or diastolic pressure >=80 mmHg will be invited to participate regardless of their IDRS score. In the second screening, the participants scoring 30 or more on IDRS will be asked to provide a blood sample to measure HbA1c and fasting blood glucose. The individuals with HbA1c between 5.7% to 6.4% or fasting blood sugar of >=100 mg/dL will be invited to participate. All eligible individuals that provided informed consent will be enrolled. No compensation or reimbursement will be provided to the participants. Baseline assessment: At baseline, RAs will interview the participants using a standardized electronic questionnaire using Open Data Kit software.14 RAs will receive two weeks training on data collection and ethical issues. The questionnaire will assess socioeconomic characteristics including age, sex, ethnicity, religion, marital status, annual income, education, and lifestyle factors including smoking, alcohol intake, and physical activity. We will use the Global Physical Activity Questionnaire,15 and calculate the metabolic equivalent of task (MET) minutes per week. A weekly MET equivalent of 600 would represent 30 minutes of brisk walking five times per week or 15 minutes of running five times per week. Twenty four hour diet recall: To measure dietary intake, we will conduct two interviewer‐administered 24‐hour dietary recalls within a week. Each 24‐hour dietary recall will take approximately 25 minutes to complete. First, activities of the previous day will be documented to refresh the participant's memory. Then, a dietitian will ask the participant to recall everything s/he consumed from the first meal to last meal. The time and place of each meal will be noted, followed by detailed information on each food including: specific brands, ingredients, and/or recipes. Participants will be asked to report their food portions using colorful examples of sizes or household measures such as spoon, bowl, etc. If a participant reports using their own recipe, then complete information on each individual ingredient will be inquired about. Energy and nutrient intakes will be calculated using the food composition table for Nepal.16 Anthropometry: Body weight will be measured with minimum clothing and without shoes using an Omron Model hbf‐400 scale and recorded to the nearest 0.1 pounds. The weighing scale will calibrated to zero every day. Participants' heights will be measured, without shoes, while the participants stand against a wall. Height will be measured using a tape measure and recorded to the nearest 0.1cm. Laboratory: Blood samples will be analyzed for HbA1c, fasting glucose, low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, and total cholesterol. All of the laboratory procedures will be carried out in the biochemistry laboratory of DH‐KUH. Blood samples will be collected using evacuated blood collection tubes. Participants will be asked to fast overnight (8‐14 hours). The HbA1c will be measured using Boronate affinity chromatography (Axis‐Shield, Norway); fasting blood glucose using hexokinase method (Dialab, Austria); LDL and HDL using the elimination method (Dialab, Austria); triglyceride using gpo‐pap (Dialab, Austria); and total cholesterol using chod‐pap (Dialab, Austria). For each type of assay, the laboratory has quality control (QC) materials (sing commercially available assayed and unassayed control material) from biorad Laboratories, USA. Each QC is run at least in duplicate. External QC is arranged by internationally recognized reference laboratories that distribute batches of samples of various concentrations for each assay. The laboratory performs External Quality Assurance Scheme from unknown assayed sample from the Department of Clinical Biochemistry, Christine Medical College, Vellore, India for 23 routine parameters, 5 immunological parameters and HbA1c. Additionally, 5% of the blood samples will be obtained in duplicates and sent for testing all parameters, blinded to the laboratory personnel. Control period: We will have a control period of six months before implementing the intervention. There will not be any contact with the enrolled participants six months after the study enrollment. The control period will allow us to conduct the difference in difference analysis; hence minimizing potential biases in effect size, including increases or decreases in a health condition with time. Interventions Step 1: Cafeteria Intervention: After six months of the control period, all of the participants will receive the cafeteria intervention (Table 2). The cafeteria intervention was developed based on the findings from four focus group discussions with cafeteria users and nine in‐depth interviews with cafeteria operators and managers, about strategies to promote healthy foods in the worksite. The four cafeterias in the hospital will improve the quality of their meals by (1) increasing the availability of fresh fruit (not fruit juice) and vegetable options, (2) avoiding sales of sugar sweetened beverages, (3) replacing whole grains with refined grains in cooking; (4) using healthy vegetable oils such as soy and sunflower ; (5) minimizing the sale of fried foods; (6) trimming animal fats from meats before cooking; (7) using healthier protein sources such as chicken, beans, and nuts (8) making potable water free of cost; and (9) reducing salt in cooking. These guidelines are based on the recommendations for a healthy diet to improve cardiovascular health.22 To facilitate these changes, a cafeteria operation team will be formed and they will be trained on procedures to implement, supervise, and monitor the worksite's healthy changes. In addition, we will train the cafeteria staff on healthy eating, and how to modify recipes to incorporate healthy options. Step 2: The behavioral intervention: After six months of the cafeteria intervention, half of the participants will be randomized using computer generated random numbers to receive a cafeteria and behavioral intervention (CB), the other half of the participants will continue to receive the cafeteria only (CO) intervention. The behavioral intervention will be comprised of intensive education sessions, group counseling, and goal setting and monitoring exercises based on the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP)23 tailored to local needs. The curriculum includes 24 sessions of 16 cores weekly sessions during the first four months of the intervention followed by 8 weekly maintenance sessions. Each session will be 1 hour long, facilitated by a dietitian. Broadly, the curriculum covers the subject matters of importance of healthy weight, eating a healthy diet, increasing physical activity, stress management, and challenges of lifestyle changes. Similar to the cafeteria intervention, healthy eating messages include increasing fresh fruits and vegetable intake, avoiding added sugar, choosing whole grains, choosing healthier sources of protein, reducing sodium, and monitoring portion sizes. Participants will be encouraged to keep food and activity diaries throughout the course of the study. The maintenance period's focus will be on overcoming declines in motivation and maintaining long‐term healthy behaviors. All of the sessions will be conducted at the worksite during the workday. There will be about 20 participants in each education class. Participants will set a minimum of two lifestyle‐change goals (i.e. Half of their total grain intake will be whole grains, walking 30 minutes a day, or reducing 7% of their body weight). Follow up: We will assess outcomes at 6 months (at the end of the control period), 12 months (at the end of the cafeteria intervention), and 18 months (at the end of the behavioral intervention). During each follow up, fasting blood samples will be collected and analyzed for HbA1c, fasting glucose, and lipid profile (HDL, LDL, total cholesterol, triglycerides). We will re‐administer the global physical activity questionnaire, and the two 24‐hour diet recalls. We will re‐measure height, weight, waist circumference, and blood pressure at each time point Primary and secondary outcomes: The primary outcome will be the proportion of individuals reaching two or more of their cardio‐metabolic risk goals, namely, reductions in blood pressure, triglycerides, and HbA1c. Participants will be scored on the number of improved risk factors (0‐3) as defined by decreases in (1) HbA1c ≥0.5%; (2) systolic blood pressure ≥5 mm Hg; or plasma triglycerides ≥10 mg/dl. These outcomes were selected because blood pressure, HbA1c, and triglycerides are commonly measured in clinical settings. This makes their use clinically‐appropriate and translatable, as other CVD risk scores such as the Framingham Risk Score, do not perform well in South Asian populations.24 Moreover, the composite outcome allows for individuals to reduce different factors based on their variable risk profiles at baseline. For example, an individual with a baseline systolic blood pressure of 120 mmHg many not reduce this risk factor by as much as 5 mmHg, but may succeed in reducing HbA1c or triglycerides. The secondary outcomes are absolute changes in HbA1c, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and triglycerides. Data Management: We have taken four robust provisions to ensure data quality. First, the electronic questionnaire will be closed only if the data collection is complete to avoid partial or missing values. The data will be cleaned and checked every month. The answer fields for all integer variables will be constrained to ensure entry of only valid numbers. Second, RAs will receive intensive training on data collection and ethical considerations. Third, the site investigator will supervise the RAs on a day‐to‐day basis. Fourth, the principal investigators will hold weekly meetings with site investigators, and if required, with the RAs, to discuss the course of the intervention and to address any issues. Data Analysis Plan: The primary analysis will be intention to treat. The quantitative data analysis will follow the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) guidelines.25 Flowcharts will include the number of participants seen at each stage, including the number screened, eligible, randomized, and analyzed for the primary outcomes. Effectiveness of the cafeteria intervention: At the 12‐month follow‐up, we will compare the proportion of participants who achieved two or more of their cardio‐metabolic risk factor reduction goals during the cafeteria intervention period, to the proportion of participants in the control period, using the generalized estimating equations (GEE) approach with the binary distribution, logit link function and an exchangeable working correlation structure.26 Effectiveness of the behavioral intervention: At the 18‐month follow‐up, we will compare the proportion of participants who have achieved two or more of their cardio‐metabolic risk factor reduction goals in CO arm to the proportion of participants in the CB arm using chi‐square test. In the event that randomization does not control for differences between the treatment and control groups on baseline characteristics, we will statistically control for those differences using the GEE approach with the binary distribution, logit link function and an exchangeable working correlation structure.26 Our secondary analysis will compare the change in HbA1c, systolic blood pressure, and lipids during the cafeteria‐only intervention to the change during the control period using a paired t‐test. Similarly, we will compare the change in HbA1c, systolic blood pressure, and lipids between CO group and CB group using a paired t‐test. In the event that randomization does not control for differences between the treatment and control groups on baseline characteristics, we will conduct the GEE approach with the Gaussian distribution, identity link function and an exchangeable working correlation matrix26 to adjust for potential confounding factors. Sample size and power: The pre‐post design, with at least 366 eligible and enrolled participants27 and 5% loss to follow‐up (LTF) after 12 months, will have over 90% of power to detect the primary effectiveness endpoint of this trial, of 31.5% or greater, compared to the 21% change in the control group in a South Asian population.28 For the analysis of two randomized groups (CO and CB arms), with 320 participants, we will be able to detect a relative risk of 1.5 given 0.315 risk probability in the control group, 5% LTF rate with 80% power and 5% level of significance.29 In the secondary analysis will be the comparison of changes in HbA1c, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and lipids observed in the cafeteria intervention and the behavioral intervention. Given the sample sizes of 366 and 320 respectively, 5% LTF rate with 80% power and 5% level of significance, we will be able to detect the minimum differences presented in Table 1. For the before‐after design, we considered three possible values of the correlation (ρ=0.5,0.6,0.7) between changes during the control period and during the intervention period. Minimization of contamination: The risk and level of contamination during the randomized study phase for the behavioral intervention will be monitored at the participant level. The participants will be instructed not to share information about the study and not to provide any support to people in their worksite, other than their class mates. The behavioral classes will be conducted in a separate building outside of their workspace to ensure privacy. Further, we will measure possible contamination by asking if the participants have received any information / advice regarding diet and lifestyle changes from any of their peers and if they did, collect the name and contact information of the peer. If the contamination is found to be significant, we will make adjustments while estimating the effect. Intervention fidelity: Intervention fidelity refers to the extent the intervention is delivered as it was intended.30 In the proposed study, we will warrant and quantify the fidelity of both the cafeteria and the behavioral intervention. First, we will provide training sessions on the study objectives, details of the interventions, and the importance of fidelity to the study staff, cafeteria improvement committee and cafeteria staff. . Second, we will monitor the implementation of changes in the cafeteria using a structured checklist on a weekly basis. The checklist is provided in the supplementary materials. The deviance in fidelity will be discussed during the monthly meeting of the cafeteria improvement team where necessary action will be taken. For the behavioral intervention, we will measure attendance from participants and we will test pre‐ and post‐ knowledge on diabetes prevention, covered in the health education sessions. Finally, a site investigator will supervise the implementation of intervention. Interim analyses: We do not have a plan for interim analysis and do not expect a situation that would lead us to stop the study. The participants with newly reported pregnancy during the course of the study will be excluded from the study. Reportable Events and Indemnities: Serious adverse events are not expected. Other events related to study participation (such as an infection at the site of a blood draw clinic, or a breach of confidentiality) will be documented. All unanticipated problems (non‐medical occurrence) that involve risk to subjects or others will be reported to the institutional review board at Kathmandu School of Medical Sciences and Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
 EFFECT OF DIFFERENT NOREPINPHRINE APPLICATION METHODS IN CAESARIANES ON HYPOTENSION AFTER SPINAL ANESTHESIA;  EFFECT OF DIFFERENT NOREPINPHRINE APPLICATION METHODS IN CAESARIANES ON HYPOTENSION AFTER SPINAL ANESTHESIA INTRODUCTION Spinal anesthesia in cesarean sections is a frequently used anesthesia technique today. The most common complication associated with spinal anesthesia is hypotension. Systemic vascular resistance and cardiac output decrease due to sympathetic blockade, and when this is accompanied by bradycardia and contractility, hypotension develops(1,2,3). Maternal hypotension is a condition that can cause negative consequences such as nausea, vomiting, and dizziness in pregnant women who undergo spinal anesthesia. In addition, it increases the likelihood of fetal acidosis, hypoxia, and neonatal neurological damage. Therefore, it is necessary to treat maternal hypotension effectively. In the current treatment of maternal hypotension, intravenous fluid administration, treatments such as ephedrine, phenylephrine, and norepinephrine are used (4,5,7). Among these drugs, ephedrine is the first preferred vasopressor (4). For this reason, its efficacy and safety, and the use of different doses have been extensively studied (5,7). Ephedrine is a vasopressor with both direct and indirect effects in the treatment of hypotension due to neuraxial block in obstetrics with its alpha and beta agonist effects. The most important disadvantage of ephedrine is that it has a slow onset and weak effect, difficulty in titration, development of tachyphylaxis, causing maternal tachy‐arrhythmias and fetal acidosis (9). Ephedrine easily crosses the placenta and causes fetal tachycardia, an increase in noradrenaline concentration in the umbilical artery (UA), and a decrease in pH and base excess (BE). An increase in fetal metabolic rate, an increase in fetal O2 consumption and CO2 production, and an increase in lactate level are observed through beta‐adrenergic stimulation (9). Phenylephrine, on the other hand, is a pure alpha‐agonist agent that is more potent (phenylephrine/ephedrine: 80:1), easy to titrate, effectively treats hypotension and nausea‐vomiting, has minimal placental transfer, and does not cause fetal acidosis and changes (10‐11). However, the disadvantage of phenylephrine is that it decreases maternal heart rate and cardiac output (12). Another vasopressor drug used in the treatment of hypotension in recent years is norepinephrine. Norepinephrine is both an α‐receptor agonist and a weak β‐receptor agonist (7,8). Theoretically, it lowers heart rate and cardiac output less. There are previous studies in which norepinephrine was administered only as a prophylactic or only infusion to prevent hypotension after spinal anesthesia in cesarean sections. However, there are not enough studies reporting which of these application methods are more effective. Therefore, in our study, cesarean section under spinal anesthesia was planned; We aimed to investigate the effectiveness of norepinephrine differential administration methods on preventing maternal hypotension. WORKING PROTOCOL After the approval of the faculty ethics committee, the written and verbal consent of the patients will be obtained, and a double‐blind randomized study will be initiated. Pregnant women over the age of 18, with ASA (American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status) ≤ III, body weight 50‐100 kg and height 150‐180 cm, with a single pregnancy planned for cesarean section under elective conditions under spinal anesthesia, will be included in the study. Pregnant women with allergy or hypersensitivity to norepinephrine, pre‐existing hypertension or pregnancy‐induced hypertension, cardiovascular or cerebrovascular disease, renal failure, history of thrombosis in the mesenteric or peripheral vessels, history of diabetes with known fetal anomalies, users of monoaminooxidase inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants and those who refused to study were excluded. Pregnant women will be randomly divided into 4 groups using the closed envelope method. The person who prepares the study drugs and follows the study will be different and unaware of the study. Following standard aspiration prophylaxis and monitoring, peripheral vascular access will be established with an 18‐G catheter and 1 ml/kg/hour Ringer Lactate solution will be started. Basal systolic blood pressure will be determined by measuring heart rate values every 2 minutes and averaging the 3 values. Spinal anesthesia will be provided in the sitting position with a 25‐gauge Quinke spinal needle through the L3‐L4 or L4‐L5 spacing with 2‐2.2 ml of hyperbaric bupivacaine and 15 mcg of fentanyl. Immediately after spinal anesthesia, the pregnant woman will be placed in the supine position, with a pillow placed under the right hip (30 tilts to the left) and rapid coloading with 10 ml/kg Ringer Lactate at a maximum of 1 L with the help of a pump. Afterwards, the mai rate will be reduced to 1 ml/kg/hour again. For the study, norepinephrine will be prepared at 4 mcg/ml. In Group PB, an IV bolus of 4 mcg will be administered immediately after spinal anesthesia, and then SF infusion will be started at 1 ml/min. In Group PI, 1ml of saline is administered immediately after spinal anesthesia, and then infusion will be started with the study drugat 1 ml/min.(4mcg/min) In Group TB, immediately after spinal anesthesia, 1 ml of saline, followed by 1 ml/min infusion of SF, and when the blood pressure decreases by 20%, 1 ml of working solution and then 1 ml/min of saline infusion will be started. In Group TBI, 1 ml of study drug and 1 ml/min of study drug infusion will be started immediately after spinal anesthesia, after 1 ml of saline followed by 1 ml/min of SF infusion when blood pressure decreases by 20% of the entry. Heart rate and blood pressure and pulse oximetry will be recorded every 2 minutes from intrathecal drug administration until delivery. When systolic blood pressure drops more than 20% compared to baseline, it will be considered as hypotension and an additional 4 mcg (1 ml) norepinephrine will be administered in all groups, and if it continues in the next measurement, a second dose of 4 mcg norepinephrine will be administered. Hypotension that does not improve despite two measurements will be treated with an IV bolus of 10 mg of ephedrine. According to entry, 40% or more will be considered severe hypotension and treated with 15 mg of ephedrine. If the heart rate drops to 50 beats/minute, bradycardia will be considered and treated with 0.5 mg of atropine. Hypertension will be considered as a 20% increase in systolic blood pressure from baseline and treated with a 0.1 mg bolus of nitroglycerin iv. The study protocol will be terminated after the delivery of the fetus, but anesthetist bolus norepinephrine administration will be continued for the treatment of hypotension. The number of episodes of hypotension and hypertension, bradycardia, nausea, vomiting, tremor, sensory block level, Apgar score, umbilical artery and vein values, time from intrathecal injection to delivery, uterine incision delivery times will be recorded. RESOURCES Morgan GE, Mikhail MS, Murray MJ, Larson CP: Clinical Anesthesiology (LANGE), Güneş Bookstore, Third Edition, Ankara, 2004.P:260‐269. 2. Kayhan Z: Clinical Anesthesia. Logos Yay.Tic.A.Ş., Second Edition, Istanbul: 1997. P:482‐489. 3. Edirne S, Özyalçın SN, Raj PP, Heavner J, Aldemir T, Yücel A: Regional Anesthesia. Nobel Medicine Bookstores, Istanbul 2005. P:159‐184. 4. Kinsella S, Carvalho B, Dyer R, et al. International consensus statement on the management of hypotension with vasopressors during caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia. Anaesthesia 2018;73:71‐92. 5. Lee A, Ngan Kee WD, Gin T. A quantitative, systematic review of randomized controlled trials of ephedrine versus phenylephrine for the management of hypotension during spinal anesthesia for cesarean delivery. Anesth Analg 2002;94:920‐6. 6. Habib AS. A review of the impact of phenylephrine administration on maternal hemodynamics and maternal and neonatal outcomes in women undergoing cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia. Anesth Analg 2012;114:377‐90. 7. Chen D, Qi X, Huang X, et al. Efficacy and safety of different norepinephrine regimens for prevention of spinal hypotension in cesarean section: a randomized trial. Biomed Res Int 2018;2018:2708175. 8. Onwochei DN, Ngan Kee WD, Fung L, et al. Norepinephrine intermittent intravenous boluses to prevent hypotension during spinal anesthesia for cesarean delivery: a sequential allocation dose‐finding study. Anesth Analg 2017;125:212‐8. 9. Ngan Kee WD, Khaw KS, Tan PE, Ng FF, Karmakar MK. Placental transfer and fetal metabolic effects of phenylephrine and ephedrine during spinal anesthesia for cesarean delivery. Anesthesiology 2009;111:506‐12. 10. Ngan Kee WD, Khaw KS, Tan PE, Ng FF, Karmakar MK. Placental transfer and fetal metabolic effects of phenylephrine and ephedrine during spinal anesthesia for cesarean delivery. Anesthesiology 2009;111:506‐12. 11. Saravanan S, Kocarev M, Wilson RC, Watkins E, Columb MO, Lyons G. Equivalent dose of ephedrine and phenylephrine in the prevention of post‐spinal hypotension in Caesarean section. Br J Anaesth 2006;96:95‐9. 12. Cooper D.W. Caesarean delivery vasopressor management. Curr Opin Anaesthesiol 2012; 25:300‐8.
 Effects of acupressure in non-stress test;  INTERVENTION: Diagnosis Doing acupressure BL67 point in intervention group for 10 minutes Intervention 1: Touching BL67 point in the control group without applying acupressure during intervention time. Intervention 2: Doing acupressure BL67 point in intervention group for 10 minutes. Touching BL67 point in the control group without applying acupressure during intervention time. CONDITION: Fetal health. ; Maternal care for known or suspected fetal abnormality and damage Maternal care for known or suspected fetal abnormality and damage PRIMARY OUTCOME: Acceleration of fetal heart rate. Timepoint: ten min before intervention, 10 min during intervention and 10 min after intervention consistently. Method of measurement: Fetal Monitoring Device. Baseline fetal heart rate. Timepoint: ten min before intervention, 10 min during intervention and 10 min after intervention consistently. Method of measurement: Fetal Monitoring Device. Fetal movements. Timepoint: ten min before intervention, 10 min during intervention and 10 min after intervention consistently. Method of measurement: Fetal Monitoring Device. Long‐term variability of fetal heart rate. Timepoint: ten min before intervention, 10 min during intervention and 10 min after intervention consistently. Method of measurement: Fetal Monitoring Device. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria 1.Age range 18‐35 years 2.Body mass index( B.M.I) of 18‐25 3.Gestational age of 37‐41 weeks 4.Primiparous with single fetus 5.Base heartbeat of 110‐160 6.No mental disorders 7.No chronic diseases such as cardiac , pulmonic, renal, chronic hypertension, and diabetic 8.No intense exercise 2 hours before test 9.No smoking 10.At least 2 hours after nutrient consumption 11. No injuries and allergy in 5th toe Exclusion criteria 1. Any problems such as placental abruption, umbilical cord prolapse, etc. 2. Non‐intention to continue the study 3. Existence of contractions
 Comparison of "Constipation-Healing Abdominal Massager" in patients with chronic constipation with conventional vibrators;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: intervention group, members will be treated by massage with "Constipation‐Healing Abdominal Massager" in addition to osmotic laxative. Massage therapy is about 8 sessions in average every 3.5 days. Every session will take about 20 minutes.The GSRS ( gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled For every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in the 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage sessions and one month after the end of the massage. Intervention 2: intervention group, members will be treated by massage with conventional vibrators in addition to osmotic laxative. Massage therapy is about 8 sessions in average every 3.5 days. Every session will take about 20 minutes.The GSRS ( gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled For every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in the 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage sessions and one month after the end of the massage. Intervention 3: members of control group only will receive osmotic laxatives during this study and the GSRS (gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled for every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in 1st visit and then in 4th week and 8th week. intervention group, members will be treated by massage with "Constipation‐Healing Abdominal Massager" in addition to osmotic laxative. Massage therapy is about 8 sessions in average every 3.5 days. Every session will take about 20 minutes.The GSRS ( gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled For every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in the 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage sessions and one month after the end of the massage. intervention group, members will be treated by massage with conventional vibrators in addition to osmotic laxative. Massage therapy is about 8 sessions in average every 3.5 days. Every session will take about 20 minutes.The GSRS ( gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled For every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in the 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage sessions and one month after the end of the massage. members of control group only will receive osmotic laxatives during this study and the GSRS (gasterointestinal symptoms rating scale) questionnaire will be filled for every patient to follow their symptoms improvement in 1st visit and then in 4th week and 8th week. Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: chronic constipation. ; Disease of digestive system, unspecified Disease of digestive system, unspecified PRIMARY OUTCOME: Constipation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: GSRS questionnaire ( before, during and after of the massage session ). INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Constipation in accordance with RomeII criteria; constipation dependent on laxatives. Exclusion criteria: Known intestinal cancer; recently undergone abdominal surgery ( 6 month ago) ; pregnancy; dementia diagnosis; diabetes; hypothyroidism; cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease; major depression disorder; abdominal hernia; severe back pain. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Bloated Abdomen. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Diarrhea. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Gas Passage. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Hard stools defecation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Incompelete Defecation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Loose stools defecation. Timepoint: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session. Method of measurement: 1st and 4th and 8th visits during the massage session and a month after last session.
 The effect of iron and omega-3 on coronary heart disease;  INTERVENTION: Group df or intervention: Patients with iron deficiency anemia that is based on sharing random daily receive capsule supplement DHA‐containing (465 mg DHA + 63 mg EPA) + a tablet into sulfate containing 50 mg elemental iron for 12 weeks . Group or the control pf: People with iron‐deficiency anemia that is based on sharing a random day a number of placebo capsules containing 500 mg of corn oil + a tablet of sulfate contains 50 mg of elemental iron for 12 weeks to receive . Intervention 1: Group df or intervention: Patients with iron deficiency anemia that is based on sharing random daily receive capsule supplement DHA‐containing (465 mg DHA + 63 mg EPA) + a tablet into sulfate containing 50 mg elemental iron for 12 weeks . Intervention 2: Group or the control pf: People with iron‐deficiency anemia that is based on sharing a random day a number of placebo capsules containing 500 mg of corn oil + a tablet of sulfate contains 50 mg of elemental iron for 12 weeks to receive . Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Condition 1: Iron deficiency anaemia. Condition 2: Iron deficiency anaemia. ; Iron deficiency anaemia, unspecified ; Other iron deficiency anaemias Iron deficiency anaemia, unspecified Other iron deficiency anaemias PRIMARY OUTCOME: Fasting concentrations of serum HS‐CRP. Timepoint: before the experiment.12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Based on Mg / l immunohistochemical method Flumtryk. Fasting serum ApoB levels. Timepoint: before the experiment.12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Based on Mg / dl Turbydymtry method. Fasting serum concentrations of ApoA1. Timepoint: before the experiment.12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Based on Mg / dl Turbydymtry method. Fasting serum ferritin. Timepoint: before the experiment.12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: According ? g / l Lyazvn method. Fasting serum iron. Timepoint: before the experiment.12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: According ? g / dl spectrophotometry. Paraoxonase 1 activity. Timepoint: before the experiment.12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: By U / L spectrophotometry. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Age. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: In terms of the question. Betacarotene. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Body mass index. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Kg/m2 calculated based on the height and weight. Carbohydrate intake. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (g/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Copper. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Energy intake. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (kcal / day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Fat intake. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (g/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Fiber intake. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (g/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Iron. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Kind of fat. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Level of physical activity. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: In terms of intensity (light, medium and heavy) information through a questionnaire. Potassium. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Protein intake. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (g/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Selenium. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Sodium. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Vitamin A. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Vitamin C. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Vitamin E. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. Zinc. Timepoint: Before the experiment, 12 weeks after intervention. Method of measurement: Terms (mg/day) over a 24‐hour dietary questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Serum ferritin less than 12 ? g / l and serum iron of 60 mcg/100ml • Women in the range of 15 to 45 years of age • regular menstrual cycles • willingness to cooperate and fill the criteria of informed consent form to the project exclusion criteria: • smoking tobacco or alcohol • iron supplements, multivitamins and antioxidants in the last three months • the use of lipid‐lowering drugs, oral contraceptives • the use of oral contraceptives • parasitic infections (those who have been diagnosed positive stool test will be excluded.) • thalassemia disease • kidney disease, liver disease, diabetes • local or systemic infection or inflammatory disease • history of ulcer disease or gastrointestinal bleeding or fibroids •malabsorption such as celiac sprue or steatorrhea • Any type of blood transfusion in the last 2 months of • pregnancy or lactation • not wanting to continue working • inadequate compliance supplement (compliance less than 80%) • change
 The Effect of Ketamine on Interleukin-6 Synthesis in Hepatic Resections Requiring Temporary Porto-arterial Occlusion;  Introduction: Many complications in liver resection surgery, such as post‐operative hepatic insufficiency, sepsis, and multi‐organ liver failure, have been attributed to ischemia‐reperfusion injury and the release of pro‐inflammatory agents. Previous studies had shown that ketamine inhibited the synthesis of interleukin 6 (IL‐6) in some cardiac surgeries, and that IL‐6 levels had a direct correlation with mortality in critically ill patients. Goal: The purpose of our study was to determine the effect of ketamine on IL‐6 levels in patients undergoing liver resections with temporary porto‐arterial occlusion (Pringle maneuver). Material and Methods: Our prospective, controlled, randomized, and blinded study was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of the Hospital Italiano of Buenos Aires (CEPI). All procedures were carried out according to the Declaration of Helsinski. All patients voluntarily consented to the study and signed the appropriate informed consent approved by the CEPI. Inclusion criteria were age of 21 years or older and planned liver resection with Pringle maneuver lasting 30‐60 minutes. Those with chronic illness requiring corticosteroids, cirrhosis, hemodynamic instability prior to the surgery, diabetes, sepsis, surgical interventions or chemotherapy treatments within the past 30 days, pregnancy, illnesses that could potentially affect the hepatic circulation, arterial or ocular hypertension (contraindications for the use of ketamine), ketamine allergy, preoperative portal embolization / radiofrequency ablation, or requiring emergency surgeries were not considered. From March 2002 to June 2008, 44 consecutive patients agreed to participate and were enrolled in the study. Those who did not require the Pringle maneuver during the resection, who did not undergo the planned procedure, or whose hematocrit was less than 20% for over 30 minutes were excluded. Patients were assigned to one of two groups according to a computer generated randomization. The study group received ketamine 0.25 mg/kg, while the control group was administered an identical volume of saline. Syringes containing 10 ml of either ketamine or saline were delivered by the hospital pharmacy personnel to the corresponding anesthesiologist, who was blinded to their contents. In order to calculate the correct dose that was administered immediately after induction of anesthesia, the ketamine and placebo concentration was established at 10 mg/ml. Both anesthesia and surgical teams were the same in all cases. Members of both teams, as well as all personnel involved with blood collection remained blinded at all times. All patients were transported to the operating room with an intravenous line in place and premedicated with midazolam 0.04 mg/Kg. Once in the operating room, they received intravenous antibiotics, non‐invasive cardiac monitoring, blood pressure monitoring, and pulse oxymetry. Remifentanil 0.25 micrograms/kg/min was administered prior to induction with sodium thiopental 2‐2.5 mg/Kg. Vecuronium 0.1 mg/Kg was used for muscle relaxation. After waiting approximately 3 minutes, patients were intubated endotracheally and a nasogastric tube was placed. Remifentanil 0.5 micrograms/kg/min, ibuprofen 10 mg/Kg, and morphine 0.15 mg/kg were administered during the case. Anesthesia was maintained with Sevorane in the setting of an FiO2 of 0.70. Mechanical ventilation was adjusted to allow an EtCO2 of 25‐30 mmHg and a plateau pressure < 30 cmH2O. An arterial line was placed after induction of anesthesia to serve for invasive monitoring as well as for blood sampling. A central line was placed in the right internal jugular vein to monitor intra‐operative central venous pressure (CVP). All patients received body warmers and warmed fluids. We aimed for a CVP < 5 cm H2O at the time of resection to diminish bleeding. Intravenous fursemide at doses of 10‐20 mg as well as fluid restriction were employed when necessary in order to reach the desired value. Potassium levels were kept at or above 3.5 mmol/lt. Phenylephrine was used when necessary to maintain a median arterial pressure of at least 70 mmHg. Patients who underwent extensive resections were admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and maintained on mechanical ventilation for 6‐8 hours prior to extubation. In all other cases patients were extubated at the end of the procedure, observed in the post anesthesia care unit (PACU) for at least 8 hours, and subsequently transferred to the floor if hemodynamically stable. Pain management in patients extubated intraoperatively was with synthetic opioids (dextropropoxifen 1 mg/kg and dipyrone 2.5 mg. In cases of persistent pain (4 or more in a visual scale of 10), analgesia was supplemented with 2 mg of morphine every 20 minutes until relief of symptoms, somnolence, or a respiratory rate of 8 or less per minute was observed. Blood samples for IL‐6 levels were obtained prior to surgery upon placement of the first intravenous line, and at 4, 12, 24, 72 and 120 hours after the Pringle maneuver, on the postoperative period. In all cases peripheral venous blood was sampled at a site where no contamination with any of the infused fluids could occur. Immediately after obtaining the sample, the blood was centrifuged, the plasma isolated, and frozen to ‐70 degrees centigrade. In all cases, two plasma tubes of each sample were individually labeled and stored. IL 6 was quantified by means of the IL 6 EASIA (BIOSOURCE, Europe Belgium) based on oligoclonal antibodies coupled with monoclonal antibodies to various IL 6 epitopes. This method showed sensitivity for both low and standard IL 6 ranges. The results expressed in our manuscript represent the mean of both samples obtained for each time point of the study. Statistical analysis Based on previous studies that reported a > 100 picograms/mL difference among both groups with a SD < 50 picograms/mL, we based our calculations on a predicted difference among both groups of 50 picograms/mL with a SD of 50 picograms/mL (17). Based on the fact that since sixteen patients in each group would allow rejection of the null hypothesis with an 80% confidence in the setting of a difference >50 picograms/mL among both groups, a total of 36 patients were randomized. P<0.05 was considered significant.
 The Use of Ceftaroline as Surgical Prophylaxis in Surgery With Risk of MRSA Infection;  The study is a randomized double‐blinded study comparing ceftaroline to standard of care therapy with cefazolin and vancomycin as surgical prophylaxis for high risk orthopedic and cardiac surgeries. Study participants will be enrolled from those undergoing cardiothoracic surgery involving sternotomy and those undergoing prosthetic joint replacement of either hip or knee. Consenting patients will be randomized 2:1 to receive either ceftaroline or cefazolin/vancomycin. This study will be blinded by the use of placebo vancomycin infusions and placebo cephalosporin infusions. Study participants will be enrolled from 2 populations of patients; those undergoing cardiothoracic surgery with sternotomy and those undergoing prosthetic joint replacement of either hip or knee. Subjects will be identified by the primary surgical service. Adult subjects 18 years and older will be notified of the study and if agreeable will be interviewed by a study coordinator who will explain the study and study procedures and determine eligibility. Informed consent will be obtained from potential participants. Enrollment and consent may be obtained up to seven days prior to surgery. Consented participants will have a detailed history performed with particular reference to prior surgical infections, risk factors such as diabetes, smoking, prior skin infections and obesity. Participants will undergo a physical examination. Patients will be assessed for nares colonization with methicillin‐resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) as per the primary surgeon's standard procedure. Patients identified as positive for MRSA colonization will be decolonized with mupirocin. Female participants will have a serum beta‐human chorionic gonadotrophin (HCG) assay performed to exclude pregnancy. Consented participants will be randomized 2:1 to receive either ceftaroline or cefazolin/vancomycin, the current regimen for high risk individuals. Randomization will be performed by a blinded individual using a randomization program. Within each group, participants will be allocated in the 2:1 ratio. On the day of surgery, all patients will be evaluated for changes in medical history, vital signs recorded and bilateral nares swabs obtained for Staphylococcal screening for both MRSA and methicillin‐sensitive Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA) carriage. All patients will receive pre‐operative toweling of the operative site with chlorhexidine, and a surgical skin preparation of chlorhexidine/alcohol (Duraprep). Patients will be redosed with antibiotics between 1.5 to 2 half‐lives (cefazolin or ceftaroline at 4hrs hours post skin incision and vancomycin/placebo 1 at 12 hrs) in prolonged procedures. One post‐operative dose of of cefazolin/ceftraroline will be given in the recovery room 4 hours after skin incision for those patients who were not redosed during the procedure for orthopedic procedures and 2 doses will be administered for cardiothoracic procedures. Pharmacokinetic substudy: Patients will undergo a wound inspection by study personnel prior to discharge from hospital. Microbiological cultures will be obtained from all surgical site infections. All isolates will be reported out. Patients will be interviewed and examined at day 30 for the presence of evidence of surgical site infection at any operative site. Subjects will be questioned with regard to the presence of fever, redness or drainage or other manifestations of infection. Physical examination findings by the surgical team at prior post‐operative visits will be reviewed and correlated with the data obtained from the subject. The primary end point will be the development of a surgical site infection within 30 days of surgery. Consented participants will receive two blinded infusions. Study infusions will be prepared by an unblinded pharmacist to match the active medications. Placebo and study medication will be matched in volume and appearance. Dosing of vancomycin and cefazolin will be weight based up to 120 kg at 15 mg/kg and 25 mg/kg respectively. ceftaroline will be administered at a dose of 600 mg in individuals with estimated creatinine clearance of greater than 50 ml/min and 400 mg for those with creatinine clearance rates of 30‐50 ml/min. Vancomycin or placebo1 will be started 120 minutes prior to incision and completed within 60 minutes prior to surgery. The cefazolin or ceftaroline will be started 60 minutes before surgery and completed 30 minutes prior to incision. Each participant will thus receive 2 infusions at T‐120 and T‐60 minutes from time of skin incision. Because of the variation in the pharmacokinetics previously identified for patients undergoing extracorporeal circulation, we will perform a pharmacokinetic analysis on a subset of 50 patients in the cardiac surgery arm of the study to allow data on at least 30 patient receiving ceftaroline. Plasma samples will be collected at the start of infusion (time = 0, Sample #1), end of infusion (time = 30 minutes, Sample #2), 15 minutes post infusion (Sample #3), at the time of skin incision (Sample #4) at commencement of cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) (Sample # 5), at completion of CPB (Sample # 6) and at the time of skin closure (Sample #7). Samples will be analyzed by high pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) to determine ceftaroline levels using known plasma standards with appropriate quality controls. 30 day surgical site infection rates at either the primary surgical site or any remote surgical site (e.g. vein donor site for CABG procedures) will be used as the principal outcome measure. Surgical site infections will be characterized as superficial (above the fascia) or complex (deep (extending below the fascia) and organ involving), Secondary endpoints recorded will include (i) other infections, viz. pulmonary, UTI, line related); (ii) Drug related, viz., rash, itching; and (iii) nausea, vomiting and (iiii) return to OR.
 Comparison of the effect of phenytoin Cream and Honey Cream on episiotomy pain and healing of episiotomy;  INTERVENTION: Control group: Placebo, the cream base color and odor as similar to the intervention group. Once a day. Mothers were asked the night before sleep, after washing and drying the perineal area once a phalanx of ointment on the affected area is sutured So that it covers the particularity and after 1‐2 minutes and do a clean pad and every 24 hours until the tenth day after delivery. Intervention 1: Intervention group: phenytoin sodium, 1% Topical Cream, Once a day. Mothers were asked the night before sleep, after washing and drying the perineal area once a phalanx of ointment on the affected area is sutured So that it covers the particularity and after 1‐2 minutes and do a clean pad and every 24 hours until the tenth day after delivery. Intervention 2: Intervention group: Honey cream, 30%. Once a day. Mothers were asked the night before sleep, after washing and drying the perineal area once a phalanx of ointment on the affected area is sutured So that it covers the particularity and after 1‐2 minutes and do a clean pad and every 24 hours until the tenth day after delivery. Intervention 3: Control group: Placebo, the cream base color and odor as similar to the intervention group. Once a day. Mothers were asked the night before sleep, after washing and drying the perineal area once a phalanx of ointment on the affected area is sutured So that it covers the particularity and after 1‐2 minutes and do a clean pad and every 24 hours until the tenth day after delivery. Intervention group: Honey cream, 30%. Once a day. Mothers were asked the night before sleep, after washing and drying the perineal area once a phalanx of ointment on the affected area is sutured So that it covers the particularity and after 1‐2 minutes and do a clean pad and every 24 hours until the tenth day after delivery. Intervention group: phenytoin sodium, 1% Topical Cream, Once a day. Mothers were asked the night before sleep, after washing and drying the perineal area once a phalanx of ointment on the affected area is sutured So that it covers the particularity and after 1‐2 minutes and do a clean pad and every 24 hours until the tenth day after delivery Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Episiotomy pain and wound healing. ; Second degree perineal laceration during delivery Second degree perineal laceration during delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Episiotomy wound healing. Timepoint: First 24 hours after delivery (baseline value) ‐ Seven days after the intervention ‐ fourteen days after the intervention. Method of measurement: Control by improving the perineum (the scale Reeda). Pain Intensity. Timepoint: First 24 hours after delivery (baseline value) ‐ Seven days after the intervention ‐ fourteen days after the intervention. Method of measurement: Pain ruler. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: SECONDARY OUTCOME: Discharge from the wound. Timepoint: First 24 hours after childbirth, the postpartum seventh day, the fourteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Dryness. Timepoint: First 24 hours after childbirth, the postpartum seventh day, the fourteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Fever and chills. Timepoint: First 24 hours after childbirth, the postpartum seventh day, the fourteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Irritation. Timepoint: First 24 hours after childbirth, the postpartum seventh day, the fourteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Itching. Timepoint: First 24 hours after childbirth, the postpartum seventh day, the fourteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Stiffness. Timepoint: First 24 hours after childbirth, the postpartum seventh day, the fourteenth day after delivery. Method of measurement: Questionnaire. Term and Nulliparous Pregnancy; A literate, between 18‐35 of age; race Persia; Living in Kashan; a live singleton fetus with cephalic presentation; birth weight between 2500‐4000 grams; BMI In the range of 19.8 to 30; The lack of effect on wound healing drugs (anticoagulants, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, alcohol, glucocorticoids, suppression of the immune system, antibiotics and chemotherapy); narcotics and psychotropic drugs; Disturbing lack of healing diseases (chronic, systemic, cardiac, renal, pulmonary, coagulation disorders, immune deficiency, connective tissue disorders, diabetes, anemia, psychiatric disease, hemophilia, depression, malnutrition) and no history of injury, or previous surgery of lesions visible in the perineum (genital warts, hemorrhoids), persistent constipation; Lack PROM more than 18 hours; lack a history of reactions to local anesthetics or lidocaine; absence of bleeding after childbirth; lack of manual rem
 Comparison of Amitriptyline to Lifestyle Modification as Intervention for Vestibular Migraine;  1.0 Background Vestibular migraine (VM) is one of the most common causes of vertigo attacks, affecting 1 ‐ 5% of people. People with vestibular migraine have lower quality of life compared to others and some may experience completely debilitating symptoms. Symptoms include vertigo, nausea, head motion‐induced dizziness, unsteadiness, balance problems, and lightheadedness. Most reports of vestibular migraine management have focused on treatment with medications; however, the investigators have shown that intervention with lifestyle modification is also effective. 1.1 Lifestyle Modification for Vestibular Migraine Our lifestyle modification intervention focuses on improving four factors: avoidance of dietary triggers, regulated mealtimes, restful sleep, and exercise. By controlling these factors that are often exacerbating for patients with VM, the investigators decrease the symptoms of dizziness and headache. In our studies, the investigators measure outcomes with two validated instruments, the dizziness handicap inventory (DHI) and the headache disability index (HDI). Using this approach, the investigators have found significant improvement within two weeks of starting the lifestyle modification intervention. Further, the investigators have seen that 44.7 ‐ 59% of participants experienced significant improvement in dizziness within 30 days while 13.2 ‐ 18.5% of patients experienced significant improvement in headache. The investigators have shown that 39% of participants experience significant reduction in dizziness and 18% in headache at 105 days of lifestyle modification intervention (Roberts et al, 2021). The investigators have even seen that 25% of participants continue to have significant benefit of lifestyle modification on dizziness at 371 days. Only 2.6 ‐ 3.6 % of patients report worsened dizziness and no one has reported worse headache. The investigators were also able to determine that restful sleep was the modifiable factor most important for improvement when participant group data is evaluated. This lifestyle modification intervention appears effective and safe with long‐term outcomes better than reported for oral preventive migraine medication which has adherence rates around 25% at six months and 14% at one year. 1.2 Amitriptyline for Vestibular Migraine Amitriptyline is a medication that is mentioned often as a preventive treatment for VM. This medication is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) that blocks the reuptake of both serotonin and norepinephrine neurotransmitters. This medication is considered more sedating and has greater anticholinergic properties than other TCAs. For depression, therapeutic action begins in 2 ‐ 4 weeks. In a retrospective study, Salmito et al. (2017) reported significant improvement in vestibular symptoms and headache for 13 patients treated with amitriptyline 25 mg measured at three months. The authors also included lifestyle modification so this is not solely a medication mediated effect. Domínguez‐Durán et al. (2020) used 10 mg of amitriptyline daily, one hour before sleeping, in 18 of their patients with VM. Two participants stopped or did not take the medication as directed. The authors reported significant improvement in dizziness and headache at the five‐week follow‐up appointment. 12 of the patients reported xerostomia and 11 daytime somnolence as side effects. Neither Salmito et al. nor Domínguez‐Durán et al. used the DHI or HDI to measure outcome, making it more challenging to compare across studies. There are some known contraindications to use of amitriptyline including: history of significant mental health problems, pregnancy, cardiac, liver or renal co‐morbidities as well as diabetes and glaucoma. Amitriptyline has also been shown to increase seizure activity in patients with epilepsy. 1.3 Randomized Controlled Trials Although VM is among the most common causes of dizziness and is the most common cause of episodic vertigo, the majority of studies investigation outcomes efficacy are observational in design. These studies typically show improvement for the intervention, but the inherent bias in that type of investigation is reduced with the use of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The process of randomizing allocation of a participant to an intervention arm should balance observed and unobserved participant characteristics between groups and allow attribution of any differences in outcome to the study intervention. Although there are approximately five RCTs comparing various pharmacologic interventions for VM, there are none including amitriptyline and there are none using lifestyle modification without pharmacologic intervention. 2.0 Rationale and Specific Aims There is evidence that amitriptyline in isolation and also our lifestyle modification intervention in isolation can both help reduce symptoms of dizziness and headache in patients with VM. However, these data are observational and subject to various types of bias. The purpose of the current investigation is to determine outcomes from each intervention using randomized allocation of participants diagnosed with definite VM into either the amitriptyline arm or the lifestyle modification arm. The investigators will measure for change in dizziness using the DHI and for change in headache using the HDI. For participants in the lifestyle modification arm, the investigators will also measure for change in lifestyle factor to determine improvement on those intervention factors. Measures will be obtained pre‐intervention to establish baseline, at 30 days, at 60 days, and at 90 days. The investigators will also re‐survey participants one year after initiation of intervention to determine adherence and status. The investigators hypothesize that amitriptyline and lifestyle modification intervention will improve symptoms of dizziness and headache similarly in patients with vestibular migraine measured at 60 days, but that the improvement will occur sooner (30 days) for participants in the lifestyle modification arm. Further, the investigators hypothesize there will be fewer reported side effects from participants in the lifestyle modification arm compared to participants in the amitriptyline arm. Although VM is now recognized as a common cause of vertigo, there are few RCTs comparing efficacy of interventions and there are none comparing lifestyle modification to amitriptyline. Therefore, the results of the proposed investigation are intended to fill a critical void in our understanding of management of one of the most common causes of dizziness.
 Microbiome-Tailored Food Products Based On Typical Mediterranean Diet Components;  The composition and functions of the microbiome impact human metabolism and health status. Dietary habits play a fundamental role in shaping the structure of the gut microbiome, modulating the interactions between the gut microbiome and the human host. Western dietary patterns, including a high consumption of red and processed meat, refined grains and sugars, and dairy products, have been associated with a high incidence of chronic diseases. It is widely recognised that there is a higher consumption of plant‐based foods in Mediterranean countries than in other Western countries. The Mediterranean diet involves a high intake of fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, minimally processed cereals, moderate consumption of fish and a low consumption of saturated fats, meat and dairy products with regular intake of extra virgin olive oil. The Mediterranean diet (MD) reduces the incidence of cardiovascular, metabolic and neurodegenerative diseases. Interesting results emerged from the evaluation of the microbiome‐metabolome interaction, which shows that individuals with the highest adherence to the Mediterranean diet had much higher levels of short‐chain fatty acids (SCFAs) and increased levels of the beneficial fiber‐degrading bacteria compared to subjects with low adherence to the Mediterranean diet. The study of the effect on the microbiota of specific foods with anti‐inflammatory/antioxidant properties is interesting and of potential clinical impact. Extent and evaluation of current knowledge directly linked to the scientific question(s) to be answered by the clinical study: The Mediterranean diet exerts beneficial effects on health status. Evidence has shown that the two mechanisms by which consuming a Mediterranean diet patterns may contribute to improved metabolic health are modulation of the gastrointestinal microbiota and reduction of metabolic endotoxemia. Outcomes (efficacy, safety) of completed and number of ongoing clinical studies utilising the same intervention in the same indication: The available evidence focuses on a broader concept of food and nutrient consumption, which do not consider that the beneficial effect of the Mediterranean Diet might due to the synergic and interactive combinations of nutrients, rather than to isolated nutrients. Level of evidence related to the mechanism of action of the intervention in the planned clinical study population: Although several studies have shown the effects of Mediterranean dietary pattern on health status by modulating intestinal microbiota, a comprehensive evaluation of the synergetic and combined effects of selected dietary pattern on metabolic patterns as well as on the intestinal microbiota and its metabolites is still not totally clarified and recognized. Objective(s) of the clinical study: ‐ Primary objective: to explore the effect of a "SuperFood" based on Mediterranean diet components (e.g. dietary fibre, polyphenols, flavonoids and glucosinolates) on the structure and functions of the gut microbiome (bacteria, fungi and viruses) and on the metabolome in subjects with low adherence to Mediterranean Diet. ‐ Secondary objectives: to explore the effect of a "SuperFood" based on Mediterranean diet components (e.g. dietary fibre, polyphenols, flavonoids and glucosinolates) on the metabolic, inflammatory, and oxidative status, and to define taxonomic and metabolic differences. Characteristics of the study population (size, age group, sex distribution, inclusion and exclusion criteria; all items with justification!): Upon signing of the informed consent, 40 healthy volunteers (20 subjects in placebo group and 20 subjects in SuperFood treatment group, comparable sex ratio) with BMI<30 kg/m2 and with low adherence to Mediterranean diet will be enrolled. Inclusion Criteria: ‐ Subjects able to sign the Informed Consent ‐ Age 30‐60 years; ‐ BMI 25‐29.9 kg/m2 ‐ Low adherence to the Mediterranean diet (adherence score between 0‐5) Exclusion Criteria: ‐ Subjects not able to provide informed consent ‐ obesity (BMI> 30 kg /m2), diabetes, altered thyroid function, food allergies, intestinal disease, liver, kidney, or other organ/apparatus pathologies, regular use of drugs or food supplements, consumption of antibiotics in the 3 months prior to the experiment or need for a specific diet, pregnancy /lactation. ‐ SARS‐CoV‐2 infection Details on sample size and power calculation: The investigatres considered that a sample of 120 healthy subjects gives sufficient power to detect significant differences regarding certain bacterial strains and metabolites following the consumption of Mediterranean diet components, considering that during the intervention there could be a drop‐out rate of 20%. Design of the clinical study (controlled / uncontrolled; randomised; open / blinded; parallel group / cross over / other; please justify the appropriateness of the selected design) A blinded‐ and placebo‐controlled randomized clinical study of 8 weeks evaluating the possible beneficial effects of a well‐selected Mediterranean diet components. Subjects will be randomly assigned to a SuperFood or placebo (blinded) treatment in a 1:1 ratio. Type of intervention: The intervention consists of consumption of SuperFood" based on Mediterranean diet components (e.g., dietary fibre, polyphenols, flavonoids and glucosinolates).
 A comparative study between Zitux (Rituximab manufactured by AryoGen) and Mabthera on patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL);  INTERVENTION: control group: combination therapy with (Fludarabine, Cyclophosphamide, Reditux) for 4 cycle with 28 days intervals as below: first treatment cycle: Reditux: 375 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day second to forth treatment cycles: Zitux: 500 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in first to third day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in first to third day Intervention 1: intervention group: combination therapy with (Fludarabine, Cyclophosphamide, Zitux) for 4 cycle with 28 days intervals as below: first treatment cycle: Zitux: 375 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day second to forth treatment cycles: Zitux: 500 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in first to third day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in first to third day. Intervention 2: control group: combination therapy with (Fludarabine, Cyclophosphamide, Reditux) for 4 cycle with 28 days intervals as below: first treatment cycle: Reditux: 375 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day second to forth treatment cycles: Zitux: 500 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in first to third day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in first to third day. intervention group: combination therapy with (Fludarabine, Cyclophosphamide, Zitux) for 4 cycle with 28 days intervals as below: first treatment cycle: Zitux: 375 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in second to forth day second to forth treatment cycles: Zitux: 500 mg/m2 IV in first day Fludarabine: 25 mg/m2 IV in first to third day Cyclophosphamide: 250 mg/m2 IV in first to third day Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia of B‐cell type chronic lymphocytic lukemia. ; Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia of B‐cell type PRIMARY OUTCOME: Overall response rate according to national cancer institute response to treatment criteria. Timepoint: 2 and 4 months after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam and laboratoty results according to national cancer institute response to treatment criteria. exclusion criteria: Bil>2 mg/dl; Cr> 2 mg/dl; Alk‐p> 2 times of upper limit normal; Trans aminase > 2 times of SECONDARY OUTCOME: CD20 reduction rate. Timepoint: monthly after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: flucytometery. Complete response rate according to flucytometery. Timepoint: monthly after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: flucytometery. Complete response rate. Timepoint: 2 and 4 months after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam and laboratoty results according to national cancer institute response to treatment criteria. Partial response rate. Timepoint: 2 and 4 months after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam and laboratoty results according to national cancer institute response to treatment criteria. Progressive disease rate. Timepoint: 2 and 4 months after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam and laboratoty results according to national cancer institute response to treatment criteria. Side effect rate, cardiovascular. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam. Side effect rate, digestive. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam. Side effect rate, fever. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam. Side effect rate, hematologic. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: laboratoty results. Side effect rate, metabolic. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam and laboratoty results. Side effect rate, Musculoskeletal. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam. Side effect rate, respiratory. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam. Side effect rate, skin. Timepoint: monthly during 4 months of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam. Stable disease rate. Timepoint: 2 and 4 months after beginning of treatment. Method of measurement: physical exam and laboratoty results according to national cancer institute response to treatment criteria. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia according to national cancer institute diagnostic criteria for CLL who hasn't been treated already or is new case of CLL or relapsed/refractory CLL with indication for treatment; Age between 18 to 75; Binet stage disease B,C; ECOG performance status: 0 to 1; CD20 positive; patient has indication for treatment in the beginning of study; written informed consent form. exclusion criteria: Bil>2 mg/dl; Cr> 2 mg/dl; Alk‐p> 2 times of upper limit normal; Trans aminase > 2 times of upper limit normal; Coexistence of serious active infection or underlying disorder( Hepatitis B,C, HIV positive, cardiopulmonary disease, recent MI, uncontrolled diabetes or HTN, seizure); HBSAg or HBCAb positive; other cancer treatments in the last 5 years; severe autoimmune hemolytic anemia, pregnancy or breast feeding
 Common Limb Length in One-anastomosis Gastric Bypass;  The present study is a prospective, randomized comparative clinical trial involving 60 patients (due to limited flow rate and high expenses [14]) who will be subjected to laparoscopic single anastomosis gastric bypass at the department of surgery, Mansoura university, Mansoura, Egypt at the period from May 2016 to May 2019. Patients will be randomly allocated into 2 groups with 30 patients undergoing LSAGB with measuring two meters from the duodenojejunal junction, and the other 30 undergoing LSAGB with measuring three meters from the ileocecal valve. Informed consent will be obtained from all patients participating in the study after explaining the patients about the benefits and the potential risks involved. Inclusion criteria: 1. Morbid obesity with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2 or BMI ≥ 35 kg/m2 associated with one or more co‐morbidities (type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, sleep apnea, dyslipidemia, arthritis). 2. Age between 18 and 60 years old. Exclusion criteria: 1. Pregnancy or desire to be pregnant during the study. 2. Abnormal findings on upper GI endoscopy. 3. Presence of chronic diarrhea (≥ 3 liquid or loose stools per day, over a period of more than 4 weeks). 4. Obesity due to organic disease e.g, cushing disease and hypothyroidism. 5. Previous bariatric surgery. 6. Coexisting severe hepatic, pulmonary, renal, cardiovascular, neurological and psychiatric diseases. Subjects and preoperative evaluation: Preoperative evaluation including ‐ Clinical history. ‐ Thorough Physical examination. ‐ BMI is calculated as weight in kilogram divided by height in metre2. ‐ Routine laboratory tests and urinalysis. Throid function and serum cortisol done to rule out organic illness. ‐ Fasting blood sugar, HbA1c and lipid profile. ‐ ABG and pulmonary function routinely done for all patients preoperative. ‐ Fecal fat excretions done to follow up incidence of steatorrhea. ‐ Imaging studies (chest radiograph and ultrasound abdomen). ‐ Routine upper GI endoscopy will be done preoperative. Outcomes: The primary outcome measures excess weight loss % one and 2 years after surgery. Secondary outcomes measures: ‐ Weight loss according to the absolute weight loss (time frame: 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months after surgery). ‐ Waist size reduction according to the absolute waist size (time frame: 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months after surgery). ‐ Medical and surgical complication (anastomotic leaks, biliary reflux, bowel obstruction, anastomotic ulcers, anastomotic stenosis, chronic gastritis, esophagitis, iron deficiency anemia) followed at 1, 12 and 24 months after surgery. Early complications are detected during the 1st month following surgery while late complications defined from 1 to 24 months after surgery. ‐ Improvement in glycemic parameters (HbA1C, Fasting blood sugar, Post lunch blood sugar). ‐ Remission of hypertension and lipid profile changes. ‐ Patient's quality of life 6, 12, 24 months after surgery (according to the Bariatric Analysis and Reporting Outcome System questionnaire "BAROS"). ‐ Frequency of diarrhea based on the gastrointestinal quality of life index (GIQLI) questionnaire. ‐ Rate of revision due to intolerable complications, or due to insufficient weight loss. The outcomes will be planned to be monitored and analyzed at 3 months interval for 24 months. Prevention of surgical site infection and perioperative antiplatelet drug administration will be managed according to validated criteria [15, 16]. Surgical technique: Postoperative care: Patients are placed in the reverse Trendelenburg position with legs spread. The surgeon stands between patient's legs. The monitor is at the head of the operating‐table to the left side of the patient. We always use a 30_ optic and five trocars. The technique used for LSAGB has been described [16]. A 14‐16 cm long gastric tube is created using a 60 mm stapler starting on the lesser curvature at the crow's foot level. It is tailored following the edge of a 38F calibrating orogastric tube up to the angle of His. A loop gastroenterostomy is then created with the small bowel about 200 cm distal to the ligament of Treitz with the same stapler using a 60 mm blue cartridge for the first group and about 300cm proximal to the ileocecal valve for the second group. The gastrojejunal anastomosis is then closed with a double‐layer locking running 2‐0 suture. All patients are checked by an intraoperative methylene blue test at the end of the procedure. A drain tube is placed in all the patients. All the patients are monitored in the recovery room and transferred to the wards or to the intensive care unit when needed. Early postoperative ambulation is strongly encouraged with patients getting out of bed the evening of the surgery and walking by postoperative day 1. A clear liquid diet started on day 2, and advanced to pureed food 1 week later, and to solid food by the fourth postoperative week. At discharge the drain is removed and detailed dietary instructions provided to the patients. Patients are advised to take daily multivitamins and supplemental minerals, as well as proton pomp inhibitor (PPI) prophylaxis for 6 months. Follow‐up scheduled at 1, 3, 6, 12, and 24 months postoperatively, then twice a year. Statistical analysis will be performed using the SPSS 19 system (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, United States). Continuous data will be expressed as the mean ± SD, and categorical variables expressed as the percent changes. Statistical significance defined as P values < 0.05.
 The Effect of Fermented and Non-fermented Soy Based Food in Appetite and Satiety Biomarker Among Young Obesity;  1. Introduction Obesity is a complex metabolic condition thought to result from an imbalance in energy intake and energy expenditure that results in excess fat accumulation in various adipose tissues and organs. It has been proposed that managing the dietary composition may be an efficient way to reduce body weight. Ghrelin is a circulating orexigenic hormone involved in both short‐term food intake control at single meal. Protein has the most suppressive effect as opposed to other macronutrients on food intake. It has also been shown that dietary protein induces greater satiation and weight loss than carbohydrates. Postprandial ghrelin and insulin responses have been shown to be lower in high dietary protein Soybeans provide one of the most plentiful dietary protein sources for plants varies from 36% to 56%. Soy protein is a complete protein since it contains most of the important amino acids found in animal proteins. Limited evidence from soybean related satiety study suggests that tempeh may have an important role in obesity prevention and weight loss through satiating effects when replacing other protein foods in a mixed diet. Thus far, there have been only limited data regarding the satiety effects of dietary soy protein vs fermented soy protein on obesity in humans. The study aimed to examine the effect of anorexigenic hormone response and subjective satiety underfermented and isocaloric soy‐based protein diet 2. Methods and Matherials 2.1. Subjects The subjects were recruited from advertisement who were motivated enough to respond actively to the request for topics. We used the following exclusion criteria: 1) a clinically significant history of chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, dyslipidemia or hypertension; 2) use of a weight‐related medication/food; 3) heavy alcohol/drug consumption; and 4) pregnancy, breastfeeding, or intention to become pregnant during the time of the study. The subjects were divided into the TD, which were given tempeh, and SD, which were given soy, groups, to receive the meal than a crossover. All subjects signed a written consent form before participating in the studies, which were approved by Kariadi Hospital‐Medical Faculty of Diponegoro University. 2.2. Preparation of Meal Diets The ingredient contents of the tempeh steak and soybean steak are listed. Tempeh Steak including : Tempeh 100g, 50g potato, 50g carrot and 50g green peas. Soybean Steak : Soybean 100g, 50g potato, 50g carrot, 50g green peas. The energy content of both are 307.4 Calorie (21.7g Protein, 8g Fat, 42.3g Carbohydrate, 4.5g fiber) 2.3. Anthropometric measurement Body weight, height, and body fat mass, lean mass, andfat‐freemass were collected by a bioelectric impedance analyzer (SECA). BMI was calculated as body weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared (kg/m2). Waist Circumference (WC) was measured with ainelastic measuring tape aroundthe mid‐section between the margin of the last rib and the iliac crest. 2.4. Biochemical analysis Blood samples were collected from subjects'forearms. Venous blood specimens were collected in EDTA‐treated and plain tubes after a 12‐h fast. Blood samples were collected at 0 (fasting), 60, and 180mins. One tube containing EDTA was collected for acyl ghrelin analyses and plain tube collected for arginine, glucose, and insulin analyses. The tubes were centrifuged at 3000 × g for 10 minutesat 4°C, separated into plasma or serum, and stored at ‐80°C untilanalysis. Serum concentrations of acyl ghrelin, insulin and arginine were measured using an enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) 2.5. Scoring of subjective satiety usingvisual analogue scales (VAS) Visual Analogue Scales Food intake motivation was assessed with 100 mm line. Participants completed VAS to measure hunger/fullness at the same time points that blood samples were taken throughout the study protocol (ie. 0, 30, 180 minutes). The VAS questionnaire provides a subjective assessment of appetite‐related sensations over time and allows the relationship between biochemical and dietary intake data to be explored. Visual analogue scales have been found to be a reliable and valid method to assess subjective states related to food intake behavior. On each of the test days, participants were asked to rate the following components relating to hunger and satiety using various questions, scored using the VAS instrument: (1) Hunger: how hungry do you feel at this moment? (VAS1) (2) The desire to eat: how strong is your desire to eat at this moment? (VAS5‐ VAS8); (3) Fullness: how full does your stomach feel at this moment? (VAS2, VAS3); (4) Motivation to eat: how much food do you think you could eat at this moment? (VAS4) 2.6 Statistical Analysis Data were analyzed IBM SPSS. Variable not normally distributed were nonparametric test. Wann whitney U test was used to test for difference all parameter at baseline. We compared change in variable (baseline, 30, 180 minutes) in each sub group using pair t=test or wilcoxon signed rank test to determine the impact of differential change. To test for change in parameters between two group used kruskal wallis.
 Effects of administration of CoQ10 alone or combined with Vitamin E in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome;  INTERVENTION: Co‐administration of coQ10 (200 mg/day) and Vitamin E (400 IU/day). The dose of coQ10 supplement is 100 mg and patients will consume twice a day. The dose of vitamin E is 400 IU and patients will consume once a day. Supplements will be produced by Nature plus , USA. CoQ10 (200 mg/day) and vitamin E placebo. The dose of coq10 supplements is 100 mg/day and patients will consume twice a day. Placebo will be produced as soft gel, without effective material. The placebo is filled with edible paraffin wax and will be exactly similar to supplements. Supplements will be produced by Nature plus , USA and placebos will be produced by Barij Essence Pharmaceutical Company. CoQ10 placebo and vitamin E (400IU/day). The dose of vitamin E supplement is 400 IU/day and patients will consume once a day. The placebo is filled with edible paraffin wax and exactly similar to supplements. Supplements will be produced by Nature plus , USA and placebos will be produced by Barij Essence Pharmaceutical Company. Intervention 1: CoQ10 (200 mg/day) and vitamin E placebo. The dose of coq10 supplements is 100 mg/day and patients will consume twice a day. Placebo will be produced as soft gel, without effective material. The placebo is filled with edible paraffin wax and will be exactly similar to supplements. Supplements will be produced by Nature plus , USA and placebos will be produced by Barij Essence Pharmaceutical Company. Intervention 2: CoQ10 placebo and vitamin E (400IU/day). The dose of vitamin E supplement is 400 IU/day and patients will consume once a day. The placebo is filled with edible paraffin wax and exactly similar to supplements. Supplements will be produced by Nature plus , USA and placebos will be produced by Barij Essence Pharmaceutical Company. Intervention 3: Co‐administration of coQ10 (200 mg/day) and Vitamin E (400 IU/day). The dose of coQ10 supplement is 100 mg and patients will consume twice a day. The dose of vitamin E is 400 IU and patients will consume once a day. Supplements will be produced by Nature plus , USA. Intervention 4: Vitamin E and CoQ10 placebo. Placebo will be produced as soft gel, without effective material. The placebo is filled with edible paraffin wax and is made exactly similar to supplements. The placebo will be produced by Barij Essence Pharmaceutical Company. Placebo Vitamin E and CoQ10 placebo. Placebo will be produced as soft gel, without effective material. The placebo is filled with edible paraffin wax and is made exactly similar to supplements. The placebo will be produced by Barij Essence Pharmaceutical Company. CONDITION: Polycystic ovarian syndrome polycystic ovary syndrome. ; Polycystic ovarian syndrome SECONDARY OUTCOME: Serum values of COQ10. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA kit. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Digital monometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: 20–40 year old females with PCOS, BMI in the range of 25‐35 kg/m2. Non INCLUSION CRITERIA: history of thyroid disorder; diabetes; cardiovascular; metabolic; renal; liver diseases; Cushing syndrome; smoking; alcohol consumption; adherence to a specific diet and consumption of any dietary supplements including antioxidants for 3 months prior to the study; hormone therapy; hyperprolactinemia; pregnancy; lactation; menopause. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Added at 2017‐04‐08: Body composition. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐04‐08: ?before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐04‐08: bioelectrical impedance analysis. Added at 2017‐04‐08: endothelial function markers. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐04‐08: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐04‐08: ELISA. Added at 2017‐04‐08: inflammatory markers. Timepoint: Added at 2017‐04‐08: before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Added at 2017‐04‐08: ELISA. Anthropometric indices. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Stadiometer, Scale, Tape. Blood levels of glucose. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Blood levels of HDL‐cholestrol. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Blood levels of insulin. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT. Blood levels of LDL‐cholestrol. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Blood levels of total cholestrol. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: Friedewald formula. Blood levels of triglycerides. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Enzymatic method. Dietary intakes. Timepoint: Before and after intervention. Method of measurement: 24 hr dietary recall questionnaire. Insulin resistance index. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: Formula. Serum levels of adipolin. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT. Serum levels of chemerin. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT. Serum levels of FSH hormone. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT. Serum levels of LH hormone. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT. Serum levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG). Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT. Serum levels of testostrone hormone. Timepoint: Before and after the intervention. Method of measurement: ELISA KIT.
 Effects of Escitalopram in treatment of patients with obsession;  INTERVENTION: Control group (group B) will receive Sertraline for 6 weeks. Sertraline tablets are 50mg tablets that are produced by Sobhandaroo pharmaceutical company. Making all tablets the same series.The initial dose for Sertraline is 50mg per day and will be increased till patients clinically response or side effects appear. Maximum dose for Sertraline is 200mg per day. Physical exam, clinical diagnosis and drug prescription will be done by psychiatrist, but evaluation of the signs and symptoms and side effects will be done by the assistant. Severity of the OCD signs and symptoms will be evaluate by Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y‐BOCS) at the beginning of the study and at the end of the 6th week of study. To evaluate the clinical response Clinical Global Impressions Improvement Scale (CGII) will be used at the end of the study, too. Y‐BOCS is a validated questionnaire that is widely used in clinical practice and research to assess the severity and to follow the improvement of clinical Intervention 1: Intervention group (group A) will receive Escitalopram for 6 weeks. Escitalopram tablets are 10mg tablets that are produced by Hakim pharmaceutical company. Making all tablets the same series.The initial dose for Escitalopram is 10mg per day and will be increased till patients clinically response or side effects appear. Maximum dose for Escitalopram is 20mg per day. Physical exam, clinical diagnosis and drug prescription will be done by psychiatrist, but evaluation of the signs and symptoms and side effects will be done by the assistant. Severity of the OCD signs and symptoms will be evaluated by Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y‐BOCS) at the beginning of the study and at the end of the 6th week of study. To evaluate the clinical response Clinical Global Impressions Improvement Scale (CGII) will be used at the end of the study, too. Y‐BOCS is a validated questionnaire that is widely used in clinical practice and research to assess the severity and to follow the improvement of clinical features. Y‐BOCS consists of 10 items and each item is scored from 0 to 4. The questionnaire includes how much time does the patient spend on obsession, the problems that they have in their life as a result of OCD, how much control does the patient have on the obsessional thoughts and etc. CGI is a quantitative questionnaire, that consists of 2 scales, one for severity and the other for improvement of the disorder. Each scale is scored ranging from 0 to 7. In this study just improvement scale will be used at the end of the study. This test is widely used in the clinic for different anxiety disorders. Intervention 2: Control group (group B) will receive Sertraline for 6 weeks. Sertraline tablets are 50mg tablets that are produced by Sobhandaroo pharmaceutical company. Making all tablets the same series.The initial dose for Sertraline is 50mg per day and will be increased till patients clinically response or side effects appear. Maximum dose for Sertraline is 200m Intervention group (group A) will receive Escitalopram for 6 weeks. Escitalopram tablets are 10mg tablets that are produced by Hakim pharmaceutical company. Making all tablets the same series.The initial dose for Escitalopram is 10mg per day and will be increased till patients clinically response or side effects appear. Maximum dose for Escitalopram is 20mg per day. Physical exam, clinical diagnosis and drug prescription will be done by psychiatrist, but evaluation of the signs and symptoms and side effects will be done by the assistant. Severity of the OCD signs and symptoms will be evaluated by Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y‐BOCS) at the beginning of the study and at the end of the 6th week of study. To evaluate the clinical response Clinical Global Impressions Improvement Scale (CGII) will be used at the end of the study, too. Y‐BOCS is a validated questionnaire that is widely used in clinical practice and research to assess the severity and to follow the improvement of cl Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: obsessive compulsive disorder. ; The essential feature is recurrent obsessional thoughts or compulsive acts. Obsessional thoughts are ideas, images, or impulses that enter the patient's mind again and again in a stereotyped form. They are almost invariably distressing and the patient oft The essential feature is recurrent obsessional thoughts or compulsive acts. Obsessional thoughts are ideas, images, or impulses that enter the patient's mind again and again in a stereotyped form. They are almost invariably distressing and the patient oft PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of signs and symptoms of the patients with obcessive compulsive disorder. Timepoint: At the beginning of study and at the sixth week of study. Method of measurement: Y‐BOCS At the beginning of study and at the sixth week of study and CGI‐Improvement test at sixth week of study. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) that diagnosed with interview by psychiatrist according to DSM‐IV TR; Yale‐Brown‐obsessive‐compulsive scale equal or more than 18; Informed consent of patients. Exclusion criteria: Other psychiatric disorder diagnosis according to axis I and II; Major medical illness like hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, renal disease and gastrointestinal disease; Pregnancy and lactation; Substance or alcohol abuse; Any intolerable adverse side effects of treatment; Any SSRI usage in past 5 weeks; Patients younger than 18 years and older than 65 years old.
 Effects of Duloxetine in treatment of patients with resistant obsession;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: It is a randomized study that is done during 6 weeks. The subjects are pateints with OCD who have not responded to selective seretonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Inpateint and outpateint of Shiraz University of Medical center were selected. a sample of 70 people is considered ( in each group 35 pateints). The sample was divided into 2 groups A and B. In intervention group (group A) Dulextine augment to previous medications. Dulexitine 20 milligram capsules and the palnt is Farabi. Making all capsules the same series. Starting dose is 20 milligram. Increasing the dose till pateints clinically respons or side effects appear. Maximum dose of Dulexitine is 60 milligram. Clinical examination and diagnosis and prescribed by a psychiatrist done. Illness severity was assessed by Yale‐Brown Scale questionnaire (Y‐BOCS) conducted in the 0 week. In the 6th week follow‐up is done by Y‐BOCS and Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI). Yale‐Brown is a validated questionnare that is widely used in clinical practice and research to assess the severity and to track recovery clinical feature. Y‐BOCS has 10 items and each item is rated from 0 to 4. The questionnaire included questions about when the pateint is a mere obsession, stress and problems that have been created in their lives, the strenght and control that the pateint has on the obsessive thoughts. CGI is a quantitative questionnaire, that has 2 items of severity and improvement of disorder. Per item scores range from 0 to 7. In this study just improvement (Clinical Global Impression‐ Global Improvement (CGI‐I) Scale) item discussed at last. This tool is widely used in the clinic for a variety of anxiety disorders. Intervention 2: It is a randomized study that is done during 6 weeks. The subjects are pateints with OCD who have not responded to selective seretonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Inpateint and outpateint of Shiraz University of Medical center were selected. a sample of 70 people is considered It is a randomized study that is done during 6 weeks. The subjects are pateints with OCD who have not responded to selective seretonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Inpateint and outpateint of Shiraz University of Medical center were selected. a sample of 70 people is considered ( in each group 35 pateints). The sample was divided into 2 groups A and B. In intervention group (group A) Dulextine augment to previous medications. Dulexitine 20 milligram capsules and the palnt is Farabi. Making all capsules the same series. Starting dose is 20 milligram. Increasing the dose till pateints clinically respons or side effects appear. Maximum dose of Dulexitine is 60 milligram. Clinical examination and diagnosis and prescribed by a psychiatrist done. Illness severity was assessed by Yale‐Brown Scale questionnaire (Y‐BOCS) conducted in the 0 week. In the 6th week follow‐up is done by Y‐BOCS and Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI). Yale‐Brown is a validated questionnare that is widely used i It is a randomized study that is done during 6 weeks. The subjects are pateints with OCD who have not responded to selective seretonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Inpateint and outpateint of Shiraz University of Medical center were selected. a sample of 70 people is considered ( in each group 35 pateints). The sample was divided into 2 groups A and B. In intervention group (group B) Sertraline augment to previous medications. Sertraline 50 milligram tablets and the palnt is Sobhan daroo. Making all tablets the same series. Starting dose is 50 milligram. Increasing the dose till pateints clinically respons or side effects appear. Maximum dose of Sertraline is 200 milligram. Clinical examination and diagnosis and prescribed by a psychiatrist done. Illness severity was assessed by Yale‐Brown Scale questionnaire (Y‐BOCS) conducted in the 0 week. In the 6th week follow‐up is done by Y‐BOCS and Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI). Yale‐Brown is a validated questionnare that is widely Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Obsessive Compulsive disorder. ; Obsessive‐compulsive disorder Obsessive‐compulsive disorder PRIMARY OUTCOME: Severity of obsession. Timepoint: 0th week and sixth week. Method of measurement: Y‐BOCS at 0 and 6th week. CGI test at 6th week. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Not used. Timepoint: not used. Method of measurement: not used. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion crieteria: Patients with OCD that diagnosed with interview by psychiatrist according to DSMIV TR; Peaple that did not response to optimal and constant dose of selective seretonin reuptake inhibitors; Yale‐Brown‐obsessive‐compulsive scale equal or more than 18; informed consent of patients or his/her protector. Exclusion criteria: other psychiatric disorder diagnosis; major medicall illness like hypertension. diabetes, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, gastrointestinal disease; pregnancy, substance abuse, previously used of sertraline; patients younger than 18 years and older than 65 years old
 The effect of balance exercises and whole body vibration on low back pain;  INTERVENTION: For the whole body vibration group intervention consists of 18 sessions, 3 times and 6 weeks.Modalities ( TENS : low frequency=1‐4 Hz, duration =100‐400 microsec, amplitude as tolerated, hot pack,US = 1 MHz,intensity 1.5 w/cm2) are used. After that , whole body vibration device (sinusoidal mode, frequency= 20 Hz,amplitude= 4mm, a= 5.8 g) is used for them. The patients stands with 20 flexion of knee joints on plate form. 5 boot uses in each session with 1 minute rest between them. Duration of each boot in first 2 week is 30 seconds, in second 2 week 45 seconds and in the last 2 week is 1 minute. The total duration of intervention is the same as other group. In balance training group intervention consists of 18 sessions,3 times and 6 weeks. Modalities ( TENS : low frequency=1‐4 Hz, duration =100‐400 microsec, amplitude as tolerated, hot pack,US = 1 MHz,intensity 1.5 w/cm2) are used. After that, patients execute trunk balance exercises in 5 levels. The levels of exercises are simple to difficult,and if his/her pain increases, the patient remains at the same level of exercises. The total duration of treatment is 6 weeks ,3 times per week . Intervention 1: In balance training group intervention consists of 18 sessions,3 times and 6 weeks. Modalities ( TENS : low frequency=1‐4 Hz, duration =100‐400 microsec, amplitude as tolerated, hot pack,US = 1 MHz,intensity 1.5 w/cm2) are used. After that, patients execute trunk balance exercises in 5 levels. The levels of exercises are simple to difficult,and if his/her pain increases, the patient remains at the same level of exercises. The total duration of treatment is 6 weeks ,3 times per week . Intervention 2: For the whole body vibration group intervention consists of 18 sessions, 3 times and 6 weeks.Modalities ( TENS : low frequency=1‐4 Hz, duration =100‐400 microsec, amplitude as tolerated, hot pack,US = 1 MHz,intensity 1.5 w/cm2) are used. After that , whole body vibration device (sinusoidal mode, frequency= 20 Hz,amplitude= 4mm, a= 5.8 g) is used for them. The patients stands with 20 flexion of knee joints on plate form. 5 boot uses in each session with 1 minute rest between them. Duration of each boot in first 2 week is 30 seconds, in second 2 week 45 seconds and in the last 2 week is 1 minute. The total duration of intervention is the same as other group. Treatment ‐ Devices Treatment ‐ Other CONDITION: low back pain low back pain. ; low back pain PRIMARY OUTCOME: Dynamic balance. Timepoint: baseline, end of study. Method of measurement: Y balance test. Static balance. Timepoint: baseline, end of study. Method of measurement: One leg stance test. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Differences of cross sectional area of TrA, Internal oblique, External obliqe and multifidus billaterally. Timepoint: baseline, end of study. Method of measurement: Ultrasonography device. Differences of cross sectional area of TrA, Internal oblique, External obliqe and multifidus muscles billaterally. Timepoint: baseline, end of study. Method of measurement: Ultrasonography device. Disability. Timepoint: baseline, end of study, one month after the end of study. Method of measurement: Rollamd Morris Questionare. Pain. Timepoint: baseline, end of study, one month after the end of study. Method of measurement: Visual analog scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria ; Pain intensity between 3‐7( according to VAS);Functional disability level higher than 8( according to Roland Morris Disability index)? Exclusion criteria;Untreated visual and auditory deficit;History of convulsion and epilepsy; Herniation ( abdominal and disc); acute infection;Bone FX and tendon sprain in the previous 6 weeks;Migraine;Internal fixation in skeletal system; Kidney and urinary stones;Sever cardiovascular disease;Sever osteoporosis; medication that affected on postural control;Vestibular disorders;Major spinal surgery ( presence of limitation of motion ); Recently lower extremities and joint disease during three last month;Spinal deformity;Vertebral tumor and metastasis;Diabetes;Previous physiotherapy treatment ( in the last month);Pregnancy during last year;Limb length discrepancy more than 1 cm.
 The efficacy of the traditional medicine preparation of dodder (Cuscuta epithymum Murr.) and polypody (Polypodium vulgare) in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorde;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention group: Herbal drug include Basfaj(Polypodium vulgare) rhizome and aftimon( Cuscuta epithymum Murr.) Ingredients of Rizum Basfaj powder are 150 mg powder, 150 mg powdered aftimon and 200 mg red sugar powder are placed in 500 mg capsules. In both groups, fluvoxamine tablets with an average dose of 200 mg daily (100 mg tablets) twice a day after meals. in the Intervention group, in addition to fluvoxamine tablets, a 500 mg capsule containing powdered Basfaj(Polypodium vulgare) rhizome, aftimon and red sugar is taken twice a day (fasting in the morning and at night when sleeping). Intervention 2: Control group: In this group, the drug used is fluvoxamine tablets with an average dose of 200 mg daily (100 mg tablets) twice a day after meals and placebo capsule.The placebo capsule contains 500 mg of cornstarch powder. CONDITION: Obsessive‐compulsive disorder. ; Obsessive‐compulsive disorder PRIMARY OUTCOME: 1. Spend time on obsessive‐compulsive thoughts and actions. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: Yale‐Brown questionnaire. Interference rate of obsessive‐compulsive disorder. Timepoint: . Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: Yale‐Brown questionnaire. Resistance to thoughts and obsessive actions. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: Yale‐Brown questionnaire. The degree of control over thoughts and obsessive‐compulsive behaviors. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: Yale‐Brown questionnaire. The degree of discomfort associated with obsessive‐compulsive thoughts and actions. Timepoint: . Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: Yale‐Brown questionnaire. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Age range 18 to 70 years Practicing obsessive compulsive disorder Be treated with Fluvoxamine No alcohol or drugs Lack of physical illnesses such as: diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular problems A score above 21 on the Yale‐Brown‐OCS criterion Absence of other psychiatric disorders such as bipolar and psychotic disorders Absence of mental retardation Non‐pregnancy and lactation SECONDARY OUTCOME: Environmental health. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: WHOQOL‐BREF questionnaire. Mental health. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: WHOQOL‐BREF questionnaire. Physical health. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: WHOQOL‐BREF questionnaire. Social relationships. Timepoint: Before starting treatment and after 4 to 8 weeks of taking the drug, people are asked to complete the Yale‐Brown questionnaire and quality of life. Questionnaires will be completed again four weeks after the traditional product is discontinued (Week 12) to follow up. Method of measurement: WHOQOL‐BREF questionnaire.
 Fluid Management in Transient Tachypnea of the Newborn;  1. Project Abstract Transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) is a self‐limited respiratory distress syndrome of term and late pre‐term neonates.1 Respiratory distress attributed to TTN requires management of otherwise healthy infants in an intensive care setting, thus increasing cost, and often length, of hospitalization as well as decreasing opportunity for parent‐child bonding in the first days of life. Although hundreds of thousands of children are treated for TTN every year (over 250 in the Mount Sinai NICU in 2005 alone), little data underlie standard of care medical management. We are conducting a prospective study of neonates diagnosed with TTN to determine if changes in fluid management affects course of disease. 2. Specific Aims To determine whether fluid restriction in the first 72 hours of life speeds resolution of respiratory distress in neonates diagnosed with TTN. 4. Concise statement of Preliminary Data (if available) No evidence base underlies current fluid management of neonates with TTN. Data exists demonstrating the inefficacy of loop diuretics as treatment for pulmonary fluid overload in newborns with TTN,14 but no systematic evaluation of intravenous fluid management exists. Exclusively breastfed babies typically have minimal fluid intake during the first four days of life as lactogenesis II (initial postpartum milk production) proceeds. Enteral intake by term infants begins at less than 100mL in the first day (equivalent to 40mL/kg for a 2.5kg neonate; this represents a term newborn at the 5th percentile or a 34 week gestational age newborn at the 70th percentile for weight) and increase gradually until milk production reaches sustenance levels, usually around the fourth day of life.15 Regardless of gestational age, all neonates lose water weight during the first week of life during physiologic diuresis of extracellular fluid accumulated throughout gestation.16 Current management of both preterm and term neonates includes an effort to facilitate this physiologic diuresis by gradually increasing amounts of IV fluids until maintenance levels are reached between the third and fifth day of life. 17, 18 3. Concise statement of Significance/Background Transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) is a self‐limited respiratory distress syndrome of term and late pre‐term neonates.1 Newborns with TTN develop clinical signs of respiratory distress within the first hours after birth, in the absence of other pathology such as surfactant deficiency, infection, meconium aspiration, or anatomic cardiac or pulmonary anomaly. Signs of TTN include tachypnea (respiratory rate consistently > 60), subcostal, intercostals, and suprasternal retractions, nasal flaring, grunting, and hypoxia correctable with low FiO2 supplemental oxygen (< 0.40) via conventional nasal cannula or continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). The condition usually resolves with supportive care within 72 hours without significant long‐term adverse sequelae. Transient tachypnea of the newborn is associated with transient pulmonary edema diagnosed by typical chest x‐ray findings. The traditional explanation for postnatal pulmonary edema is poor clearance of fluid from the fetal lungs in the perinatal period. Retained fluid leads to bronchioalveolar collapse with variable areas of hyperinflation and air trapping in the neonatal lung. The newborn compensates for this ventilation/perfusion mismatch with tachypnea and increased work of breathing, but often cannot completely compensate, becoming hypoxic through the period of fluid reabsorption. This pathophysiologic argument has been supported by the findings that brief or absent labor and short or absent time in the birth canal have been associated with TTN.2, 3 It has long been hypothesized that mechanical forces of labor and delivery work to "squeeze" edema away from air‐exchange surfaces of the lung into the lymphatics. More recently, studies have demonstrated that immaturity of sodium ion channel transporters in the lung epithelium may play a more significant role in the failure of pulmonary fluid reabsorption than mechanical forces.4, 5 Data from animal models show that absent labor, such as found in scheduled Cesarean sections, may lead to delivery before the normal hormonally‐mediated upregulation or activation of these sodium transporters occurs and thus may explain the increased likelihood of developing TTN seen in this patient cohort. Conditions that increase central venous pressure or decrease thoracic duct clearance have also been associated with TTN.6 Additionally, maternal diagnosis of asthma7 or gestational diabetes8 and male gender of the newborn9 have been associated with TTN, although the mechanism of these associations is incompletely understood. Although TTN is an exceedingly common cause of newborn morbidity, it is relatively understudied. Due to the low mortality of TTN there has been little interest in investigating either the range of pathologies underlying the clinical presentation of TTN or the evidence base behind the standard of care treatments of TTN. The high incidence of TTN and the significant increase in hospital care acuity and length of stay to otherwise healthy infants diagnosed with TTN, however, indicates a need for study.10 As the rate of Cesarean section and late pre‐term delivery,11 as well as maternal morbidities such as asthma12 and gestational diabetes,13 rise it is particularly important to minimize the morbidity and cost of TTN. A better understanding of the pathogenesis of TTN and a thorough evaluation of current treatment strategies and their relationship to timely patient discharge is sorely needed. 5. Research Design and Methods In this study, we will conduct a prospective study of 68 neonates born between 34 and 42 weeks gestation diagnosed with TTN and managed in the Mount Sinai Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). The study period will include the first three days (72 hours) of life. On admission to the NICU, parents will be consented for their child's inclusion in the study. If consent is given, the child will be randomized to "standard fluids" or "physiologic fluids" groups. "Standard fluids" refer to current standard clinical practice of IV fluid administration, not based on experimental evidence. "Physiologic fluids" refers to IV fluid amounts more similar to fluid volumes typically ingested during initiation of breastfeeding. Term infants assigned to the "standard fluids" group will be started on 60 mL/kg/day of glucose‐containing intravenous fluids as is standard practice. Term infants assigned to the "physiologic fluids" group will be started on 40 mL/kg/day glucose‐containing intravenous fluids. Late preterm infants (gestational age between 34 and 37 weeks) assigned to the "standard fluids" group will be started on 80 mL/kg/day of glucose‐containing intravenous fluids as is standard practice. Late preterm infants (gestational age between 34 and 37 weeks) assigned to the "physiologic fluids" group will be started on 60 mL/kg/day glucose‐containing intravenous fluids. For all groups, intravenous fluid rate will be increased by 20 mL/kg/day daily, as is current standard practice. Consistent with current standard management for newborns with respiratory distress, no infant will be allowed to take oral nutrition until respiratory distress abates. Newborns will be carefully monitored, and infants in the "physiologic fluid" group will be removed from the study and total daily fluids will be increased if they show signs of dehydration. Primary outcomes will be duration of respiratory distress, defined as respiratory rate consistently greater than 50 breaths/minute and oxygen saturation on room air consistently less than 95%. Secondary outcomes will be length of time to first oral feed and time to discharge from the intensive care unit. This research poses a minor increase over minimal risk for subjects enrolled in the intervention group. The anticipated risks include mild dehydration and/or hypoglycemia of neonates in the "physiologic fluid" intervention group. This risk is minor as all newborns in the NICU have urine output recorded every three hours, point‐of‐care glucose monitoring on admission and at least once every twelve hours thereafter, and serum electrolytes checked between 12 and 24 hours of life. If neonatal dehydration is noted as defined by urine output < 2mL/kg/hour over a twelve hour period, serum sodium < 130 mEq/L or > 150 mEq/L, weight loss of more than 10% of birth weight, or blood glucose by point‐of‐care testing of < 40 mg/dL, the child will be removed from the study and appropriate fluid resuscitation will be initiated. These guidelines for removal from the study are the same as or more conservative than criteria used for rehydration in clinical care, so long‐term adverse sequelae of this level of brief mild dehydration or hypoglycemia are not expected.
 A Prospective Study Comparing Urgent Video Capsule Endoscopy With Urgent Double-balloon Enteroscopy;  Overt obscure gastrointestinal bleeding (OGIB) is a distinct clinical entity with significantly worse outcomes compared with colonic bleeding and upper GI bleeding. The mortality rate for patients with acute small bowel bleeding was 10%.1 Recently, a meta‐analysis of 10 studies showed that VCE and DBE have an equivalent diagnosis yields in patients with obscure GIB (62% for VCE and 56% for DBE).2 The limitation of this meta‐analysis study was that the included studies examined patients with occult OGIB and overt OGIB. Comparing with occult OGIB, patients with overt OGIB are more likely to present a significant lesion that causes a recurrent bleeding which subsequently increases risk of morbidity and mortality.3 According to emergency endoscopy concept from upper and lower GIB, patients with overt OGIB have been demonstrated the usefulness of urgent VCE and urgent DBE in a diagnosis tool with an impact on clinical management.4‐7 Although previous studies showed promising data about the use of urgent enteroscopy, the debate about using VCE or DBE first in patients with massive overt OGIB is still uncertain. Thus in this study, we conducted the prospective study to compare urgent VCE with urgent DBE in patients with massive overt OGIB. Objective The objective of this study was to compare the diagnostic yield between urgent VCE and urgent DBE in patients with massive overt OGIB. Patients and Methods Patients Between October 2010 and March 2012, patients referred to a tertiary, King Memorial Chulalongkorn University Hospital to evaluate GIB. The consecutive patients with massive overt OGIB defined as a visible gastrointestinal bleeding (GIB) (eg, melena or hemotochezia) of unknown origin that persists after an initial negative esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD) and colonoscopy were recruited. Massive was defined as the need for at least 3 units of blood transfusion. All patients underwent an EGD and colonoscopy within the first 48 hrs of hospitalization. In case that the causes of gastrointestinal bleeding had not been identified, informed consent was obtained from all enrolled patients. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy, patients with a suspected intestinal obstruction or stricture, cardiac pacemaker implantation or other electromedical device implantation, diabetic gastroparesis, a history of gastrectomy and small bowel surgery. This study was a prospective study comparing between urgent VCE and urgent DBE. VCE and DBE were performed within the first 72 hrs of hospitalization. VCE was carried out 12 hrs before DBE. The independent operators performed VCE and DBE. The VCE results were blinded to the DBE endoscopists. A positive finding was considered that finding could explain the cause of bleeding and/or resulted in a correct therapeutic management including taking biopsy sampling. A negative finding was considered when the cause of bleeding was not detected and there was no recurrence of bleeding during the follow up period. The results of CE and DBE were evaluated whether or not the total small bowel was visualization. The diagnosis yield and the impact on clinical outcome were assessed. If the bleeding cause was detected, the endoscopic treatment was used to achieve hemostasis including argon plasma coagulation (APC), injection or clipping. Biopsy was taken whenever possible. In case that tumor was found, India ink was marked into submucosa around it. CE procedure CE was performed at the bedside according to the manufacturer's instruction (MiroCam, Intromedic Co., Seoul, Republic of Korea). The technical description of CE has been documented.8 The capsule has a complementary metal oxide semiconductor sensor with an image acquisition rate of 3 frames per second. As a result of a power saving measure, the recorder incorporates two external electrodes and a single skin electrode for electric data conduction across the body which avoids the need for radiofrequency transmission.8 Patients ingested 2L of polyethylene glycol (PEG) for small bowel preparation. Patients were allowed to drink clear liquid at 2 hrs after swallowing the capsule. No any medication (prokinetic drugs, simethicone) was given during the examination. The small bowel transit time was defined as the time between the passage of the capsule through the pylorus and the arrival of the capsule in the cecum. The boundary between the jejunum and ileum was defined as the half‐time of small bowel transit. 9 The positive finding on VCE were defined as either the visualization of a lesion including angioectasia, mass and ulcer or the presence of blood and/or blood clots in the small bowel lumen. The terms of negative findings were defined as no abnormalities or non‐specific findings such as red spots, erosion and visible submucosal vein. DBE procedure The standard DBE system (Fujinon Inc, Saitama, Japan) was used in the examination. The system consists of the high resolution endoscope (Fujinon EN‐450T5/20) with a 200‐cm working length, 8.5 mm of outer diameter and a 145‐cm flexible overtube with 12 mm of outer diameter. The endoscope's working channel has a 2.2 mm in diameter. Two latex balloons were attached at the tips of both the enteroscope and the overtube and were inflated and deflated with the air from a pressure controlled system. The technique has been described in the detail previously by Yamamoto et al.10 The initial oral approach was usually selected. Whilst, the anal approach was performed initially in patients suspected ileum lesion who presented with hematochezia. The anal approach was performed in the same session when the initial route was negative. In case that the other approach was considered, the small bowel mucosa was marked by submucosal India ink injection using injection catheter at the most distal part during the oral approach and the most proximal part during the anal approach. DBE was performed under conscious sedation with midazolam and/or meperidine administration and cardiorespiratory monitoring by the experience endoscopists.
 REmoval Of Tacrolimus For Sirolimus Following Thymoglobulin Induction On The Development of REgulatory T Cells in Kidney Transplant Patients;  INTERVENTION: Induction therapy with thymoglobulin with tacrolimus (0.15‐0.20mg/kg/day in divided doses orally), mycophenolic acid (mycophenolate mofetil 1g twice daily or myfortic 720mg twice daily orally) and prednisolone (30mg daily orally), followed by changing from tacrolimus to sirolimus (2‐5mg daily orally) in eligible patients (i.e. tacrolimus ceased and sirolimus commenced). Thymoglobulin given as 6mg/kg over 4 days as a 4‐6 hour intravenous infusion, starting at time of transplant. Mycophenolic acid will be given pre‐transplant and tacrolimus and prednisolone given within 12 hours post‐transplant. The combination of tacrolimus (or sirolimus), mycophenolic acid and prednisolone will be given for at least 12 months following transplantation. In more details: Induction: Thymoglobulin 6mg/kg in 4 divided doses. Dose 1 – 1.5mg/kg given within 6 hours pre‐transplant or at or around time of transplant as at least a 6 hour infusion (see appendix 2). Dose 2 – 1.5mg/kg day +1 post‐transplant as a 4‐6 hours infusion. Dose 3 – 1.5mg/kg day +2 post‐transplant as a 4‐6 hours infusion. Dose 4 – 1.5mg/kg day +3 post‐transplant as a 4‐6 hours infusion. Standard pre‐transplant methylprednisolone (500‐1000mg), day +1 methylprednisolone (500‐1000mg) and day +2 oral prednisolone (30mg daily) to be given at least 30 minutes prior to thymoglobulin infusion with 1g paracetamol and 25mg oral/IM phernergan. If the WCC is between 2‐3x109/L and/or platelet count between 50‐70x109/L, it is recommended that the dose of thymoglobulin is reduced by one‐half. If the WCC is less than 2x109/L and/or platelet count is less than 50x109/L, it is recommended that thymoglobulin is stopped until the WCC and/or platelet counts recover. Day 1 – Day 90‐135: Tacrolimus with dose adjusted to levels as per local institution protocol (recommended trough level 5‐10ug/L). Cellcept or myfortic ‐ recommended dosing at least 1g bd or 720mg bd respectively for the first 2 weeks, then dosing according to local institutional protocol . Prednisolone 30mg daily and dose reduce according to local institutional protocol to not less than 10mg daily. Day 90 – Day 135 (conversion period): Sirolimus: Recommendation is to stop tacrolimus on day before introducing sirolimus at 2‐5mg daily. Target sirolimus trough level as per local protocol (recommendation: 8‐12ug/L up to day 180). An overlap between tacrolimus and sirolimus is allowed and recommended regimen is to reduce tacrolimus by 50% and initiating sirolimus at 2mg daily. Tacrolimus must be ceased when sirolimus level reaches target level. Cellcept or myfortic according to local institutional protocol. Prednisolone as per local institution protocol. Day 135 – month 12: Sirolimus dose adjustment to achieve trough level as per local protocol (recommendation: target 8‐12ug/L to day 180, then 5‐10ug/L till month 12). Cellcept or myfortic according to local institutional protocol. Prednisolone as per local institution protocol. CONDITION: Cardiovascular health Clinical significant infections and cancers Development of circulating regulatory T cells Kidney transplant function, complications and biopsy Metabolic outcomes (glucose abnormality) PRIMARY OUTCOME: Proportion of circulating regulatory T cells (CD4+CD25+FoxP3+) of peripheral blood mononuclear cells determined by flow cytometric analysis INCLUSION CRITERIA: Inclusion criteria at randomisation: 1. Males and females aged >18 years inclusive. 2. Primary and subsequent DCD renal transplant recipients. 4. Patients who are willing and able to participate in the study and from whom written informed consent has been obtained. Inclusion criteria for conversion: 1. Day 90‐135 post‐kidney transplantation. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Death (clinical assessments) Development of de novo anti‐HLA donor‐specific antibodies (blood test) Effect of treatment on cardiovascular health including fasting serum lipids (LDL, HDL, triglycerides, total cholesterol), waist circumference (clinical measurement), blood pressure (average of 3 blood pressure readings 5 minutes apart with patient in sitting position) and cardiovascular events (clinical history) Glucose regulation in non‐diabetics assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test (blood glucose taken at time 0, 1 and 2 hours following a 75g oral glucose load) Histology for chronic activity disease index (CADI) scoring and presence of chronic allograft nephropathy on transplant kidney biopsy Inflammatory markers including serum C‐reactive protein (blood test) Transplant kidney complications including rejection, wound problems, haematological abnormalities, graft survival, infections and malignancies (clinical assessments) Transplant kidney function determined by radionuclide scan and proteinuria determined by spot urine protein/creatinine ratio 3. Females capable of becoming pregnant must have a negative serum pregnancy test within 7 days prior to or at screening, and are required to practice a medically accepted effective method of birth control for the duration of the study and for a period of 6 weeks following discontinuation of study medication, even where there has been a history of infertility. 2. Continuously maintained on Tacrolimus and Mycophenolic acid during the last 30 days.
 Hydroxychloroquine for the Treatment of Patients With Mild to Moderate COVID-19 to Prevent Progression to Severe Infection or Death;  Inclusion criteria: ‐ Adult patients (>18 years) ‐ Confirmed COVID‐19 infection by real‐time PCR from a respiratory or other body sample within 48 hours of testing. ‐ Mild to moderate infection or asymptomatic patients with comorbidities: Symptomatic patients with fever >37.9ºC or cough or dyspnea or chest pain, not fulfilling severity exclusion criteria. We will include patients regardless of time since symptom onset. In addition, we will include asymptomatic patients with comorbidities including cardiac, pulmonary, diabetes, chronic renal failure or liver disease (definitions in Appendix 1) hospitalized for observation. ‐ Informed consent from patient or legal representative Exclusion criteria: ‐ Severe infection, defined as need for invasive or non‐invasive ventilator support, ECMO or shock requiring vasopressor support. ‐ Unable to take oral medication ‐ Known allergy to HCQ or chloroquine ‐ Prolonged QT, defined as QTc ≥450 milliseconds for men and as QTc ≥470 for women ‐ Severely reduced LV function (Ejection fraction<30%) ‐ Retinopathy ‐ Pregnancy or breast feeding ‐ Concomitant treatment with azithromycin, flecainide, amiodarone, digoxin, procainamide, propafenone, thioridazine, pimozide. ‐ Chronic chloroquine/ HCQ treatment (within 1 month) ‐ Need for hemodialysis ‐ Participating in another RCT for treatment of COVID‐19 Patients who meet eligibility criteria will be randomized in a 1:1 ration. Randomization will be done using a computer‐generated list of random numbers allocated centrally through a web site, stratified by hospital. The random sequence will include random permuted blocks of 4 The intervention group will receive oral hydroxychloroquine. In the first day 400 mg twice daily, followed by 200mg twice daily on days 2‐10 (continued after discharge if discharged before day 10). The control group will not receive hydroxychloroquine. Physicians will be allowed to provide other medications at their discretion. For patients in the control group who develop severe disease (as defined), the physician will be allowed to use HCQ. Criteria for discontinuing study drug include development of any of the following: ‐ Serious adverse event related to the drug (QT prolongation, anaphylaxis reaction) ‐ Participant request Primary outcome: Number of patients developing severe infection (as defined above at the section of exclusion criteria) or death within 28 days. Secondary outcomes: ‐ Number of patients with severe disease as defined above ‐ All‐cause mortality within 30 days ‐ Time to symptom resolution defined as days until normalization of fever (37.9ºC), respiratory rate, and oxygen saturation, and alleviation of cough, sustained for at least 72 hours. ‐ Duration (days) of mechanical ventilation ‐ Clinical status at day 5 as assessed by National Early Warning Score 2 ‐ Virological failure, defined as positive PCR from respiratory or other body sample at day 5. ‐ Development of acute myocarditis defined as symptoms of heart failure, chest pain or arrhythmia, in the presence of elevated serum Troponin or reduced ejection fraction by echocardiography, and no evidence of acute coronary syndrome. ‐ Antibacterial consumption, measured as days of therapy (DOT) ‐ Number of adverse events ‐ prolonged QT, arrhythmias, nausea, vomiting (severe) ‐ Time to hospital discharge. Patients will not be contacted after discharge, assuming no change in status after discharge (carry‐forward assumption). Survival at day 30 will be ascertained using the health ministry records. Trial follow‐up and monitoring will be performed by The Rambam‐Technion ID research using a risk‐based monitoring approach with adaptive on‐site monitoring. ‐ Discharge to LTCF, rehabilitation (for patients admitted from home) The trial will test for chloroquine's superiority (1‐sided alpha) assuming a primary outcome incidence of 10% in the control group and a reduction of 30% in the intervention group. With a 1‐sided 5% alpha a fixed sample of 558 patients per group will provide 80% power to reject the null hypothesis of no difference between study groups (PS power and sample size). However, the trial will use an adaptive approach to determine the final sample size. Interim analyses for the primary outcome will be conducted by statisticians with expertise in adaptive design. Patients will be follow‐up daily in‐hospital. Vital and respiratory signs and symptoms will be captured daily. Electrocardiogram will be performed on day 3 for all patients, with follow‐up as required. Adverse effects will be monitored daily and documented, including gastrointestinal symptoms, skin rash or other skin manifestations. If antibiotic treatment will be needed, we will refrain from using azithromycin. Laboratory tests, including complete blood count, electrolytes, creatinine levels, CPK and liver enzymes (including LDH) will be obtained at recruitment if unavailable from the last 24 hours. Blood count, electrolytes and creatinine levels will be repeated on days 5+/‐2. Other tests will be performed as clinically indicated. Chest x‐ray or other chest imaging will be performed at recruitment if not performed previously and repeated as necessary according to clinical judgment. PCR from respiratory or body samples will be obtained on day 5 (or discharge if prior to day 5) and otherwise as clinically indicated. Blood samples for serology will be taken at recruitment and at day 14 (or at discharge if before day 14). Samples will be frozen and batch analyzed at the end of the study. The data will be entered anonymously into a central case report form (CRF) designed in RedCap. We will document the follow‐up, patients' medical treatment, including antiviral, antimicrobial and supportive care and all adverse events. Trial flow and recruitment follow‐up: Recruitment reports will be collected monthly, detailing the number of eligible patients, excluded patients, reason for exclusion and number of included patients, in a structured table. The recruitment status vs. expected recruitment rate will be reported monthly, overall and per site. Remote monitoring will be performed continuously throughout the trial to check for data completion and quality. Critical variables will be defined, based on data needed for baseline description of the study cohort, information regarding the intervention and outcome data. Feedback will be provided to local study coordinators via email or telephone. Data will be completed or corrected in real time with the support of the monitoring center. Risk thresholds will be defined for onsite monitoring. Onsite monitoring will be performed periodically and as required following the remote monitoring thresholds. The regular onsite monitoring visits will include: ‐ Inspection of the informed consent forms with dates corresponding to recruitment ‐ Inclusion criteria confirmed vs. patients' charts ‐ Confirmation of primary outcome data in source documents The trial will be followed by an independent data and safety monitoring board and a steering committee. No interim analyses are planned. All serious adverse events will be reported to the independent monitoring board. Interim analyses and serious adverse events will be reported to the local ethics committees, as per local good practice guidelines. The primary analysis will include all randomized patients by intention to treat. A per‐protocol analysis will include patients who received the allocated intervention for at least 5 calendar days. Patients' baseline characteristics will be reported as mean with standard deviation, or median with interquartile based on variable distributions. The relative risk for the primary outcome will be computed with 95% confidence intervals. Time dependent variables will be analyzed using Kaplan Meyer curves. The trial will not be powered for subgroup analyses. The study will be approved by the local ethics committees in participating hospitals. Informed consent will be required for participation from the patients or their legal guardians. Owing to severe isolation precautions, a modification to the informed consent process is required. The investigators will present the study drug and related information to the subjects through a phone call. Subjects who agree to participate will sign an informed consent form which will be documented via a video chat. The informed consent process and form will be reviewed by the IRB in order to ensure that the informed consent process is understandable. This study is not funded.
 A Dose Response Investigation of Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA);  Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is vital for the structure of cell membranes, essential for brain and eye development, found at high levels throughout the brain and nervous system and is important for optimal cognitive development in children, the growth of the fetus during pregnancy and healthy breast milk during lactation. DHA has also been shown to aid in the protection against primary and secondary symptoms of cardiovascular disease as well as macular degeneration. However, whether DHA is deemed to be essential in the diet remains controversial. Meanwhile, the Institute of Medicine (now the National Academy of Medicine) set an adequate intake for DHA's precursor, alpha‐linolenic acid (ALA), at 1.6 g/d and 1.1 g/d for healthy males and females, respectively. The investigators believe the confusion arises from the approach to studying omega‐3 fatty acids, particularly DHA requirements. For these studies, DHA is supplemented, and often complex, multifactorial disease outcomes are used as endpoints. The doses of DHA used in these studies are often subjective and participants, including controls, have varying DHA intakes and levels. Supplementing a population, like vegetarians or vegans whose levels are similarly low would be useful. Classically, it was believed that that when DHA is consumed a portion is converted "backwards" to eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) which then accumulates in a process called "retroconversion." However, using a novel approach called compound‐specific isotope analysis (CSIA), the investigators observed that the rise in EPA is not primarily from retroconversion, but rather from a backlog of EPA primarily originating from ALA. Initially demonstrated in rodent models by CSIA, the team confirmed by similar modeling that DHA consumption in humans results in the same backlog of EPA. Critically, DHA induces a backlog in metabolism of EPA and dietary ALA appears to be essential for this backlog. Thus, the increase in EPA represents a biochemical feedback pathway that slows DHA synthesis in response to sufficient DHA. Significance: By precisely determining the lowest amount of DHA required to activate this feedback mechanism it may be useful for future estimation of DHA requirements. Moreover, the problem with the amounts suggested for the unofficial recommendations is that if the global population were to consume these amounts it would be environmentally concerning as this nutrient is ecologically sensitive with its major source coming from already stressed ocean fish stocks, encouraging unsustainable fishing practices, something environmentalists and researchers have said are creating legitimate climate and health concerns. Hypothesis: The dose at which EPA increases with increased DHA is the point at which elongation slows, indicating a significant feedback pathway is present. Objectives: 1. To determine the dose‐response for DHA to increase EPA. 2. Investigate the DHA dose and time that increases EPA using CSIA. 3. To measure EPA, DPAn‐3, and DHA turnover and loss rates. 4. Provide data for exploratory analysis related to PUFA metabolism, ALA consumption and its effect on EPA and DHA levels, and DHA's effects on disease related biomarkers, C‐Reactive Protein (CRP), and blood clotting. Trial Design: Co‐principle investigators Dr. Richard Bazinet and Dr. John Sievenpiper and co‐investigators, Drs. David Jenkins and Adam Metherel along with PhD student Amy Symington, will conduct a double blinded, placebo‐controlled, dose‐response supplementation trial. Seventy‐two healthy vegans or vegetarians who are 18‐50 years old will be randomly assigned to 1 of 6 groups. Prior to randomization, participants will undergo a 2‐week run‐in phase to gather their questionnaire data. Once randomized, each group will take DHA supplements of either 0mg (placebo), 100mg, 200mg, 400mg, 800mg and 1000mg per day over the course of 8 weeks. These doses represent the range of DHA intake levels spanning average population intakes (<100 mg/d), frequently recommended intakes (250 ‐ 500 mg/d), and DHA intake levels known to increase plasma EPA levels (1000 mg/d). A questionnaire will be administered to obtain information in relation to approximate ALA, EPA and DHA intake before and after the supplementation period. A 3‐day weighed diet diary will be provided to obtain food intake over the course of the supplementation period to gauge ALA consumption. Participants will be asked to refrain from DHA rich foods during the supplementation period. This will not be an issue as this population generally do not consume DHA rich foods. Baseline intake of the essential fatty acid ALA will be assessed via questionnaire and verified by blood samples. Participants: The study will recruit 72 healthy vegetarians and vegans to allow for the lowest possible baseline EPA and DHA levels. Exclusion criteria are as follows: consumption of EPA and/or DHA supplement within the past six months, have 3% or higher of DHA in their total plasma lipids, BMI <18 kg/m2 or >30 kg/m2, are menopausal or post‐menopausal, pregnant or breastfeeding, chronic or communicable diseases (like multiple sclerosis, kidney and inflammatory bowel disease, Type 2 diabetes, cancer or heart disease), use of chronic anti‐inflammatory medication, use of lipid‐controlling medication, hypertriglyceridemia (>4 mmol/l) or hypercholesterolemia (LDL‐C >5 mmol/l), anticipate major changes in lifestyle, smoker, heavy alcohol user (>3 drinks/day) and major surgery or has participated in an intervention trial in the last six months. This exclusion data is in line with previous meta‐analyses and n‐3 supplementation trials that have used the above exclusion criteria as they affect n‐3 PUFA metabolism. Participants who sign the consent form who are later deemed to be ineligible due to BMI or % of DHA levels will be informed via email and/or phone. This is explained in the consent form. Fatty acid analyses: Blood samples for baseline and follow‐up meetings will be obtained following an overnight 12‐hour fast. Blood samples will be collected at days 0, 3, 7, 14, 28 and 56. The samples will be collected by a registered nurse. Whole blood samples will be saved and stored from each participant. Then, the remaining whole blood samples from each participant will be centrifuged and the plasma and red blood cells (RBCs) isolated from each sample. They will be stored at ‐80°C in an air tight container until required for analysis. Plasma and RBCs samples will be analyzed for fatty acid concentrations using gas chromatography (GC)‐flame ionization detection and delta carbon‐13 (δ13C) will be assessed using GC‐isotope ratio mass spectrometry. Plasma and RBCs will be analyzed with changes in plasma EPA levels as the primary outcome and plasma δ13C EPA signature, measured by compound specific isotope analysis (CSIA), as the secondary outcome. The δ13C signature of EPA will also be measured to see that it aligns with the δ13C signature of plasma ALA and not the DHA supplement. Sample Size: Power was calculated based on results from the literature which has consistently reported changes in plasma EPA following DHA supplementation for 6 weeks with 12 subjects, and is consistent with our findings. Using means, standards deviations and sample sizes from the Metherel et al study in 2019 and these two previous studies, an alpha = 0.05 and desired power of 0.8 we determined sample sizes of just over 9 as sufficient to yield a statistically significant effect. As such, to account for a projected 20‐25% dropout rate we will recruit 12 participants to ensure we are appropriately powered for our primary outcome. Secondary analysis: Depending upon recruitment the investigators will examine if males and females respond differently in an exploratory analysis, recognizing they may not be powered to detect potentially real, but small sex‐related differences. The investigators will use whole blood samples collected to determine FADS1, FADS2, ELOVL2 and ELOVL5 isoforms which have been shown to affect blood levels of EPA and DHA as a sub analysis. The investigators will also provide data to do additional analysis related to n‐3 PUFA turnover and loss rates, participants' ALA consumption and its effect on n‐3 PUFA metabolism. In addition, some of the beneficial outcomes that may occur with DHA supplementation according to current research will be determined, including blood pressure, heart rate, triglycerides, and LDL, HDL and total cholesterol. Recruitment: Participants will be recruited by way of email and social media to various vegetarian/vegan focused groups and organizations. Anthropometric analyses: Height will be measured with a wall‐mounted stadiometer. Body weight will be assessed by beam scale. Waist circumference will be assessed using the Heart and Stroke Foundation methodology. Blood pressure (BP) and resting heart rate will be measured. To collect this measure, participants will remain seated in a quiet, temperature‐controlled room for at least 5 minutes to achieve resting heart rate and BP. Subsequently, BP will be measured oscillometrically using the OMRON Intellisense HEM‐907 according to JNC VII criteria. BP will be measured in triplicate, with each measurement separated by one minute, and the average of the three measures will be taken. Biochemical analyses: Plasma and RBC samples for EPA and DHA will be separated by centrifuge and immediately frozen at ‐80 C at the University of Toronto for later analysis. Although plasma is the primary focus for the outcome, both plasma and RBC samples will be analyzed for comparison using GC‐FID to determine EPA and DHA levels and δ13C will be analyzed using GC‐IRMS. Baseline and follow‐up questionnaire: To obtain approximate ALA, EPA and DHA intake both before and after the supplementation period, a questionnaire will be provided to participants via email to fill out following the first phone/zoom meeting and at the final visit on day 56. Statistical Analysis Primary outcomes. Plasma and red blood cell (RBC) samples will be analyzed using GC‐FID to determine n‐3 PUFA concentrations within each group. Statistical analysis will be performed by a two‐way ANOVA (dose x time) with repeated measures on time to determine interaction and/or main effects. In addition, the increase in EPA levels will be analyzed by segmented regression (or breakpoint analysis), as is done with the indicator amino acid oxidation technique between doses and within each time point to identify the dose of DHA supplementation that results in a sudden increase in EPA levels, the DHA dose that initiates feedback inhibition. Repeated measures post hoc Tukey test will be used to determine significant differences in DHA% and EPA% between visits as well as between groups. A Games‐Howell test would be administered during the Tukey test if a group happens to have uneven participant numbers due to dropouts. Secondary outcomes. δ13C will be analyzed using GC‐IRMS. The δ13C signature of EPA will be measured to see that it aligns with the δ13C signature of plasma ALA and not the DHA supplement. Turnover rates and half‐lives of EPA, DPAn‐3 and DHA will be calculated by GraphPad Prism version 10.0 and the rate of loss of EPA, DPAn‐3 and DHA in nmol/ml/day from the plasma will be calculated using the following formula: Jout = 0.693CFA/t1/2. Exploratory and adherence outcomes. Repeated measures mixed effect models will be used to assess changes in all exploratory outcomes without controlling for false discovery rate. Pairwise comparisons between groups will be performed using Tukey‐Kramer adjustment or other appropriate statistics. Effect modification by ALA consumption, sex, and genetics will be explored and blood samples will be analyzed for compliance. Subgroup Analysis. A priori analysis will be conducted by age, sex, ethnicity, baseline BMI, baseline waist circumference, genetic variants and ALA consumption.
 Connective Tissue Graft Versus Collagen Matrix;  This is a pilot study and will include 8 visits over a minimum period of 25 weeks. The trial will follow the recommendations of the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) statement and will be registered in clinicaltrials.gov after the obtainment of the relevant approval from ethics committee. All the relevant authorization (Ethical committee, Insurance) will be obtained before study initiation. Study population: 12 patients will be recruited in the new patient and follow‐up clinics which run every week at the Centre of Dentistry of University of Parma. Main inclusion criteria: ‐ Systemically healthy males and females ≥ 18 years old ‐ Willingness to read and sign a copy of the Informed Consent Form after reading the Patient Information Sheet, and after the nature of the study has been fully explained ‐ Clinical evidence of a single gingival recession (RT1, RT2) ‐ Full mouth bleeding and plaque scores (FMBS and FMPS) < 20% recorded ‐ Non‐surgical treatment completed within 6 months prior to assessment for eligibility Main inclusion criteria: ‐ Medical history that includes diabetes or hepatic or renal disease, or other serious medical conditions or transmittable diseases (e.g. cardiovascular disease or AIDS). ‐ Antibiotic, anti‐inflammatory or anticoagulant therapy during the month preceding the baseline exam. ‐ History of alcohol or drug abuse. ‐ Smoking ≥10 cigarettes a day ‐ Self‐reported pregnancy or lactation (this criterion is due to oral tissue changes related to pregnancy and nursing which can affect interpretation of study results). ‐ Other severe acute or chronic medical or psychiatric condition or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with trial participation or investigational product administration or may interfere with the interpretation of trial results and, in the judgement of the investigator, would make the subject inappropriate for entry into this trial. ‐ Taking medications that might induce gingival overgrowth (e.g. calcium antagonists) Study visits: Visit 1 ‐ Baseline ‐ ‐ Informed consent, medical/dental history and demographics ‐ Record concomitant medications and smoking history ‐ Periodontal assessment by a blind and calibrated examiner, consisting of full mouth PPD, REC, BOP, mobility and furcation involvement will be recorded. PPD, REC, plaque and BOP will be recorded at 6 sites per tooth. ‐ Intra‐oral 3D scan in the area selected for the study ‐ PROMs assessment (OIDP and Global changes in Quality of Life) ‐ Pre‐treatment hygiene phase, including supragingival scale and polish of all teeth and oral hygiene instructions ‐ Randomization to one of the two treatment groups by the study co‐ordinator. The treatment allocation will be concealed in an opaque envelope. A treatment visit will be scheduled within the following 6 weeks. ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos Visit 2 ‐ Surgical intervention ‐ (within 12 weeks from Visit 1) ‐ Query to update medical/dental history and record adverse events and/or concomitant medications ‐ Study treatment according to randomization (CTG or PDCM) ‐ Post‐surgical instructions ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos Visit 3 ‐ 7 days follow up ‐ (within 7d + 2d from Visit 2) ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos ‐ Visual assessment of gingival healing ‐ PROMs assessment Visit 4 ‐ 14 days follow up ‐ (within 14d ± 3d from Visit 2) ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos ‐ Visual assessment of gingival healing ‐ PROMs assessment ‐ Sutures removal Visit 5 ‐ 21 days follow up ‐ (within 21d ± 3d from Visit 2) ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos ‐ Visual assessment of gingival healing ‐ PROMs assessment Visit 6 ‐ 30 days follow up ‐ (within 30 ± 3d from Visit 2) ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos ‐ Visual assessment of gingival healing ‐ PROMs assessment ‐ Intraoral 3D scan Visit 7 ‐ 3 months follow up ‐ (within 3 months ± 1w from Visit 2) ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos ‐ Visual assessment of gingival healing ‐ Intraoral 3D scan Visit 8 ‐ 6 months follow up ‐ (within 6 months ± 1w from Visit 2) ‐ Standardized high definition intraoral photos ‐ Visual assessment of gingival healing and complete root coverage (UNC‐15 probe) ‐ Intraoral 3D scan Study randomization and treatment allocation: A specifically designed locked computer software program will be used to randomly assign patients to one of two study groups: the control group of 6 patients treated with CAF+CTG and the test group of 6 patients treated with CAF+PDCM (Fibrogide). The allocation result will be kept in a locked computer file that will not not accessible to examiners and practitioners. The operator will be informed about the patient's allocation on the day of the intervention. Surgical procedures: The control group will be treated with a bilaminar technique where a coronally advanced flap with vertical incisions (CAF) according to the technique described by Langer in 1885 is associated to an autologous connective tissue graft. The graft will be harvested from the palate in the area apical to the gingival margin of the second molar with an epithelial‐connective harvesting technique to obtain a connective graft of 1 mm in thickness. Subsequently, the graft will be shaped in order to match height and width of the recipient site on the recession according to the technique proposed by Zucchelli in 2003. The test group will receive the same flap design with the same technique, then the porcine derived xenogeneic graft will be shaped in order to match height and width of the recipient site on the recession. In particular, the matrix will be reduced in thickness as suggested by the manufacturer to obtain a standardized thickness of 3 mm. Patients will be instructed to avoid any mechanical trauma or tooth brushing in the surgical sites for 3 weeks. They will be instructed to take painkiller medications if necessary. Chlorhexidine 1% gel applications will be prescribed three times per day for 2 weeks. Sutures will be removed after 14 days. Three weeks after surgery, patients will be instructed to resume gently mechanical tooth cleaning with an extra‐soft toothbrush. 3D imaging: Digital impressions obtained with an intraoral scanner (Carestream CS 3600, Carestream Dental, Atlanta GA, USA) will be employed to evaluate soft tissue volumetric changes before treatment (T0), at 1 month (T1) and at 3 months (T2) and 6 months (T3) after surgery. The 6 months follow‐up visit was chosen as the endpoint of this study in consideration of the complete resorption time of the PDCM as described by the manufacturer. Digital 3D images will be converted info STL files. STL is a file format created to describe only the surface geometry of a three‐dimensional object without any representation of color, texture or other common CAD model attributes. A dedicated software (MeshLab, ISTI‐CNR, Rome, Italy) with a professional digital environment that allows the operator to import, open and manage STL files will then be employed to analyze the three STL files obtained at different timepoints (T0, T1, T2, T3) by a blind operator. More specifically, the software will accurately superimpose the scans by using a minimum of 4 reference points identified by a collimation process. Then the area of interest (an area of 10 x 10 mm, apical to the CEJ) will be isolated and the difference in volume (mm3) will be calculated by the software. In addition, the software will also return an analysis of the thickening distribution pattern in the area of interest. It is important to emphasise that this protocol for 3D image analysis has been already validated and succesfully tested in ten pilot cases. (FIG 1,2,3,4) PROMs: The OIDP is a well validated and frequently used PROM in studies of oral health. It is a composite measure of the impacts of oral health on the quality of life of people (eating, speaking, cleaning teeth, going out, relaxing, smiling, major work or role, emotional stability, social contact). The overall OIDP score ranges from 0 to 100, with higher scores indicating worse quality of life. Furthermore, when an oral impact is reported, the patient is further asked which oral condition was responsible for that impact. In the 7, 14 and 30 days follow‐up visits, we will also evaluate patient perception about therapy. More specifically, the extent of discomfort and/or pain experienced will be evaluated using a 100‐mm horizontal visual analog scale (VAS). The anchors for each end of the scales will be designated as none and extreme. Patients will be also instructed to quantify the analgesic medication taken. In addition, the extent of discomfort, root hypersensitivity, oedema, hematoma, high fever, and interference in daily activities during the first posttherapy week will be evaluated in the same way. Root coverage assessment: The complete root coverage measured as the residual distance from the gingival margin to the CEJ will be recorded with a UNC‐15 periodontal probe by a calibrated blind examiner at the 6 months follow‐up appointment. Sample size calculation: Since this can be considered as a pilot study (no other studies in the literature have used this 3D approach to evaluate changes in tissue thickness), the sample size calculation was based on previous studies' results in this field and on the investigators' experience. We speculated that 10 patients per group would allow to collect enough data to power future trials (if needed). A 20% drop‐out rate was also considered, thus leading to a total of twelve patients (6 per group) to be enrolled for the study. Outcomes and Statistics: The primary outcome of the study is to analyze and measure the soft tissue thickness modifications in the area of the graft with the three‐dimensional superimposition technique. The measurement will be performed in cubic millimeters and the distribution will be analyzed with a colorimetric graphic map. The modifications will be compared between groups and between timepoints with an inter/intra group analysis. The secondary outcomes consider linear measurements and PROMs. In addiction, the superimposition software will be used to assess the thickness increase at six months. More specifically, two‐dimensional linear measurements will be performed perpendicular to the alveolar crest along the vertical axis of the tooth from the center of the gingival and will be repeated each mm for 10 mm in apical direction (Gonzales‐martin 2014). The modifications will be compared between groups and between timepoints with an inter/intra group analysis. Patients' Reported Outcomes (PROMS) will be measured with oral impact on daily performances (OIDP questionnaire) and on the evaluation of patients' perception about therapy. Clinical measurements will be performed by a blind calibrated operator. T‐Test and Factorial Effect Anova Test will be performed in order to statistically analyze the results in the test and control groups at different timepoints.
 The effect of cooling gel pads and topical olive oil on the intensity of episiotomy pain and wound healing;  INTERVENTION: Cooling gel pad group: Mothers who use the cooling pad was asked after washing and drying the perineum, covered pads with gauze and mothers used it for 20 minutes whenever they needed. Intervention 1: Olive oil group: Mothers who use the olive oil was asked after washing and drying the perineum, olive oil gently placed on the wound 2 times a day for 10 days and then were used the pad after 1‐2 minutes. Intervention 2: Cooling gel pad group: Mothers who use the cooling pad was asked after washing and drying the perineum, covered pads with gauze and mothers used it for 20 minutes whenever they needed. Olive oil group: Mothers who use the olive oil was asked after washing and drying the perineum, olive oil gently placed on the wound 2 times a day for 10 days and then were used the pad after 1‐2 minutes. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: episiotomy. ; Second degree perineal laceration during delivery Perineal laceration, rupture or tear as in O70.0, also involving: pelvic floor, perineal muscles, vaginal muscles during delivery Second degree perineal laceration during delivery Perineal laceration, rupture or tear as in O70.0, also involving: pelvic floor, perineal muscles, vaginal muscles during delivery PRIMARY OUTCOME: Intensity of episiotomy pain. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 hours, 5 and 10 days postpartum. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Wound healing of episiotomy. Timepoint: before intervention, 12 hours, 5 and 10 days postpartum. Method of measurement: REEDA scale. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: primiparous woman; aged 18 to 35 years; have a vaginal delivery with mediolateral episiotomy without instrumental delivery and without tears; singleton birth with cephalic presentation; was educated; resident in Gilan; gestational ages between 37 to 42 weeks; child weigh between 2500 to 4000 grams; the lack of diseases such as chronic systemic disorders, cardiovascular, respiratory, coagulation disorders and connective tissue, diabetes, anemia, immunosuppressant, hemophilia, malnutrition and psychological disorders; no allergies to topical drugs; not eclampsia and pre‐eclampsia; no rupture of membranes more than 24 hours; no addiction; BMI between 19.8‐30 kg/m2; no manual removal of placenta; no fetal anomaly or bedfast to the neonatal unit; not taking the first stage of labor (more than 14 hours) and the second stage of labor (more than 2 hours) and the third stage of labor (more than 30 minutes); not problems with cold therapy such as poor
 Sex Differences in Atrial Fibrillation Risk: the VITAL Rhythm Study;  Importance: Women have a lower incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) compared with men in several studies, but it is unclear whether this sex difference is independent of sex differences in prevalent cardiovascular disease (CVD), body size, and other risk factors. Objective: To examine sex differences in AF incidence and whether AF risk factors differ by sex in a contemporary cohort of men and women without prevalent CVD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a prospective cohort analysis within the Vitamin D and Omega‐3 Trial (VITAL) Rhythm Study, a randomized trial that examined the effect of vitamin D and ω‐3 fatty acid supplementation on incident AF among men 50 years or older and women 55 years or older without a prior history of prevalent AF, CVD, or cancer at baseline. Data were analyzed from September 29, 2020, to June 29, 2021. Exposures: Sex, height, weight, body mass index (BMI), body surface area (BSA), and other AF risk factors at study enrollment. Main Outcomes and Measures: Incident AF confirmed by medical record review. Results: A total of 25 119 individuals (mean [SD] age, 67.0 [7.1] years; 12 757 women [51%]) were included in this study. Over a median (IQR) follow‐up of 5.3 (5.1‐5.7) years, 900 confirmed incident AF events occurred among 12 362 men (495 events, 4.0%) and 12 757 women (405 events, 3.2%). After adjustment for age and treatment assignment, women were at lower risk for incident AF than men (hazard ratio [HR], 0.68; 95% CI, 0.59‐0.77; P < .001). The inverse association between female sex and AF persisted after adjustment for race and ethnicity, smoking, alcohol intake, hypertension, diabetes (type 1, type 2, gestational), thyroid disease, exercise, and BMI (HR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.63‐0.85; P <.001). However, female sex was positively associated with AF when height (HR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.14‐1.72; P = .001), height and weight (HR 1.49, 95% CI, 1.21‐1.82; P <.001), or BSA (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.06‐1.49; P = .009) were substituted for BMI in the multivariate model. In stratified models, risk factor associations with incident AF were similar for women and men. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, findings suggest that after controlling for height and/or body size, women without CVD at baseline were at higher risk for AF than men, suggesting that sex differences in body size account for much of the protective association between female sex and AF. These data underscore the importance of AF prevention in women.
 The sars-cov-2 ivermectin navarra-isglobal trial (saint) to evaluate the potential of ivermectin to reduce covid-19 transmission in low risk, non-severe covid-19 patients in the first 48 hours after symptoms onset: a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomized control pilot trial;  Objectives: The primary objective is to determine the efficacy of a single dose of ivermectin, administered to low risk, non‐severe COVID‐19 patients in the first 48 hours after symptom onset to reduce the proportion of patients with detectable SARS‐CoV‐2 RNA by Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test from nasopharyngeal swab at day 7 post‐treatment. The secondary objectives are: 1. To assess the efficacy of ivermectin to reduce the SARS‐CoV‐2 viral load in the nasopharyngeal swab at day 7 post treatment. 2. To assess the efficacy of ivermectin to improve symptom progression in treated patients. 3. To assess the proportion of seroconversions in treated patients at day 21. 4. To assess the safety of ivermectin at the proposed dose. 5. To determine the magnitude of immune response against SARS‐CoV‐2. 6. To assess the early kinetics of immunity against SARS‐CoV‐2. Trial design: SAINT is a single centre, double‐blind, randomized, placebo‐controlled, superiority trial with two parallel arms. Participants will be randomized to receive a single dose of 400 μg/kg ivermectin or placebo, and the number of patients in the treatment and placebo groups will be the same (1:1 ratio). Participants: The population for the study will be patients with a positive nasopharyngeal swab PCR test for SARS‐CoV‐2, with non‐severe COVID‐19 disease, and no risk factors for progression to severity. Vulnerable populations such as pregnant women, minors (i.e.; under 18 years old), and seniors (i.e.; over 60 years old) will be excluded. Inclusion criteria 1. Patients diagnosed with COVID‐19 in the emergency room of the Clínica Universidad de Navarra (CUN) with a positive SARS‐CoV‐2 PCR. 2. Residents of the Pamplona basin ("Cuenca de Pamplona"). 3. The patient must be between the ages of 18 and 60 years of age. 4. Negative pregnancy test for women of child bearing age*. 5. The patient or his/her representative, has given informed consent to participate in the study. 6. The patient should, in the PI's opinion, be able to comply with all the requirements of the clinical trial (including home follow up during isolation). Exclusion criteria 1. Known history of ivermectin allergy. 2. Hypersensitivity to any component of ivermectin. 3. COVID‐19 pneumonia. Diagnosed by the attending physician. Identified in a chest X‐ray. 4. Fever or cough present for more than 48 hours. 5. Positive IgG against SARS‐CoV‐2 by rapid diagnostic test. 6. Age under 18 or over 60 years. 7. The following co‐morbidities (or any other disease that might interfere with the study in the eyes of the PI): Immunosuppression. Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Diabetes. Hypertension. Obesity. Acute or chronic renal failure. History of coronary disease. History of cerebrovascular disease. Current neoplasm. 8. Recent travel history to countries that are endemic for Loa loa (Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Equatorial, Guinea, Gabon, Republic of Congo, Nigeria and Sudan). 9. Current use of CYP 3A4 or P‐gp inhibitor drugs such as quinidine, amiodarone, diltiazem, spironolactone, verapamil, clarithromycin, erythromycin, itraconazole, ketoconazole, cyclosporine, tacrolimus, indinavir, ritonavir or cobicistat. Use of critical CYP3A4 substrate drugs such as warfarin.*Women of child bearing age may participate if they use a safe contraceptive method for the entire period of the study and at least one month afterwards. A woman is considered to not have childbearing capacity if she is post‐menopausal (minimum of 2 years without menstruation) or has undergone surgical sterilization (at least one month before the study). The trial is currently planned at a single center, Clínica Universidad de Navarra, in Navarra (Spain), and the immunology samples will be analyzed at the Barcelona Institute for Global Health (ISGlobal), in Barcelona (Spain). Participants will be recruited by the investigators at the emergency room and/or COVID‐19 area of the CUN. They will remain in the trial for a period of 28 days at their homes since they will be patients with mild disease. In the interest of public health and to contain transmission of infection, follow‐up visits will be conducted in the participant's home by a clinical trial team comprising nursing and medical members. Home visits will assess clinical and laboratory parameters of the patients. Intervention and comparator: Ivermectin will be administered to the treatment group at a 400μg/Kg dose (included in the EU approved label of Stromectol and Scabioral). The control group will receive placebo. There is no current data on the efficacy of ivermectin against the virus in vivo, therefore the use of placebo in the control group is ethically justified. Main outcomes: Primary Proportion of patients with a positive SARS‐CoV‐2 PCR from a nasopharyngeal swab at day 7 post‐treatment. Secondary 1. Mean viral load as determined by PCR cycle threshold (Ct) at baseline and on days 4, 7, 14, and 21. 2. Proportion of patients with fever and cough at days 4, 7, 14, and 21 as well as proportion of patients progressing to severe disease or death during the trial. 3. Proportion of patients with seroconversion at day 21. 4. Proportion of drug‐related adverse events during the trial. 5. Median levels of IgG, IgM, IgA measured by Luminex, frequencies of innate and SARS‐CoV‐2‐specific T cells assessed by flow cytometry, median levels of inflammatory and activation markers measured by Luminex and transcriptomics. 6. Median kinetics of IgG, IgM, IgA levels during the trial, until day 28. Randomisation: Eligible patients will be allocated in a 1:1 ratio using a randomization list generated by the trial statistician using blocks of four to ensure balance between the groups. A study identification code with the format "SAINT‐##" (##: from 01 to 24) will be generated using a sequence of random numbers so that the randomization number does not match the subject identifier. The sequence and code used will be kept in an encrypted file accessible only to the trial statistician. A physical copy will be kept in a locked cabinet at the CUN, accessible only to the person administering the drug who will not enrol or attend to patient care. A separate set of 24 envelopes for emergency unblinding will be kept in the study file. Blinding (masking): The clinical trial team and the patients will be blinded. The placebo will not be visibly identical, but it will be administered by staff not involved in the clinical care or participant follow up. Numbers to be randomised (sample size): The sample size is 24 patients: 12 participants will be randomised to the treatment group and 12 participants to the control group. Trial Status: Current protocol version: 1.0 dated 16 of April 2020. Recruitment is envisioned to begin by May 14th and end by June 14th. Trial registration: EudraCT number: 2020‐001474‐29, registered April 1st. Clinicaltrials.gov: submitted, pending number Full protocol: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol.
 Efficacy and Safety of Ocudox Lid Wipes Compared to Traditional Lid Cleaning;  In a multicentre study involving 71 eyes, reported at a conference abstract (ARVO), Avenova (similar ingredients as Ocudox) reduces bacteria on ocular skin surface by more than 90% without altering the diversity of bacteria on the ocular skin surface in any significant way. This lowering of the bacterial load was particularly noteworthy for all staphylococci, including S. epidermidis, the most frequently recovered species. At 20 minutes following treatment, 138 unique bacterial strains belonging to 26 different species were recovered. However, the efficacy of anti‐microbial action has not been compared to the gold standard of a single wipe with povidone iodine solution. Investigator intend to compare pre and post treatment of Ocudox and a single use of povidine iodine solution at Day 14 in terms of the alteration of the conjunctival microbiome of the eye and the effect on the ocular surface. Clinical significance The study has implications on the prophylaxis of infection in many common ophthalmic procedures conducted in Singapore National Eye Centre and many places in the world. 1. OBJECTIVES The aim of this study is to compare pre and post‐treatment of the application of Ocudox to a single use of povidine iodine solution at Day 14in terms of the alteration of the conjunctival microbiome and the integrity of the eye. 2. EXPECTED RIKS AND BENEFITS There would be no expected risk involved as all the evaluations are non‐invasive. However, there will be some slight discomfort from measure tear volume or tear collection (Schirmer's strips) and also slight discomfort from culturing procedure. There are no known benefits from participation in this study. However, this project may have the potential to prevent infection in many common ophthalmic procedures conducted in Singapore National Eye Centre and many places in the world. 3. STUDY POPULATION 3.1. List the number and nature of subjects to be enrolled. Due to the nature of the preliminary study, six participants with Meibomian Gland Dysfunction (MGD) will be recruited from Singapore National Eye Centre. Participants will be randomised into either Ocudox group or single use povidine iodine solution. n= 3 (Ocudox group) n= 3 (Single use povidine iodine solution) 3.2. Criteria for Recruitment and Recruitment Process 1. Participants meet all the inclusion criteria listed below. 2. Clear of exclusion criteria. Permission would be sought from the attending doctors before participants are being recruited. Eligible participants will be counselled on the study by the study coordinator. If the participant is interested, the study coordinator will then accompany the participant to SERI level 5 for the relevant assessments. Informed written consent will be obtained from all participants. 3.3. Inclusion Criteria Participants must meet all of the inclusion criteria to participate in this study. 1. Participants must be 50 to 60 years old with Meibomian Gland Dysfunction (MGD) 2. Clear of exclusion criteria 3. Willing to perform all eye examinations in this study 3.4. Exclusion Criteria Participants meeting any of the exclusion criteria will be excluded from this study. 1. Participants diagnosed with diabetes 2. No recent eye surgery or eye procedure within 1 month 3. Participants who are unsuitable for Oculus K5M recording such as musculoskeletal problems 4. Participants who are unable to tolerate Oculus K5M recording machine 5. Is pregnant, lactating or planning a pregnancy 6. Any other specified reason as determined by clinical investigator 4. STUDY DESIGN AND PROCEDURES/METHODOLOGY This is a randomised interventional trial with Ocudox eyelid wipes and povidine iodine solution. Study visits and duration: Trial arms No. of study visits Study duration Ocudox eyelid wipes 3 21±3 days Povidine iodine solution 3 21±3 days Recruitment duration: One year Treatment arms and randomisation: There will be 2 trial arms (parallel groups) in this study: A. Ocudox eyelid wipes n=3 B. Povidine iodine solution n=3 Randomisation and Blinding The randomisation procedure used will entail: 1. Presence of two witnesses 2. Drawing of lots 3. Randomization codes for the 2 groups will be noted. For e.g. 001A, 002B, etc. 4. Study information related to randomisation will be filed and kept at SERI 5. Only unblinded personnel have access to the randomization code file There will be blinded and unblinded study team members in this study. Blinded study team members will only be performing the procedures as described below. Unblinded study team members will dispense the study product, counsel participants on directions for using Ocudox eyelid wipes and also to clean the eyelid and conjunctiva if randomised to Povidone Iodine, Directions for using Ocudox eyelid wipes: Participant who received Ocudox eyelid wipes will be instructed to clean the eyelid according to manufacturer's protocol during the study period (twice a day). A diary chart will be given to all participants at the end of baseline visit. Participants will be asked to fill up the diary chart whenever Ocudox eyelid wipes was used. Directions for cleaning with Povidone Iodine: • Pour 10ml of 10% Povidone Iodine into a 50ml Falcon tube. ‐ Dilute 10% of Povidone Iodine to 5% by pouring 10ml of saline and 10ml of Povidone Iodine into a 50ml Falcon tube ‐ Prepare gauze and dip into the 10% Povidone Iodine solution ‐ Clean participant's exterior eye at least 2‐3 times ‐ Next, flush the interior of the participant's eye with 5% Povidone Iodine ‐ Using a pasture pipette, flush the interior of the participant's eye ‐ Wait for 5 minutes ‐ After 5 minutes, rinse off with saline solution ‐ Thereafter, wait for 1 minute before adding tetracaine ‐ After adding tetracaine, wait for another minute before collection of microbiome swab. Equipment used: Oculus Keratograph 5M will be used on the baseline visit and post‐treatment visits. Workflow procedure: Ocular symptoms will be examined subjectively using standard patient evaluation of eye dryness (SPEED). Oculus Keratograph 5M will be conducted to assess tear meniscal height (TMH), conjunctival redness and Non‐invasive Tear Break‐Up time (NIKBUT). Meibomain gland evaluator will be used to assess the number of expressible glands. Bacteria on the eye surface will be cultured from one of the conjunctivas (white part of the eyes) and Schirmers I test will carry out to examine tear secretion and tear collection. Outcomes: Differences in Tear Meniscus Height, Ocular Redness, Non‐invasive Tear Break‐up time readings and findings of DNA/RNA between study visits and study groups. Figure 2. Study workflow Details of study procedures shown below: i) SPEED questionnaires Investigator will use the previously validated standard patient evaluation of eye dryness (SPEED) questionnaire, which consists of 2 questions on frequency and severity of dry eye graded on a scale of 0‐3 on frequency, and grades 0‐4 on severity. Scores from all sub‐questions will be added, and the greater the total score (0‐28), the more frequent or severe the dry eye (2). Analysis: Investigator intend to compare composition of known microbes at the specie and genus level after obtaining the reads in the non‐human DNA metagenomics signatures. ii) Non‐invasive tear break‐up time Both Oculus Keratograph 5M (Oculus, Wetzlar, Germany) will be used to perform the non‐invasive tear break up time (NIKBUT) (3). Briefly, seated patients blink freely while fixing on a target ahead. Once ready, patients blink twice and then refrain from further blinking. The fully automated instrument will capture any break or distortion in the image of the projected rings on the cornea and the timings will be automatically recorded. One reading will be taken per eye (4). iii) Conjunctiva redness & Tear meniscus height Oculus Keratograph 5M (Oculus, Wetzlar, Germany) will be used to measure conjunctival redness. After scanning the ocular surface and images captured, grading of the conjunctival hyperemia (0‐4) will be automatically performed with subtraction of major conjunctival blood vessels, and temporal bulbar, nasal bulbar and average readings will be obtained. Higher redness scores indicate more hyperemia(5). Height of the tear meniscus can be measured by dragging the ruler option icon and the measured value will appear in mm. iv) Meibomain Gland Evaluator Meibomian glands will be assessed by gently squeezing the lower eyelids using a device that delivers standardised pressure to the eyelids (Meibomian gland expresser, TearScience, France). Texture of the expressed secretion will be graded as liquid or viscous. The number of expressible glands will be recorded. v) Collection of microbiome One specimens of microbiome will be collected from both eyes First: a drop of non‐preserved tetracaine will be instilled into the conjunctival fornix. After the stinging sensation has resolved, a sterile cotton swap will be used to collect the microbes from the lower conjunctival fornix using a gentle rolling action (up to 8 strokes). The procedure is then repeated for the opposite eye. These swaps will then be soaked in DNA/RNA Shield (Zymo) reagent and immediately homogenised for 1 minute, stop at 30 seconds, and keep on ice for 1 minute, and homogenized for another 30 seconds. Homogenised samples will be stored at 4°C. This ensures an optimal and sufficient DNA/RNA yield for our purpose. Subsequent nucleic acid extraction, PCR, sequencing, and bioinformatics procedures will be performed by our collaborators. Storage: intended to be analysed within a year, not more than 5 years. vi) Schirmers I test Schirmer I test will be done with the standard 5 mm wide Test Strips (Clement Clark) with a notch for folding, without prior anaesthesia. The strips will be positioned over the inferior temporal half of the lower lid margin in both eyes, and participants' eyes will then close. The extent of the wetting will be recorded after 5 minutes, and strips stored at ‐80˚C until further analysis(7).
 Plasma levels of leptine and growth hormone after auricular and body electro acupuncture combine with low calorie diet for weight reduction in patients;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: The first group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet. Intervention 2: The second group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus body electro acupuncture. Intervention 3: The third group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus sham body electro acupuncture. Intervention 4: The fourth group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus auricular acupuncture. Intervention 5: The fifth group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus sham auricular acupuncture. Placebo The fifth group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus sham auricular acupuncture The first group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet The fourth group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus auricular acupuncture The second group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus body electro acupuncture The third group consist of 50 over weight and obese subjects with low‐calorie diet plus sham body electro acupuncture Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: All neoplasms, whether functionally active or not, are classified in Chapter II. Appropriate codes in this chapter (i.e. E05.8, E07.0, E16‐E31, E34.‐) may be used, if desired, as additional codes to indicate either functional activity by neoplasms and ect Obesity and overweight. ; All neoplasms, whether functionally active or not, are classified in Chapter II. Appropriate codes in this chapter (i.e. E05.8, E07.0, E16‐E31, E34.‐) may be used, if desired, as additional codes to indicate either functional activity by neoplasms and ect PRIMARY OUTCOME: Blood pressure. Timepoint: 1/5 months and 3 months after bigining the study. Method of measurement: Mercury pressure indicator. Waist, hips, abdomen, ankles circumstance. Timepoint: 1/5 months and 3 months after biging the study. Method of measurement: meter. Weight and BMI. Timepoint: 1/5 months and 3 months after biging the study. Method of measurement: Body composition analyzer BC_418 (TANITA). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Biochemical parameters. Timepoint: 1.5 month. Method of measurement: Radioimmunoassay method. Leptin hormone and grouth hormone. Timepoint: 1.5 month. Method of measurement: ELISA method. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: obese men and women; age between 18 to 50 without any history of illness. Exclusion criteria: Diabetes; sever hypertension; cardiac disease; endocrine abnormalities and women who were in gestation and lactation periods.
 The effect of green coffee extract in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease;  INTERVENTION: Intervention 1: Intervention Group: Intake of Green coffee extract 200 mg capsules two times a day, Prepared by Bonian Salamat Kasra company, for 8 weeks. Intervention 2: Placebo groups: Intake a Placebo capsule containing 200 mg of starch, which is similar to green coffee extract supplement in terms of dosage, color and size, twice a day for 8 weeks. Intervention Group: Intake of Green coffee extract 200 mg capsules two times a day, Prepared by Bonian Salamat Kasra company, for 8 weeks. Placebo groups: Intake a Placebo capsule containing 200 mg of starch, which is similar to green coffee extract supplement in terms of dosage, color and size, twice a day for 8 weeks. Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Fatty liver Non‐alcoholic fatty liver. ; Fatty liver PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body Mass Index. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: (weight/(Height)2),. Fasting Blood sugar. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometery. Insulin. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: ELISA. Liver Echogenicity. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: Liver sonography. Liver Enzymes (Alanine aminotransferase, Aspartate aminotransferase). Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: Spectrophotometery. Serum leptin level. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: ELISA. Waist Circumference. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: Cm. SECONDARY OUTCOME: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Timepoint: Beginning and eighth week of the study. Method of measurement: By Mercury Barometer. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Nonalcoholic fatty liver (observation of liver steatosis on Sonographic image); The age range of 20‐50 years in women and 20‐60 years in men; Body mass index greater than 25 and less than 35 kilogram per Square meters. Exclusion criteria of study: Alcohol intake; Gestation; Lactation and Menopause; Loss Weight Diet; Anemia; Very active or Athlete; history or current diagnosis of Cardiovascular disease; history or current diagnosis of Gastrointestinal disease and Diabetes; history or current diagnosis of Pulmonary disease; history or current diagnosis of Renal disease; Liver transplantation and other liver diseases and chronic or acute liver disease (Hepatitis A, B, ...); Biliary impairments; Biliary Stone or Kidney Stone; Autoimmune disease; Cancers; Inherited disorders affecting liver condition; Consumption drugs hepatotoxic; Anticoagulant; Vitamins supplement such as A, E, C and omega3; Estrogen and Oral Contraceptive drugs.
 Testing the efficacy and safety of BIO101, for the prevention of respiratory deterioration, in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia (COVA study): a structured summary of a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial;  Objectives: As of December, 1st, 2020, coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID‐19) caused by SARS‐CoV‐2, resulted in more than 1 472 917 deaths worldwide and death toll is still increasing exponentially. Many COVID‐19 infected people are asymptomatic or experience moderate symptoms and recover without medical intervention. However, older people and those with comorbid hypertension, diabetes, obesity, or heart disease are at higher risk of mortality. Because current therapeutic options for COVID‐19 patients are limited specifically for this elderly population at risk, Biophytis is developing BIO101 (20‐hydroxyecdysone, a Mas receptor activator) as a new treatment option for managing patients with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection at the severe stage. The angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) serves as a receptor for SARS‐CoV‐2. Interaction between ACE2 and SARS‐CoV2 spike protein seems to alter the function of ACE2, a key player in the renin‐angiotensin system (RAS). The clinical picture of COVID‐19 includes acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), cardiomyopathy, multiorgan dysfunction and shock, all of which might result from an imbalance of the RAS. We propose that RAS balance could be restored in COVID‐19 patients through MasR activation downstream of ACE2 activity, with 20‐hydroxyecdysone (BIO101) a non‐peptidic Mas receptor (MasR) activator. Indeed, MasR activation by 20‐hydroxyecdysone harbours anti‐inflammatory, anti‐thrombotic, and anti‐fibrotic properties. BIO101, a 97% pharmaceutical grade 20‐hydroxyecdysone could then offer a new therapeutic option by improving the respiratory function and ultimately promoting survival in COVID‐19 patients that develop severe forms of this devastating disease. Therefore, the objective of this COVA study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of BIO101, whose active principle is 20‐hydroxyecdysone, in COVID‐19 patients with severe pneumonia. Trial design: Randomized, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, multi‐centre, group sequential and adaptive which will be conducted in 2 parts. Part 1: Ascertain the safety and tolerability of BIO101 and obtain preliminary indication of the activity of BIO101, in preventing respiratory deterioration in the target population Part 2: Re‐assessment of the sample size needed for the confirmatory part 2 and confirmation of the effect of BIO101 observed in part 1 in the target population. The study is designed as group sequential to allow an efficient run‐through, from obtaining an early indication of activity to a final confirmation. And adaptive – to allow accumulation of early data and adapt sample size in part 2 in order to inform the final design of the confirmatory part of the trial. Participants: Inclusion criteria1.Age: 45 and above2.A confirmed diagnosis of COVID‐19 infection, within the last 14 days, prior to randomization, as determined by PCR or other approved commercial or public health assay, in a specimen as specified by the test used.3.Hospitalized, in observation or planned to be hospitalized due to COVID‐19 infection symptoms with anticipated hospitalization duration ≥3 days4.With evidence of pneumonia based on all of the following:a.Clinical findings on a physical examinationb.Respiratory symptoms developed within the past 7 days5.With evidence of respiratory decompensation that started not more than 4 days before start of study medication and present at screening, meeting one of the following criteria, as assessed by healthcare staff:a.Tachypnea: ≥25 breaths per minuteb.Arterial oxygen saturation ≤92%c.A special note should be made if there is suspicion of COVID‐19‐related myocarditis or pericarditis, as the presence of these is a stratification criterion6.Without a significant deterioration in liver function tests:a.ALT and AST ≤ 5x upper limit of normal (ULN)b.Gamma‐glutamyl transferase (GGT) ≤ 5x ULNc.Total bilirubin ≤ 5×ULN7.Willing to participate and able to sign an informed consent form (ICF). Or, when relevant, a legally authorized representative (LAR) might sign the ICF on behalf of the study participant8.Female participants should be: at least 5 years post‐menopausal (i.e., persistent amenorrhea 5 years in the absence of an alternative medical cause) or surgically sterile; ORa.Have a negative urine pregnancy test at screeningb.Be willing to use a contraceptive method as outlined in inclusion criterion 9 from screening to 30 days after last dose.9.Male participants who are sexually active with a female partner must agree to the use of an effective method of birth control throughout the study and until 3 months after the last administration of the investigational product. (Note: medically acceptable methods of contraception that may be used by the participant and/or partner include combined oral contraceptive, contraceptive vaginal ring, contraceptive injection, intrauterine device, etonogestrel implant, each supplemented with a condom, as well as sterilization and vasectomy).10.Female participants who are lactating must agree not to breastfeed during the study and up to 14 days after the intervention.11.Male participants must agree not to donate sperm for the purpose of reproduction throughout the study and until 3 months after the last administration of the investigational product.12.For France only: Being affiliated with a European Social Security. Exclusion criteria1.Not needing or not willing to remain in a healthcare facility during the study2.Moribund condition (death likely in days) or not expected to survive for >7 days – due to other and non‐COVID‐19 related conditions3.Participant on invasive mechanical ventilation via an endotracheal tube, or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), or high‐flow Oxygen (delivery of oxygen at a flow of ≥16 L/min.).4.Participant is not able to take medications by mouth (as capsules or as a powder, mixed in water).5.Disallowed concomitant medication: Consumption of any herbal products containing 20‐hydroxyecdysone and derived from Leuzea carthamoides; Cyanotis vaga or Cyanotis arachnoidea is not allowed (e.g. performance enhancing agents).6.Any known hypersensitivity to any of the ingredients, or excipients of the study medication, BIO101.7.Renal disease requiring dialysis, or known renal insufficiency (eGFR≤30 mL/min/1.73 m2, based on Cockcroft & Gault formula).8.In France only:a.Non‐affiliation to compulsory French social security scheme (beneficiary or right‐holder).b.Being under tutelage or legal guardianship. Participants will be recruited from approximately 30 clinical centres in Belgium, France, the UK, USA and Brazil. Maximum patients’ participation in the study will last 28 days. Follow‐up of participants discharged from hospital will be performed through post‐intervention phone calls at 14 (± 2) and 60 (± 4) days. Intervention and comparator: Two treatment arms will be tested in this study: interventional arm 350 mg b.i.d. of BIO101 (AP 20‐hydroxyecdysone) and placebo comparator arm 350 mg b.i.d of placebo. Administration of daily dose is the same throughout the whole treatment period. Participants will receive the study medication while hospitalized for up to 28 days or until a clinical endpoint is reached (i.e., ‘negative’ or ‘positive’ event). Participants who are officially discharged from hospital care will no longer receive study medication. Main outcomes: Primary study endpoint: The proportion of participants with ‘negative’ events up to 28 days. ‘Negative’ events are defined as respiratory deterioration and all‐cause mortality. For the purpose of this study, respiratory deterioration will be defined as any of the following:Requiring mechanical ventilation (including cases that will not be intubated due to resource restrictions and triage).Requiring extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO).Requiring high‐flow oxygen defined as delivery of oxygen at a flow of ≥16 L/min. Only if the primary endpoint is significant at the primary final analysis the following Key secondary endpoints will be tested in that order:Proportion of participants with events of respiratory failure at Day 28Proportion of participants with ‘positive’ events at Day 28.Proportion of participants with events of all‐cause mortality at Day 28 A ‘positive’ event is defined as the official discharge from hospital care by the department due to improvement in participant condition. Secondary and exploratory endpoints: In addition, a variety of functional measures and biomarkers (including the SpO2 / FiO2 ratio, viral load and markers related to inflammation, muscles, tissue and the RAS / MAS pathways) will also be collected. Randomization: Randomization is performed using an IBM clinical development IWRS system during the baseline visit. Block‐permuted randomization will be used to assign eligible participants in a 1:1 ratio.In part 1, randomization will be stratified by RAS pathway modulator use (yes/no) and co‐morbidities (none vs. 1 and above).In Part 2, randomization will be stratified by centre, gender, RAS pathway modulator use (yes/no), co‐morbidities (none vs. 1 and above), receiving Continuous Positive Airway Pressure/Bi‐level Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP/BiPAP) at study entry (Yes/No) and suspicion of COVID‐19 related myocarditis or pericarditis (present or not). Blinding (masking): Participants, caregivers, and the study team assessing the outcomes are blinded to group assignment. All therapeutic units (TU), BIO101 b.i.d. or placebo b.i.d., cannot be distinguished in compliance with the double‐blind process. An independent data‐monitoring committee (DMC) will conduct 2 interim analyses. A first one based on the data from part 1 and a second from the data from parts 1 and 2. The first will inform about BIO101 safety, to allow the start of recruitment into part 2 followed by an analysis of the efficacy data, to obtain an indication of activity. The second interim analysis will inform about the sample size that will be required for part 2, in order to achieve adequate statistical power. Numbers to be randomised (sample size) Number of participants randomized: up to 465, in totalPart 1: 50 (to obtain the proof of concept in COVID‐19 patients).Part 2: 310, potentially increased by 50% (up to 465, based on interim analysis 2) (to confirm the effects of BIO101 observed in part 1). Trial Status: The current protocol Version is V 10.0, dated on 24.09.2020. The recruitment that started on September 1st 2020 is ongoing and is anticipated to finish for the whole study by March2021. Trial registration: The trial was registered before trial start in trial registries: EudraCT, No. 2020‐001498‐63, registered May 18, 2020; and Clinicaltrials.gov, identifier NCT04472728, registered July 15, 2020. Full protocol: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol.
 PRAGUE-25 Trial. Catheter Ablation vs. AADs and Risk Factor Modification;  GOALS OF THE PROJECT The aim of our study is to compare the effect of the invasive strategy (catheter ablation) of atrial fibrillation with non‐invasive strategy (non‐amiodarone antiarrhythmic drugs with risk factor modification) in a prospective, multicenter, randomized, non‐inferiority study. The main hypothesis is that strict risk factor modification (weight loss, physical exercise improvement, and alcohol reduction) with AADs in patients with AF will be associated with similar rhythm outcomes as catheter ablation. Beside the AF‐recurrence as the primary endpoint, the secondary endpoints will be the AF burden (assessed using repeated Holter recordings), change in cardiorespiratory exercise (assessed using cardiopulmonary exercise test), MRI endpoints (diffuse myocardial fibrosis, epicardial adipose tissue), QoL (assessed using specific questionaiires), and metabolic endpoints (lipids, pro‐inflammatory cytokines), JUSTIFICATION OF THE PROJECT The main reason for the project is the large and ever‐increasing number of AF patients, especially in light of the significant incidence of obesity in AF patients. Keeping in mind the high number of AF patients (≈ 2% of the population), its increasing incidence and prevalence, even if CAs were associated with a 100% success rate, it would be impossible to treat all AF patients using CA. A significant portion of patients with AF are obese. For instance, the median BMI was 29.2 in the EAST‐AFNET Trial and 30 in the CABANA Trial. Furthermore, and this is the second reason for the project, a significant portion of AF patients are afraid of invasive procedures and would prefer a noninvasive approach if the efficacy of this approach is known. The third reason is to compare the effect of these two different methods on the structural and metabolic abnormalities associated with AF and obesity METHODS The study is planned as prospective, multicenter, randomized, non‐inferiority trial comparing two different approaches in the treatment of AF. Symptomatic AF patients indicated for rhythm control strategy (i.e. restoriation and maintenance of SR) will be enrolled and randomized to catheter ablation or risk factor modification. Study population ‐ inclusion criteria (all of three have to be met for enrollment) (i) symptomatic AF (paroxysmal, persistent, or long‐standing persistent), and (ii) BMI ≥ 30, and (iii) signed informed content Study population ‐ exclusion criteria: ‐ permanent AF ‐ severe valve disease (significant aortic stenosis, mitral regurgitation ≥ 3) ‐ left ventricular ejection fraction < 40% ‐ severe pulmonary hypertension (PAP > 40 mm Hg) ‐ history of tachycardia‐induced cardiomyopathy ‐ planned revascularization ‐ pregnancy ‐ left atrial size ≥ 60 mm ‐ BMI less than 30, or BMI ≥ 40 ‐ indication for surgical treatment of obesity ‐ age ≥ 75 let ‐ a significant physical limitation that could affect physical activity (musculoskeletal disorders, COPD) ‐ life expectancy less than 2 years Patients with significant structural heart disease (left ventricular dysfunction, significant valve disease, moderate or severe pulmonary hypertension, significant left atrial dilation) will be excluded. Also, patients who could not actively participate (musculoskeletal disorders, heart failure, patients older than 75 years) in regular physical activity will be excluded. Diabetes will be an exclusion criterion because of significant interference associated with antidiabetic medication relative to some of the endpoints. BASELINE DIAGNOSTIC EXAMINATION After informed content is given, all patients will undergo baseline anthropometric measurements and baseline examinations. It will include (1) baseline evaluation of physical fitness ‐ functional diagnostic, (2) echocardiography, (3) quality of life analysis, (4) blood biochemistry and cytokine analysis, and (5) a baseline one‐week ECG Holter recording, (6) cardiac MRI. All these examinations will be done within four weeks after randomization. Functional diagnostic (anthropometric measurement and cardiopulmonary exercise test) After enrollment, standard anthropometric measurements will be gathered, i.e., height, weight, percentage of body fat, and waist‐to‐hip ratio measurements. Functional diagnostics will be performed in all patients. Based on the results of functional diagnostics, an individualized and optimized physical training program will be prepared in patients randomized to the RFM arm. An initial maximum symptom limited cardiopulmonary exercise test (CEPT) will be carried out within one month of enrollment. Cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) CMR will be done using 1.5 Tesla scanners located at each of the three participating centers. Before CMR evaluation, the ventricular rate will be optimized with a target ventricular rate < 100/min. RANDOMIZATION Patients will be randomized to the catheter ablation group (CA) or risk factor modification group plus AADs (RFM) in a 1:1 ratio; randomization will be done using randomization software that will account for age, initial BMI, and AF type, with the goal of having comparable groups relative to those characteristics. The randomization process will be done outside all participating centers. TREEATMENTS A. Catheter ablation (CA) arm CA will be done within two months of randomization. In patients with paroxysmal AF, a PVI will be performed. In patients with non‐paroxysmal AF forms, additional lesion sets, except for a PVI, will be allowed according to the practice of each participating center. The CA will be done using a 3D mapping system, intracardiac echocardiography, contact‐force sensing ablation catheters, and ablation index to achieve the maximum available safety and to allow for the delivery of maximally effective ablation lesions. During the study course, several centers have started to prefer pulsed‐field ablation. Per amendment, pentaspline pulsed‐field ablation catheter with corresponding pulsed‐field energy generator can be used for catheter abaltion. Similarly as with radiofrequency ablation, the goal will be to effectivelly isolate pulmonary vein. Based on the discretion of the operator, additional lesions could be done. The first three months following catheter ablation will be considered as a "blanking period," i.e., AF reoccurrences won´t be assessed as an endpoint. If AF reoccurs during this period, treatment using AADs or cardioversion will be allowed. Three months after ablation, AADs will be discontinued. B. Risk factor modification and antiarrhythmic drugs arm (RFM arm) The aim will be (1) a 10% weight loss over 6‐12 months,(2) an increase in physical fitness, and (3) a reduction in alcohol consumption. Nutritional intervention: the initial patient consultations with nutritional specialists will be done during the first month after enrollment. A low‐calorie, high protein, and low glycemic index dietary menu will be suggested and optimized by a nutritional specialist for each patient. Patients will have regular consultations with dietary specialists at least once a month during in‐person visits in the early follow‐up or by phone visits later during the follow‐up; however, non‐planned dietary consultations will be available every working day by calling a dietary specialist or using mobile application. Moreover, patients will be encouraged to record the calory intake in the OBEFIS application (either on the web www.obefis.cz, or using the mobile application) on a daily basis, and the recordings will be discussed during the visits with dietary specialists. All patients will have an initial consultation with a physiotherapist (after the CPET) to set the type and intensity of the physical intervention. The recommended physical intervention will consist of three types of activities: (1) regular gym‐based training (in small groups or individual training with trainer),(2i) individual aerobic training (fast walking or similar aerobic activity), and (3) home‐based training: 20 min physical exercise sets. The type and ratio of the aforementioned physical exercises will be changed over the study period. In the first three months, there will be more emphasis on regular gym‐based training under surveillance. The goal will be to teach patients how to properly perform all the exercises as well as assisting patients in getting used to regular exercise. At the end of the third month, the majority of patients should be accustomed to regular physical activity; the ratio of types of physical activities will be changed to a greater emphasis on individual physical activity. However, based on the patient´s experiences with physical activity in the past, and their options regarding participation in the organized training, activities will be individualized, and some patients may start the physical activity program individually without previous participation in group‐based or surveillance‐based training. The intensity and frequency will be set individually based on initial CPET. The ESC guidelines for obese individuals recommend that a minimum of 150 min/week of moderate‐intensity endurance exercise training should be combined with three weekly sessions of resistance exercise with the heart rate during the activity being 55‐74% of the maximum HR (31). As such, the physical intervention will be based on regular (mainly moderate, 55‐74% of the maximum HR) intensity aerobic exercise that will be gradually increased from 60 min/week up to 200 min/week (in some individuals up to 300 min/week), and then continued until the end of the study. Patients will be taught how to use their optimal heart rate for aerobic exercise; for moderate‐intensity training, the heart rate during the activity should be 55‐74% of the max. HR. They will also be warned about exceeding their maximum possible heart rate (i.e., not exceeding 85% of the maximum heart rate). Since it is known that the adherence of patients to regular activity is affected by activity monitoring, all patients will have an opportunity to be monitored during each exercise using remote heart rate monitoring (fitness bands) and the OBEFIS smartphone application. It also allows monitoring of the heart rate during activity and an online discussion with therapists during the follow‐up period. For patients in the RFM arm, contrary to patients in the CA arm, non‐amiodarone AADs will be allowed during the whole study period. The reoccurrence as AF/AT as an endpoint will be considered starting at the 6‐month visit, including a 7‐day Holter, which is scheduled to be done at the 6‐month visit. In both arms, in case of a reoccurrence of symptomatic AF or atrial tachycardia (AT), re‐do ablations, cardioversion, or AADs treatment during the follow‐up period will be allowed in accordance with the current guidelines and practices of participating centers. However, because the indication for the aforementioned procedures or AAD initiation will be a reoccurrence of AF or AT, it will be assessed as the primary endpoint (i.e., AF reoccurrence). OUTPATIENT FOLLOW‐UP The follow‐up protocol and ECG monitoring will be similar for both arms. Starting on the day of the catheter ablation (D0 in the ablation arm), or at the start of the metabolic activity (D0 in the RFM arm, approx. 3‐4 weeks after randomization), follow‐up visits will be scheduled at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months during the first year, and then every six months. At the 3‐month follow‐up visit, patients in AF (from both groups) will undergo electrical cardioversion. A routine 12‐lead ECG will be recorded at each follow‐up visit, along with a physical examination of the patient and a medical history update. Long‐term ECG recording will be done using a 7‐day Holter recording at baseline, and then at the 6, 9, and 12 months visits during the first year, and then every six months in the second and third years. Baseline 7‐day ECG Holter recordings will be done in all patients after enrollment and within the first three weeks for patients on antiarrhythmics before study entry; this will serve as background for comparisons of AF burden. The first three months in the CA arm and the first six months in the RFM arm will serve the blanking period. Starting at 3M (CA) or 6 M control (RFM) control, any reoccurrence of AF/AT will be considered an endpoint. At the 12‐month follow‐up visit, echocardiography, MRI examination, anthropometric measurements, and CPET will be done. Blood will be drawn for cytokine analysis, and patients will also be asked to complete follow‐up QoL questionnaires. ENDPOINT MONITORING The AF reoccurrence will be detected either using planned 7‐day Holter recordings (at the 6, 9, and 12 m visits), during all planned outpatient visits using a standard 12‐lead ECG, and any time during the follow‐up at an emergency non‐planned visit also using a standard 12‐lead ECG (starting at the three‐month visit in the CA arm and the six‐month visit in the RFM arm). The occurrence of AF > 30 sec during planned 7‐day Holter recordings, either planned or emergency, a non‐planned visit will be assessed as a primary endpoint. Importantly, during all outpatient in‐person visits, AF reoccurrence has to be documented using an ECG (i.e., a patient´s description of "palpitations" without ECG evidence will not be assessed as AF reoccurrence). STUDY OUTCOMES Primary endpoints: 1) AF reoccurrence (any AF or atrial tachycardia lasting more than 30 sec) SECONDARY OUTCOMES 1. AF burden: calculated using all Holter recordings as a percentage of time spent in AF or AT 2. AF reoccurrence and AF burden at the 12‐month visit 3. Hospitalization for AF reoccurrence and/or emergency room visit due to AF 4. A composite of stroke, cardiovascular death, or hospitalization for heart failure 5. Changes in QoL questionnaires between baseline and 12 months 6. Change in cardiorespiratory fitness as assessed using CPET between baseline and 12 months (ml/kg/min) 7. Metabolic endpoint: changes in weight, fasting glucose, lipid levels, glycated hemoglobin, and cytokines associated with inflammation and atrial function (interleukin‐6, natriuretic peptides) 8. Imaging endpoints: change in the amoubnt of EAT and % in ventricular fibrosis between baseline and the 12‐month examination (MRI), and a change in left atrial parameters (echocardiography) Power calculation and statistical analysis The expected efficacy of the Catheter ablation In a meta‐analysis of RCT comparing CA with AADs, the single procedure success rate of CA OFF AADs was 57% (96%CI 50‐64%) In the CABANA trial, AF freedom was present in 63.6% of the ablation patients by 12 months. The expected one‐year AF freedom in the CA arm is ≈ 60%. The expected efficacy of AADs and RFM In a meta‐analysis of 24 randomized control trials comparing AADs with placebo, the overall success rate of AADs, defined as the disappearance of arrhythmia during follow‐up, was present in 52% (95%CI 47%‐57%) of patients on AADs. The highest efficacy was achieved using amiodarone (58%), followed by flecainide and propafenone (48%). In the CABANA trial, by 12 months, the one‐year AF freedom on AADs was present in 47.1% of patients. Finally, in the recently published STOP‐AF trial, one‐year AF freedom (assessed using repeated 24‐Hour Holter recordings) was present in 45.0% (95%CI 34.6‐54.7) of patients, but only 2% were on amiodarone, and the rest were on flecainide, sotalol and propafenone. Therefore, a one‐year AF freedom of 45% could be expected for non‐amiodarone AADs. In the LEGACY study, the achieved AF freedom significantly depended on weight loss. Relative to weight loss, patients were categorized as >10%, 3%‐9%, and < 3% weight loss. During follow‐up, 45.5% patients in the >10%, 22.2% in the 3‐9%, and 13.4% in the < 3% group remained AF‐free without AADs or ablation. In the ARREST AF, at the final follow‐up (mean duration 41 months), 32.9% of patients in the RFM arm vs. 9.7% controls remained AF‐free after a single CA procedure. No study has compared the additive effect of weight loss on top of AADs; however, an additional effect of 20% could be expected in these patients. Therefore, we expected a ≈ 65% one‐year AF freedom in the noninvasive treated patients. According to the aforementioned data, we expect one‐year AF freedom in 65% of patients in the RFM arm and 60% in the CA arm. The primary analysis will be done using the intention‐to‐treat principle; however, based on the non‐inferiority nature of the study, a per‐protocol analysis will be done. The sample size calculation assumed: 80% power, 5% one‐sided alpha, a non‐inferiority margin of 12% (or 1.65, if expressed as an odds ratio). Using this assumption, 202 patients (101 in each arm) will need to be enrolled to prove non‐inferiority of the noninvasive arm relative to the invasive arm. With an expected drop‐out rate of 5%, therefore, 212 patients will be enrolled. Study organization, randomization process and data management The institution responsible for the organization and implementation of the study is the 3rd Faculty of Medicine, Charles University in Prague, Czech Republic. Data obtained during each patient visit will be collected using a safe electronic CRF form. A tailor‐made website was developed for the study. Each participating medical center will have access to a dedicated part of the website. The database and randomization software has been prepared by an outside party (i.e., the Institute of Biostatistics and Analyses, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic), and no investigator will have access to the database or the randomization software. Safety and endpoint monitoring The local investigator at each site will continuously review safety data during the trial. A Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) will be constituted before the commencement of the trial. Reporting of adverse events will be reported to the DSMB immediately by the principal investigator. Serious adverse events (SAE) will be defined as life‐threatening events or events resulting in death or hospitalization. All SAEs linked with the study will be reported to the DSMB, to the FNKV Ethics Committee (a multicenter ethics committee, EC), and to the local ECs within 24 hours of study staff becoming aware of the event. Clinical endpoints will be analyzed by a dedicated clinical endpoint committee. The recording and analyses of all Holter recordings in all participating centers will be done centrally using an MDT (medical data transfer) company. DISCUSSION In the last five years, lifestyle modification with risk factor management has been shown to be a very promising treatment modality for AF. AF is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia, with an estimated worldwide prevalence of about 33.5 million people. According to recent epidemiological studies, its prevalence may triple by 2050 Even if catheter ablations were associated with a 100% success rate, it would be impossible to treat the current or projected numbers using catheter ablations. Furthermore, a substantial number of patients would prefer a non‐invasive treatment if both strategies were comparable. So while risk factor modification studies may seem to offer a panacea, those studies suffer from significant limitations and possible biases. For example, the most important and most extensive studies were both non‐randomized, and all patients had either a history of catheter ablation (ARREST‐AF) or were without a history of catheter ablation, but catheter ablation was allowed without limitations, based on the judgment of the attending physician during the follow‐up period (LEGACY). A randomized study that directly compares catheter ablation with a modern noninvasive strategy has yet to be done. If the effect of both strategies were comparable, the noninvasive strategy could be offered to patients with a preference for a noninvasive treatment. Only a randomized study can really answer the question of how effective lifestyle modification is supported by safe non‐amiodarone AADs compared to a modern invasive strategy. Additionally, a randomized study has the potential to show the additional effect of both strategies (effect on CMR measures or pro‐inflammatory cytokines concentrations) and to determine which patients would most likely benefit from a non‐invasive treatment, thus increasing the number of successfully treated AF patients, without the use of invasive methods.
 Efficacy of Physical Exercise on Glucose Control in People With Prediabetes;  Principal Aim. The main aim of the preset study is to compare the efficacy of 3 modalities of physical exercise on fasting plasma glucose in adults with prediabetes. Secondary Aim. The secondary aims are to evaluate the effect of different physical exercise modalities on the following variables: glycaemic variability measured continuously (24h), normalization of glycaemic values (reversal), body mass index (BMI), body composition (percentage and grams of total fat mass and muscle mass; visceral adipose tissue (VAT) waist circumference, lipid profile, inflammation markers, blood pressure and sleep duration and quality; transcriptomic markers of metabolic health assessed in peripheral blood cells (PBC). Design: The GLYCEX study (GLYcaemic Control with EXercise) is a randomised, parallel, phase II clinical trial with four arms and a duration of 15 weeks. The intervention groups will receive an exercise intervention for 15 weeks, and control group will receive general recommendations of PA, based on world health organization (WHO) recommendations. Study interventions were reported using the Template for Intervention Description and Replication (TIDieR). The present protocol was elaborated following the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Intervention Trials (SPIRIT) 2013 State‐ment. Reporting of the study will follow the CONSORT statement recommendations on RCTs. Participants' identification and recruitment will be carried out at different primary care centres that formally agreed to participate in this phase, and through posters distributed at different points of interest: hospitals, universities, primary care centers, patient associations, etc. Likewise, it will also be disseminated through social networks, such as Twitter. Interested patients will receive the information sheet, sign the written informed consent and eligibility criteria will be verified. Inclusion criteria: Adults aged 18‐65 years, with overweight (BMI >25 and <35 Kg/m2), inactive (<150 min PA/week) and with prediabetes (fasting blood glucose 100‐126 mg/dl) from primary care services in Mallorca, and who have signed the informed consent will be included. Exclusion criteria: People with uncontrolled hypertension, diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (T2D) or oral antidiabetic prescription, active cancer, terminal illness or cognitive impairment, pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, inability to perform moderate‐vigorous physical exercise for the next 3 months, major surgery or hospital admission in the last 3 months, haematological disease that interferes with HbA1c determination, presence of any condition (medical, psychological, social or geographical) current or anticipated that limits participation in the study, or participation in another clinical trial will be excluded. Description of interventions: The intervention will be designed and implemented by a sports science professional. All groups will perform a minimum of 150 minutes of moderate physical exercise per week or a minimum of 75 minutes of vigorous exercise per week, always performed under the supervision of a sports science professional. During the intervention participants will progress to 300 minutes of moderate physical activity (PA) or 150 of vigorous PA. Prior to the start of the full intervention, participants will undergo a 3‐week pre‐intervention physical conditioning. Each intervention will last 12 weeks. Before starting the intervention program, participants would be referred to a physician for medical testing and clearance. During all physical exercise sessions, participants will wear a heart rate (HR) device that will relay their HR to a laptop, from which the sports scientist will be able to control the intensity of the session. The heart rate monitor model to be used is the Polar OH1, which has been validated in previous studies. Polar HR monitors have demonstrated a high level of agreement with the electrocardiogram and can therefore be used as a valid measure of HR in both laboratory and field studies to measure HR during moderate‐to‐vigorous PA (MVPA). Three exercise modalities will be compared: 1) Aerobic training (AT), 2) AT combined with resistance training (RT) and 3) High intensive interval training (HIIT). During all intervention sessions, participants will wear a HR monitor connected to a computer. In this way, study staff will be able to control the intensity of the session and individualise exercise prescriptions in real time. Heart rate monitoring will be a key element in ensuring that each exercise is performed at the target intensity, by calculating the intensity at which each volunteer performs the exercise based on a percentage of their HR. Despite there are numerous formulas for estimating the maximum heart ratio (HRmax), studies based on meta‐analysis reported that [HRmax = 208 ‐ 0.7 × age] is a more reliable option to predict HRmax. Once the HRmax has been estimated, the Karvonen formula will be used to calculate the HR corresponding to a given percentage of intensity, for example, if we want a subject to exercise at 60% of their HRmax, it will be calculated using the Karvonen formula, which takes into account HRmax and basal heart rate (HRB), and is as follows: (HRB + % intensity desired [HRmax ‐ HRB]). This formula has been recommended for both, people with cardiac diseases and athletes due to the accurate characteristics of the formula. 1. Aerobic Training intervention (AT): Perform 50 minutes/day, 3 days/week, totalling 150 min/week at moderate intensity, as recommended by WHO, in a range of 65‐75% HRMax. Due to any form of aerobic exercise involving large muscle groups and causes sustained increases in HR is likely to be beneficial, the type of aerobic exercise will be agreed with each group of patients, varying from 4 to 8 people. There will be a choice of exercises and participants will be able to choose a combination of up to 2 different exercises. The participants' choice of the type of activity to be performed is expected to en‐courage greater adherence. The range of exercises will be brisk walking or running, swimming, and/or aerobic dancing. 2. Aerobic Training plus Resistance Training intervention (AT+RT): Perform 50 minutes/day, 3 days/week, starting with 50% of 1‐repetition maximum (1‐RM) and follow a progression of increasing loads up to 75% of 1‐RM for optimal gains in strength and insulin action. In each session, between 5 and 10 exercises will be worked on, performing 10‐15 repetitions, and progressing to 8‐10 lifting as the weight increases, involving the major muscle groups from the core, lower body and upper body. In all sessions there will be a 3‐minute warm‐up at the beginning of the session and a 2‐minute cool‐down at the end of the session. 3. High Intensive Interval Training intervention (HIIT): To be considered high intensive the heart rate needs to be above ≥85% . Perform 25 minutes/day, 3 days/week, totalling 75 min/week at a vigorous intensity, as recommended by WHO. Starting with 4 intervals lasting 1 minute keeping in a range of 85‐90% HRMax, separated by 1 minute of low intensity activity (no static) (4 × 1 min intervals.) A progression will be followed by increasing the number of circuits, up to 10 (10 × 1 min intervals). In all sessions there will be a 3‐minute warm‐up at the beginning of the session and a 2‐minute cool‐down at the end of the session. Although the target population is a sedentary population, we expect the HIIT approach, despite being high intensity, to be well received, due to its growing popularity, as demonstrated by a study in which 62% of inactive participants preferred HIIT to other types of exercise. Participants in the control group will receive written standard PA recommendations in this phase. Main dependent variable: The primary outcome variable is the change in FPG at 15 weeks of follow‐up. Secondary dependent variables: glycaemic variability, HbA1c, TG, blood pressure, body composition, waist circumference, transcriptomic biomarkers in blood and quality of life. Main independent variable The main independent variable is the assigned group. Statistical analysis Statistical analyses will be performed using R v3.3.1 and Stata v17.0 program. P‐values <0.05 will be deemed statistically significant. ‐ Descriptive analysis, labelling and data cleaning: Assessment of outliers and extreme values, detection and labelling of missing and/or non‐applicable values, and description of the distribution of each of the variables. Normality test and scatter plots. ‐ Descriptive baseline analysis: Sociodemographic characteristics and FPG and continuous blood glucose values by the 3 intervention modalities. ‐ Main analysis: This will be differentiated for each of the phases and will be done by intention‐to‐treat and per protocol analysis. A comparison of the decrease in FPG and glycaemic variability between the 3 modalities will be made. The ANOVA test will be used for both phases. If the assumptions of normality are not met, the Kruskal‐Wallis test will be applied. A crude analysis, or adjusted for baseline characteristics if necessary, will be performed using general linear models (GLM) to determine the effect of membership in each exercise group on decreasing FPG and glycaemic variability values. A similar analysis will be performed for each of the secondary dependent variables (HbA1c, TG, blood pressure, body composition, waist circumference and quality of life).
 Assessment of the effects of diclofenac suppository and intravenous acetaminophen, and the combination of them, on postoperative pain in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section;  INTERVENTION: Combination of diclofenac suppository 100 mg and 500 mg intravenous acetaminophen, based on average pain severity of patients at hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 post‐local anesthetic in recovery unit, will be prescribed. Aboureihan and DarouPakhsh pharmaceutical products Diclofenac suppositories 100 mg, based on average pain severity of patients evaluated at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, will be prescribed. Aboureihan Pharmaceutical product Intervention 1: Diclofenac suppositories 100 mg, based on average pain severity of patients evaluated at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, will be prescribed. Aboureihan Pharmaceutical product. Intervention 2: intravenous acetaminophen 1000mg? based on average pain severity of patients evaluated at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, will be prescribed. Daroupakhsh Pharmaceutical product. Intervention 3: Combination of diclofenac suppository 100 mg and 500 mg intravenous acetaminophen, based on average pain severity of patients at hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 post‐local anesthetic in recovery unit, will be prescribed. Aboureihan and DarouPakhsh pharmaceutical products. intravenous acetaminophen 1000mg? based on average pain severity of patients evaluated at Hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24 after local anesthetic in the recovery unit, will be prescribed. Daroupakhsh Pharmaceutical product Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: ?Acute Pain ?Acute Pain. ; ?Acute Pain INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients with 1 and 2 ASA class of Anesthesia; Term gestational age; absence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular; hepatic and renal disease. exclusion criteria: hypersensitivity to any drug such as acetaminophen; local anesthetics, having liver or renal disease; diabetes, and patients who used analgesic drugs (opioids, NSAID and corticosteroid)within 8 to 12 hours before the intervention PRIMARY OUTCOME: Comparison of pain severity after the intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section groups of acetaminophen, diclofenac, and the combined intravenous acetaminophen and diclofenac suppository in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: in hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24. Method of measurement: Visual Analougue Scale (VAS). Determination of pain severity before intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section in diclofenac suppository group in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: before intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Determination of pain severity before intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section in intravenous acetaminophen group in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: before intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analougue Scale(VAS). Determination of pain severity after intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section in combination of the intravenous acetaminophen and diclofenac suppository group in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: in hour 0? 2 ?4 ?6 ?12? 24. Method of measurement: Visual Analougue Scale (VAS). Determination of pain severity after intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section in group of diclofenac suppository in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: in hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24. Method of measurement: Visual Analougue Scale. Determination of pain severity after intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section in group of intravenous acetaminophen in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: in hour 0, 2, 4, 6, 12,24. Method of measurement: Visual Analougue Scale (VAS). Determination of pain severity before intervention in patients undergoing spinal anesthesia for cesarean section in combination of the intravenous acetaminophen and diclofenac suppository group in Sayyad Shirazi Hospital of Gorgan. Timepoint: before intervention. Method of measurement: Visual Analougue Scale (VAS).
 Pharmacosurveillance and Pharmacogenetics of First-line Diuretics in Hypertension: the StayOnDiur Study;  Background and rationale Many comments have been issued about similarities and differences between 2003 American and European guidelines for the management of arterial hypertension (1,2), especially after the publication of the Antihypertensive and Lipid‐Lowering Treatment to Prevent Heart Attack Trial (ALLHAT) study (3‐5). Both guidelines agree that the majority of hypertensive patients require more than one medication to achieve optimal blood pressure control and, consistent with the most recent findings, the need of expensive, large clinical trials to demonstrate the superiority of one medication on another is probably over (3,6). What is clear now is that blood pressure must be optimally controlled to reduce risk of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in population, no matter which combination of medications is used. Comparison between single medications is substantially academic and conceals the reality: in all trials, in most circumstances comparison is between combinations, more than single medications. In the Losartan Intervention for Endpoint Reduction Study (LIFE study) (6), for instance, there has been a comparison between the combination of losartan with low dose hydrochlorothiazide versus the combination of atenolol with the same diuretic. The difference between the seventh Joint National Committee (USA) on Prevention, Diagnosis and Management of Hypertension (JNC VII) and European Society of Cardiology (ESC) and European Society of Hypertension (ESH) 2003 guidelines, often presented as substantial, is in the priority that Americans still give to the diuretic therapy, consistent with the most waited results of the ALLHAT (3). The ALLHAT was a randomized, double‐blind, multicenter clinical institutional trial, entirely sponsored by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) (3), and designed to determine whether occurrence of fatal or nonfatal coronary heart disease is lower for high risk hypertensive patients treated with amlodipine, lisinopril, doxazosin, or chlorthalidone. The protocol was also approved by an independent Review Committee external to the NHLBI (7). The ALLHAT recruited 9,000‐15,000 participants/intervention arm (total: 33,357), and the follow‐up was quite long (4‐8 years). The doxazosin arm was closed prematurely because of higher mortality (8). Despite a number of important limitations of this study (4,9), the overall impact of its findings remains very high. Another relevant finding from the ALLHAT concerns the incidence of congestive heart failure that was substantially less with chlortalidone than with either amlodipine or lisinopril. There are many recurrent criticisms to all trials showing the superiority of diuretics over other medications in controlling blood pressure. First of all, worsening of glucose metabolism, due to thiazide effects, is matter of concern (4,14‐18). Also the ALLHAT authors report a higher incidence of diabetes in the diuretic group which, however, did not affect the outcome results (3). However, this concern is also sustained by recent evidence of the dangerous effect of incident diabetes in patients with arterial hypertension (15). One factor that might aggravate glucose metabolism during therapy with diuretics is the underestimated effect of hypokalemia, which interferes with glucose‐stimulated insulin release, a condition that might be aggravated by association with beta‐adrenergic block (19,20). Among other beneficial effects, including improvement in blood pressure control, correction of hypokalemia prevents or significantly reduces thiazide‐induced hyperglycemia (21‐24). It is possible that low‐dose potassium‐sparing diuretics by preventing hypokaleemia might also prevent metabolic effects of thiazide, at the same time enhancing the antihypertensive effects of thiazide (25), but, this hypothesis has never been tested in ad hoc trials. The baseline characteristics of the ALLHAT participants were substantially similar in the 3 arms completing the study. Chlortalidone was significantly more effective than both amlodipine and lisinopril in achieving optimal control of blood pressure at year 1 and year 2 and more effective than lisinopril in blood pressure control at year 3, 4 and 5 (all p<0.001). Consistent with the better control of blood pressure, chlortalidone tended to provide a 10% more protection for combined fatal and non fatal coronary heart disease than lisinopril whereas protection was similar for amlodipine, though this protection was less evident than the superiority in controlling blood pressure. In fact, the difference in risk profile versus the lisinopril arm achieved statistical significance only for elderly and African‐American participants. This follow‐up strategy also allowed an active pharmacovigilance procedure, with side effects promptly reported to the GPs, which prevented the occurrence of difference in compliance among the various antihypertensive treatments. In addition, this kind of follow‐up allowed by means of pharmacogenetic studies to demonstrate that the occurrence of side effects may be predicted from individual genotype (32). Indeed, we have recently reported that in patients bearing β2AR gene Glu27 variant or the β3AR gene Arg64 variant there was a larger occurrence of hypertriglyceridemia, alone or in combination with elevated cholesterol levels. Furthermore, the β2AR Glu27variant significantly associates with hypetriglyceridemia in a cumulative fashion. The risk of developing this side effect after β‐blockade was four‐fold higher in patients homozygous for the β2AR Glu27 variant than in β2AR27Gln allele. This result not only allowed the identification of patients at high risk to develop metabolic complications to chronic β‐blockade treatment, but also contributed to elucidate the pathophysiological mechanisms which mediate these side effects, raising the possibility to prevent them. Finally, the pharmacogenetic study is focused on characterization of polymorphisms of candidate genes associated to development of metabolic side effects of diuretics, to help understanding of mechanisms underlying these adverse events. This kind of information will help to prevent the occurrence of adverse events by the use of adeguate combination treatment, thus resulting in the further reduction of the cost of antihypertensive treatment due to the reduction of the number of patients that discontinue therapy for occurrence of adverse events. This is a multicenter, open label, randomized study to compare the effects of an antihypertensive strategy using a thiazide diuretic as first‐line, versus the use as initial therapy of other antihypertensive treatments. All the analyses will be performed by personel blinded to treatment. The study will be performed in collaboration with the Società Italiana Medicina Generale (SIMG), Sezione Campania, and the Società Italiana Ipertensione Arteriosa (SIIA), Sezione Campania. Study population. The recruitment phase will last 8 months. During this period 2600 patients will be enrolled, in the offices of 260 GPs' with documented previous experience in controlled studies, performed according to recommendations of Good Clinical Practice, and availability to access to Internet. Selected GPs will be trained to the use of the web‐based database on which they will store the required information of patients participating into the study. This training period will last a week and will be supervised by the coordinator's center. Exemplificative print outs of the web‐based CRF are available for evaluation on the web site www.campaniasalute.it. The second concern about the use of diuretics is the risk of low therapeutic compliance of hypertensive patients, due to the diuretic effect and other hypokalemia‐related side‐effects (26,27). These few reports, however, contrast with the evidence that quality of life is improved by long term therapy with diuretics (28‐30). The effort, therefore, should probably be direct toward persistence of initial treatment with diuretics, a goal that might be reached by improving the procedures of follow‐up, for instance, as we have recently proposed, by implementing internet‐based digital networks, connecting hypertension specialists with general practitioners (31). The Campania Salute (CS)network is a system that was set up in 1995 by us (31). It is an italian regional network system aimed at improving the management of essential hypertension by integrating the activity of general practitioners (GPs) with hypertension specialists. This network includes about 12.000 hypertensive patients followed by 23 outpatient hypertensive clinics allocated in different Community Hospitals in the Campania Region and 60 GPs, homogeneously allocated in the regional area, referring to the Hypertension Clinic of Federico II University Hospital in Naples (coordinating centre). GPs were randomly selected among a pool of physicians referring their patients to the Hypertension Clinic at Federico II University. Through the CS system clinical data detected at each visit can be shared between the coordinating center and the peripheral units.Low‐risk hypertensive patients continue their follow up in the peripheral units, whereas high‐risk hypertensive patients are more closely followed up by the coordinating centre, which also evaluates target organ damage and associated diseases. Patients' information is shared through on‐line access to the remote database, integrated by smartcards. The smartcard belongs to patients and contains his/her personal identification number (PIN). This PIN allows users to access the file of the patient stored in the database. Each physician has also his own PIN to access into the database, limited to his/her own patient files. Clinical data are upgraded at each visit by GPs and physicians of both peripheral centres and coordinator centre. Access to the remote database allows users to read all clinical and laboratory data, as well as tracking electrocardiography (ECG) and cardiac and vascular ultrasound images. In addition, the smartcard also works as portable database in which identification and clinical data are reported. By virtue of a central database, data of individual patients can be stored, updated and retrieved directly on‐line by participants in the project. The restricted access to individual data requires the pre‐assigned identification code of both the patient and the relevant remote units. The central database uses Wincare software (TSD Projects, Milan, Italy) which contains separate sheets for medical history, physical examination, biochemistry electrocardiography, cardiovascular ultrasound, other imaging tests and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. The last update of an individual patient's record can also be downloaded and stored in the patient's personal smartcard. We started the CS project with the aim of obtaining a stronger interaction between GPs and hypertension clinics, by providing a direct link and accessible patients' records. Blood pressure control was improved with our referral system, since better overall results were obtained if the patient was followed within the network. Indeed, at the end of the observation period, 51% of patients in the CS group had a blood pressure below 140/90 mmHg, a percentage comparable to that of patients included in clinical trials. Objectives of the study Study design This study has been designed to assess whether a follow‐up strategy based on a strict cooperation between GPs and hypertension specialists allows the use of diuretics as first‐line antihypertensive treatment with a persistence on assigned therapy equivalent to that achieved by using any other first line antihypertensive therapy. Assessment of safety and efficacy for controlling cardiovascular risk will be also performed as secondary endpoint. In fact, in contrast with trials comparing single‐drug effects, this study compares two strategies of antihypertensive management, based on either real‐word prescriptions or a regimen in which thiazide diuretics represent a forced first line antihypertensive therapy. If our hypothesis will be demonstrated diuretics might be suggested as an efficient and economic first line antihypertensive treatment, on which build up optimal antihypertensive therapy by adding other class drugs, in all patients, provided that the follow‐up procedure is based on the proposed organization. This approach will be of great utility for the National Health Care System to reduce costs, since, a large part of the economic burden is related to the use of antihypertensive medications more expensive than thiazides, as first line agents, in particular so far only 40% of the hypertensive patients receive diuretics in their therapy. GPs are required: 1) to record a full medical history, including smoking and drinking habits, based on a pre‐defined clinical record; 2) to collect demographic and anthropometric measures (height, weight, waist circumference at the iliac crest); 3) to perform a complete physical exam. At baseline and at each visit thereafter, seated office blood pressure will be measured in triplicate using a manual sphygmomanometer according to international guidelines. Measurements will be rounded to the closest 2 mmHg interval. Inclusion criteria: Hypertensive patients will be 18 to 75‐year old. Eligible patients are required to have stage Ic or II essential hypertension, and to be previously untreated or poorly controlled. They will be selected by GPs participating into the study. Similar to untreated patients, those with poor control of blood pressure under multiple‐drug therapy will start treatment with one single drug, which will be titrated to the highest dose before adding subsequent medications, based on the GP's judgement. Hypertension will be defined according to 2003 ESH/ESC guidelines (1). Blood and urine tests will be performed, according to guidelines for Hypertension Management For General Practitioners (GP) of the Regione Campania (see Bollettino Ufficiale Regione Campania, number 11, 18/02/2002, allegato A). This screening includes cell blood counts (CBCs), serum creatinine, sodium, potassium, uric acid, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL‐cholesterol, glucose, urine analysis and EKG. LDL will be calculated starting from the total cholesterol, triglyceride and HDL‐cholesterol. Eligible patients will be asked for blood sampling for genomic DNA analysis and then randomised by the coordinating centre to either diuretics or other treatment. This latter will be decided by the GPs. Randomization will be organized in permuted blocks of 10 patients for each GP, half of which will be assigned to diuretics. The randomization code will be communicated to the referring GP by e‐mail. Exclusion criteria. Women in fertile age not using recognized contraceptive methods, or pregnant or nursing will be excluded from the protocol, since the use of many antihypertensive drugs is contraindicated in pregnancy and lactation. Patients will be excluded when presenting with documented coronary or cerebrovascular events in the previous 6 months, NYHA class higher than 1, history of congestive heart failure, secondary hypertension, cancer disease, renal disease (serum creatinine >2 mg/dl), liver cirrhosis or severe dysfunction, or any other health problem that may interfere with the projected 2 year follow‐up. Data will be stored in an electronic database located in the Coordinating Centre, to which GPs may have access for uploading data on a daily base, using personal, encrypted, login and password. Eligible patients will be asked for written informed consent and thereafter referred to the identified Hypertension Specialist Centre located in their areas, for end‐organ damage evaluation by echocardiography, carotid ultrasound and urine dip‐stick. These data will be stored in the central database. After local echocardiographic evaluation, patients showing left ventricular Ejection Fraction < 45% will be excluded from the study. Blood samples for genetic analysis and signed informed consents will be sent to the coordinating centre for storage. Blood samples will be coded and anonymously processed for genetic analysis by the Department of Pharmacology of FEDERICO II University of Naples. The data resulting from this analysis will be stored in the patient CRF page. Intervention: Drugs will be administered orally. GPs should use chlortalidone (12.5‐25 mg daily) in the arm with compulsive thiazide diuretic as first line. In the alternative arm, GPs may choose any appropriate single‐drug (excluding thiazide diuretic) or combination therapy, as first‐line, at the tolerated dose. After randomization, patients will be evaluated monthly at the GPs' office, for therapy adjustment, to achieve blood pressure normalization (i.e Systolic Blood pressure >140 mmHg, and Diastolic Blood pressure >90 mmHg). In the thiazide arm, if blood pressure normalization is not achieved not even with the maximal dose, it will be possible to add any other classes of antihypertensive drugs. Once blood pressure normalization is achieved, GPs will monitor blood pressure once every 2 months, at the renewal of the drug prescription. Blood pressure values will be stored in the central database. At each visit, GPs will record drug therapy, including concomitant medications, evaluate the compliance to assigned antihypertensive regimen, and monitor and record adverse events by reporting all data in the CRF. After two years from randomization, patients will be checked for blood and urine tests and referred to the Hypertension Specialist Centre for echocardiography, carotid ultrasounds and urine dip‐stick. This data will be stored in the central database. Information retrieval: At each visit, the GPs will record drug therapy, including concomitant medications, will evaluate the compliance to the assigned antihypertensive medications by pill count, and will monitor and record adverse events by reporting all data in the CRF. Pre clinical cardiovascular disease will be assessed by echocardiography and carotid ultrasonography. All ultrasound exams will be sent to the Reading Center at Federico II University Hospital and will be processed, according to procedures described in the annex. Monitoring of the study: All data will be reported on a specifically designed electronic clinical research form (CRF) (see web site: www.campaniasalute.com), and will be transferred to the Coordinating Center for data storage and analysis. The Steering Committee will appoint a Data Coordinating Committee to evaluate all CRFs on a continuous way to ensure quality and objectivity of the analysis performed by trained professionals. In order to monitor for patient security, GPs will be asked to actively monitor periodically for adverse events, by asking patients at the time of drug prescription renewal for the occurrence of symptoms or signs that can be related to aggravation of their condition or adverse events of therapy. In selected cases, GPs can refer the patients to the Hypertension Specialist Centre for eventual instrumental and or blood and urinary analyses. Adverse events will be reported in the digital CRF. Sample size estimate: The main outcome to be tested is whether persitance on therapy of an antihypertensive regimen based on diuretics as first choice is equivalent to that obtained in a free regimen using any other antihypertensive medication as first choice (equivalence study). As secondary outcomes, reduction of left ventricle (LV) mass and carotid intima‐media thickness will be evaluated as markers of preclinical cardiovascular disease, under the hypothesis that improvement of end‐organ damage under diuretic‐based treatment will not be different from the treatment based on other antihypertensive medications (equivalence). The reduction of the ESH/ESC risk‐score will also be evaluated, under the same equivalence hypothesis. Sample size was primarily estimated for the primary outcome, but afterward tested on power also on secondary outcomes. See Annex for details Echocardiograms and carotid ultrasounds will be performed at the Federico II University Hospital or in peripheral centers, under a standardized protocol, which will be distributed in an electronic format (CD‐ROM). All studies will be directly transmitted through the Internet to the Reading Center. Feasibility: The Principal Investigator, Bruno Trimarco, has a long and extensive experience in running trials of antihypertensive treatment and management of hypertension (see CV). As Director of the Coordinating Institution he will personally assure full support of the institution facilities, and of professional help in monitoring and statistics. The Ultrasound Reading Center has wide experience in centralized reading of studies on LV hypertrophy and function as well as in studies on arterial structure and has been involved in a number of international multicenter trials (35,40). The Reading Center is provided of 4 work stations for echocardiographic reading and 2 for carotid ultrasound, with high level of security for preservation of data and privacy. All echocardiograms will be classified with a reception number which will join the recruitment number of the participant (every participants will have 2 identification numbers in addition to the number of identification document). Organizational characteristics: The study will be governed by a Steering Committee chaired by the Principal Investigator (Prof. Bruno Trimarco). The study will be performed as a collaborative effort of 260 general practitioners (with previous experience in scientific initiatives), specialist centers (Community Hospitals and University Hospitals in which specialized evaluation of hypertension related organ damage is routinely evaluated). The Department of Medicina Clinica, Scienze Cardiovascolari ed Immunologiche, division of Coronary Intensive Care Unit and High Blood Pressure Center will act as a Coordinating Center, run by Professor Trimarco, PI. The central database will be stored at this center, and the other specialist centers and GPs will have remote access to it through encrypted login and password. The web‐based access to the database has already been implemented at the Coordinating Center, within the Campania Salute Project, a regional network of Community Hospitals and GPs. Timing: The study will last 3 years. The first eigth months will be spent for recruitment and randomization. The follow‐up will last 2 years. Analysis of data will be performed ad interim, as soon as the last recruited patient completes the intermediate evaluation after one year of follow‐up. Final main analysis will be performed right after the conclusion of follow‐up of the last recruited patient. A number of analysis concerning secondary end‐points and including every ancillary study that might be proposed from the Steering Committee or the participating Hypertension Specialist Centres, will be implemented thereafter. Ethical aspects. We have tried to minimize possible therapy related side effects to those that are usually observed in the practical clinic. Indeed, all treatments and dosages are those that are usually adopted by general practitioner for the daily practice. Therefore, we do not expect any additional risk for patients that are enrolled in the study. The complications that are associated to thiazide treatment will be prevented by the use of maximal doses that are in the low range of therapeutic effect, and close to the regimen that currently used in daily practice. As for intromission in the private sphere of the patients, the data will be nominally entered in the database by the physician using a login/password protected web‐based 32bit encrypted connection, and available only for this research purposes after given informed consent by the patients.
 Mixed Meal Challenge and Insulin Resistance;  INTERVENTION: This study is to evaluate whether a mixed meal challenge (milk drink comprising 55 grams carbohydrates, 35 grams protein and 7 grams fat; one dose given orally) is more sensitive at detecting insulin resistance than traditional clinical tests (fasting blood sample or the oral glucose tolerance test containing 75 grams glucose). Participants at‐risk of insulin resistance will have their insulin sensitivity (i.e., level of insulin resistance) measured by a fasting blood sample (control), a mixed meal challenge (intervention) and an oral glucose tolerance test (control) compared to the gold standard hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp (40 mU/m2/min; control) in a randomised cross‐over order. Each test will be conducted 1‐4 weeks apart. Participants will have their diet (3‐day food diary) and level of physical activity (questionnaire and accelerometer worn for 7 days) assessed once in the 7 day baseline period. Participants will be asked to fast overnight (10‐12 hours) before coming in to the laboratory in the morning for each test/challenge. Participants will have their fasting blood biochemistries measured (glucose, HbA1c, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, triglyceride and insulin concentrations). Participants will undergo metabolic (blood glucose, plasma insulin and cardiometabolic hormone concentrations) and blood pressure testing before and during a mixed meal challenge, oral glucose tolerance test and hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp. Consumption of the glucose or milk drink will occur within 5 minutes and supervised by research staff. Body composition (weight, height and dual x‐ray absorptiometry) will assessed in the fasting state at one of the testing visits. Participants also have the 'option' to undergo state‐o CONDITION: Cardiovascular ‐ Other cardiovascular diseases Insulin Resistance; ; Insulin Resistance Metabolic and Endocrine ‐ Metabolic disorders PRIMARY OUTCOME: Proportion of people considered insulin resistant with each test/challenge.[Plasma insulin concentrations will be assessed at:; ‐ Fasting; fasting/baseline blood sample.; ‐ Mixed meal challenge: t= 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120 minutes following ingestion of the mixed‐meal drink. The area under the time curve will also be assessed.; ‐ Oral glucose tolerance test: t= 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120 minutes following ingestion of the glucose drink. The area under the time curve will also be assessed.; ; Insulin concentrations will be compared to the degree of insulin resistance determined by the gold standard hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp (i.e. the glucose infusion rate during the last 15‐30 minutes to a constant intravenous infusion of insulin at 40mU/m2/min x 2hrs).; At the conclusion of the study.] INCLUSION CRITERIA: 1. Fasting blood glucose <= 6.0 mM 2. 35‐75 years old PLUS at least one of the below risk factors for insulin resistance: i). Overweight/obese (body mass inde X>=25 kg/m2). ii). Elevated blood pressure (defined as seated blood pressure >130/85 mmHg, or on medication to control blood pressure). iii). Abnormal blood lipids (fasting triglycerides >1.7 mM, total cholesterol >5.5 mM or high density lipoproteins <1.0 mM for males or <1.3 mM for females, or on medication to treat their lipids). iv). Have a parent with type 2 diabetes or a parent with premature onset cardiovascular disease (males <=55 years, females <=65 years). v). Prior history of gestational diabetes (for females). SECONDARY OUTCOME: Differences in adipose tissue microvascular blood flow between individuals that are insulin resistant and insulin sensitive. [Adipose tissue blood flow will be assessed using contrast‐enhanced ultrasound imaging of the abdomen during microbubble infusion. This is an optional measurement for participants. Assessed at baseline (fasting) and repeated 1hr into each test/challenge. Outcomes in relation to the degree of insulin resistance/sensitivity will be assessed at the conclusion of the study.] Differences in blood pressure between individuals that are insulin resistant and insulin sensitive. [Blood pressure will be measured using an automated blood pressure machine and cuff placed around the arm. Assessed at baseline (fasting) and repeated 1hr and 2hr into each test/challenge. Outcomes in relation to the degree of insulin resistance/sensitivity will be assessed at the conclusion of the study.] Differences in femoral artery blood flow between individuals that are insulin resistant and insulin sensitive. [Femoral artery blood flow will be assessed using ultrasound imaging of the femoral artery. This is an optional measurement for participants. Assessed at baseline (fasting) and repeated 1hr into each test/challenge. Outcomes in relation to the degree of insulin resistance/sensitivity will be assessed at the conclusion of the study.] Differences in skeletal muscle microvascular blood flow between individuals that are insulin resistant and insulin sensitive. [Microvascular blood flow will be assessed using contrast‐enhanced ultrasound imaging of thigh skeletal muscle during microbubble infusion. This is an optional measurement for participants. Assessed at baseline (fasting) and repeated 1hr into each test/challenge. Outcomes in relation to the degree of insulin resistance/sensitivity will be assessed at the conclusion of the study.] Differences in the sensitivity and specificity between each test/challenge to detect insulin resistance. [We will attempt to establish the insulin reference value for determining insulin resistance from the mixed meal challenge that provides both high sensitivity and high specificity. This will be done by comparing the results from the mixed meal challenge to the gold standard hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp using a receiver‐operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The reference value corresponding to the best balance of true versus false positives indicates the best limit for discriminating insulin resistant individuals. We will also perform ROC analyses on the more commonly used fasting blood and oral glucose tolerance test results against the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp technique to determine whether the mixed meal challenge is more sensitive and specific than commonly used clinical tests. This will be assessed as a composite outcome. At the conclusion of the study.]
 The Role of BCG Vaccine in the Clinical Evolution of COVID-19 and in the Efficacy of Anti-SARS-CoV-2 Vaccines;  1. OBJECTIVE‐ To evaluate the role of the BCG vaccine against the severe form of COVID‐19 and in improving the efficacy of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 vaccines through a two‐arm clinical trial comparing BCG versus placebo. Specifically: 1. Assess whether BCG vaccine is able to stimulate the nonspecific immune response (trained immunity) 2. Verify whether BCG is able to protect against SARS‐CoV‐2 infection 3. Assess whether BCG is able to protect infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 against illness 4. Assess whether BCG is able to protect subjects with COVID‐19 against its severe form 5. Evaluate whether BCG can favor the effectiveness of doses of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 vaccines 6. Knowing whether revaccination of adults with BCG causes unexpected adverse reactions 2. METHODOLOGY: 2.1 STUDY MODEL: Two‐arm Clinical Trial ‐ intervention (BCG) versus placebo 2.2 STUDY POPULATION: Volunteers not yet infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 or vaccinated against COVID‐19, who can be essential service workers with frequent contact with the population: workers in health posts, users of the public health network due to others non‐serious illnesses, police officers, employees of pharmacies, supermarkets, stores and others Sampling: As the real prevalence of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection in the eligible population of the different recruitment sites is unknown, a prevalence of 50% was considered (it provides the largest sample size) and estimated that the post‐BCG prevalence would decrease at least 10% if its effectiveness to be demonstrated. Thus, it was found a sample of 385 subjects. Considering losses, a minimum of 400 participants will be recruited, with at least 200 in each group. 2.3. INCLUSION CRITERIA: ‐ Never been infected by SARS‐Cov‐2 ‐ clinical history and absence of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 immunoglobulins IgM/IgG antibodies by rapid test (immediate) and serology test (later confirmation) ‐ Not having been vaccinated against COVID‐19 ‐ Be at least 18 years old 2.4. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: • Have been vaccinated with BCG less than 6 months ago • Have been vaccinated with BCG more than once in the past ‐ Present any classic contraindications for BCG ‐ pregnancy, breastfeeding, acute febrile illness, severe allergy to one of the components, vaccination with other live vaccines in the last month (measles, yellow fever, herpes zoster), immunosuppression for any cause (congenital, illness, use of corticosteroids or immunosuppressants) ‐ Have had tuberculosis or contacted someone with tuberculosis ‐ Present signs of any current acute illness or have had a severe illness less than 15 days ‐ Present a skin lesion at the vaccine application site (right deltoid muscle) ‐ History of severe allergic reactions to any product: urticaria, glottis edema, angioedema, respiratory failure, bronchospasm ‐ History of serious autoimmune diseases: systemic lupus erythematosus, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, multiple sclerosis, hemolytic anemia, ankylosing spondylitis, pemphigus and others ‐ Immunocompromise for any reason: congenital, illness, use of corticosteroids or immunosuppressants ‐ Presenting a risk comorbidity for severe COVID‐19: poorly controlled hypertension, decompensated heart disease (chronic, congenital or ischemic), pulmonary disease (chronic pneumopathy, poorly controlled asthma, chronic interstitial pneumopathy, others ...), disease advanced chronic kidney disease (use of dialysis), transplantation (of solid organs or bone marrow), uncontrolled diabetes 2.5. RECRUITMENT OF PARTICIPANTS The volunteers will be recruited in three different Brazilian states ‐ Minas Gerais state (Juiz de Fora city), Amazonas state (Manaus city) and Pará state (Belém city). Their approach will be based on the viability and logistics of each recruitment site, considering the local dynamics of anti‐COVID‐19 vaccination by age. Those who meet the inclusion criteria and accept to participate in the study, must sign the Informed Consent Form (ICF). By lot, the participant will be allocated to Group 1 or 2, to receive placebo (BCG solvent) or BCG vaccine. 2.6. INCLUSION AND FOLLOW‐UP OF PARTICIPANTS 2.6.a ‐‐ Evaluation of BCG against the severe form of COVID‐19: The subjects will be contacted at D0 (day of inclusion and intervention), D60, D120 and D180, as well as on any day of symptom onset in order to assess the presence and evolution of a SARS‐CoV‐2 infection. A standardized questionnaire will be developed and tablets will be programmed with the REDCap software to conduct interviews at each visit to investigate demographic data, past and current illnesses, vaccination history, risk activities and symptoms suggestive of COVID‐19. Participants will be instructed to inform the team as soon as present any suspicious symptoms. In each scheduled visit, the participants will also undergo a venous blood collection to: ‐ On D0 ‐ Search of IgM/IgG antibodies by rapid test and IgG by serology (enzyme immunoassay‐ELISA) in all subjects and search of pro‐inflammatory cytokines Tumor Necrosis Factor α (TNF‐α), interferon γ (IFN‐γ), interleukin (IL)1β, IL‐4, IL‐6 and IL‐10 in 50 participants from each group. ‐ On D60 ‐ Search of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 IgG by ELISA in all participants and paired cytokine search (participants who did it on D0). ‐ On D120 and D180 ‐ Search of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 IgG by ELISA. ‐ If Symptom ‐ Daily follow‐up to guide diagnostic confirmation of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection in the local health network and to monitor clinical evolution. Furthermore, the patient will fill a table of daily symptoms, which will be collected at the next scheduled visit. In case of hospitalization, data of clinical evolution will be obtained from medical records. 2.6.b ‐‐ Evaluation of BCG´s capacity to improve the vaccine anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 efficacy: From the moment the participants are vaccinated against covid‐19, the visits will be adjusted to the vaccination schedule, as follows: ‐ VD ‐ at the time of 1st dose of the vaccine ‐ P1 ‐ 20 days after the 1st dose ‐ P2 ‐ at least 30 days after the 2nd dose On all these occasions, neutralizing anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 antibodies will be tested in all participants. 2.7. INTERVENTION The inclusion in the BCG or Placebo Group will be done by lot, whose knowledge will be restricted to the main researcher and the professional who will perform the intervention. The participants and the technician who will carry out the laboratory tests will not know it. ‐ BCG Group ‐ BCG vaccine (live attenuated Mycobacterium bovis (Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin) from the Serum Institute of India Ltd. Intradermal dose of 0.1 ml applied at the distal insertion of the right deltoid. Expected adverse effects of BCG can be tenderness, swelling and a reddened papule at the site which will become a 1 cm‐diameter liquid ulcer that will close in 2 or 3 months, almost always leaving a scar of the same size. Other possible side effects are: headache, malaise, fever, ulcer greater than 1 cm, delayed healing (up to 6 months), enlarged lymph nodes. A rare serious complication is local or axillary node abscess due to error in administration with subcutaneous deposit of the vaccine. Thus, BCG will be managed by a rigorously trained professional. There is also reference to the spread of the vaccine bacillus causing organ damage in immunocompromised individuals (an exclusion criterion). Subjects with a severe reaction will receive adequate follow‐up and treatment. ‐Placebo Group ‐ Application of 0.1 ml intradermal of BCG vaccine solvent. 2.8. INFECTION DETECTION Current SARS‐Cov‐2 infection will be identified by rapid test to detect IgM/IgG antibodies (only on D0 as an exclusion criterion) and by serology to detect IgG antibodies on every visit. Through positivity for IgG throughout the follow‐up, the investigators will identify the participants who became infected between visits throughout the follow‐up. 2.9. CLINICAL EVOLUTION ‐ The clinical status of symptomatic infected people will be defined as: ‐ MILD STATUS (Influenza Syndrome‐SG) ‐ Fever accompanied by cough or sore throat or loss of smell/taste and at least one of the following symptoms: headache, myalgia or arthralgia. Less common symptoms may be: body pain, nasal congestion, diarrhea, abdominal pain, rash, discolored fingers and toes, conjunctivitis. ‐ MODERATE STATUS ‐ Tiredness or slight difficulty in breathing on small efforts and/or increase in the intensity of the underlying symptoms after 4 days of illness and/or increase in the number of underlying symptoms after 4 days of illness and/or persistence of symptoms for more than one week. ‐ SERIOUS STATUS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) ‐ SG associated with deficit in the respiratory system (difficulty breathing, cyanosis, oxygen saturation <95%, tachypnea, partial pressures of oxygen in alveolar gas/fraction of inspired oxygen (PaO2/FiO2) <300 and/or pulmonary infiltration >50% in 24‐ 48h), deficit in the cardiovascular system (hypotension, weak pulse) or change in mental status. ‐ CRITICAL STATUS ‐ Respiratory failure, septic shock and / or multiple organ dysfunction, loss of speech or movement. 2.10. EVALUATION OF THE HUMORAL RESPONSE PROFILE At D0, as an inclusion criterion, the rapid test for detection of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 IgG/IgM antibodies (TR COVID‐19 IgM/IgG "BioManguinhos‐Fiocruz") with 100% specificity for IgM and IgG and sensitivity of 85.7% (4‐7 days) and 90% (> 8 days) for IgM and 92.8% (4‐7 days) and 90% (>8 days) for IgG. Also on D0 and on all visiting days and in case of symptoms, IgG will be detected by a commercial enzyme immunoassay (recombinant ELISA ‐ "Euroimmun Brasil Medicina Diagnóstica") with the S1 subdomain of the Spike protein as the capture antigen, in order to detect infections occurred between visits (seroconversion). To assess the efficacy of anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 vaccines, anti‐SARS‐CoV‐2 neutralizing antibodies will be investigated using the SARS‐CoV‐2 Surrogate Virus Neutralization Test‐sVNT ("Genscript") kit, which provides qualitative and semi‐quatitative (titer in UI/ml) results. This investigation will be done 20 days after the 1st dose and at least 1 month after the 2nd dose of the vaccine. 2.11. CYTOKINE ANALYSIS ‐ It will be measure the proinflammatory cytokines IL‐1β, IL‐4, IL‐6, IL‐10, TNF‐α (R&D Systems) and IFN‐γ ("Sanquin") at D0 and D60 to assess the effectiveness of BCG in stimulating the non‐specific immune response. 2.12. ETHICAL ISSUES ‐ The project was approved by the National Commission for Ethics in Research with Human Beings‐CONEP. Volunteers who wished to participate signed the Informed Consent Form. An Independent Data and Safety Monitoring Committee (IDSMC) will monitor the study to ensure it is ethically non‐violent and data credible, and may recommend modifications or suspension of the study if necessary. Through the Research Electronic Data Capture‐REDCap software, a data manager will provide information about the study progress any time it be requested. The results of the exams will be provided to the participants. Intense reaction to BCG will receive due care from the research team and will be notified to CONEP and IDSMC within 24 hours. Participants will be encouraged to receive the COVID‐19 vaccine when it becomes available to them. 2.14. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS OF RESULTS ‐ Through the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (IBM SPSS v.22) and Stata (v.14.0) programs, the outcomes will be analyzed comparatively between the groups, being defined as failures. Analyzes will be performed for the intention‐to‐treat population (total recruits) and per protocol population (with full follow‐up) using the Kaplan‐Meier method. Proportions will be calculated with 95% confidence intervals and compared by Chi2 and Fisher's exact test. Survival curves will be compared by log rank test. Logistic regression will identify the set of independent variables that can explain the binary dependent variables, such as serological reactivity.
 Bariatric Surgery and Reactive Hypoglycemia;  INTRODUCTION Geltrude Mingrone,Simona Panunzi, Andrea De Gaetano, Caterina Guidone, Celestino Pio Lombardi, Marco Raffaelli,Rocco Bellantone Departments of Internal Medicine, Surgery and Biomathematics of the Catholic University of Rome, Italy The overall prevalence of grade 2 and 3 adult obesity (BMI> 35 kg/m2) derived from the 2009‐2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) exceeded 15% and grade 3 obesity (BMI > 40 kg/m2) accounted for 6.3% (1). The dietary approach is modestly satisfactory in the short term and weight regain is practically the rule in the long run as a consequence of the scarce compliance to the diet shown by the obese subjects. In fact, in a recent study (2) where different types of diets were assigned to a population of overweight and obese subjects (BMI from 25 to 40 kg/m2), an average of 6 kg, corresponding to 7% of the initial body weight, was lost in the first 6 months, but the weight was regained after 1 year and at 2 years, only 31‐37% of the participants had lost 5% of their initial weight. Bariatric surgery has long been recognized as an effective treatment for grade 3 or grade 2 obesity associated with complications (3) and, accordingly, the number of bariatric operations in the United States is growing over time from ca. 10,000 in the early 1990s to 103,000 in 2003 (4). Bariatric surgery allows to type 2 diabetes remission (5,6) while improving several other serious comorbidities (7). Among the bariatric surgical procedures, roux‐en‐y gastric bypass (RYGB) was shown to account for 41% of all bariatric operations at least in the United Sates (8). Sleeve gastrectomy (SG), that was conceived as the first step before performing a RYGB or a biliopancreatic diversion with duodenal switch in patients who were super‐obese (9), has recently emerged as a new restrictive bariatric procedure (10). It was noticed that SG determines a weight loss similar to that achieved after RYGB (11) and larger than that following laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (12,13). Reactive hypoglycemia is a late complication of RYGB although it seems to occur also after SG. After RYGB insulin secretion is enhanced early after an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (14) or a meal (15,16) and might explain the later reactive hypoglycemia. An increasing number of reports highlight the occurrence of severe hypoglycemia after RYGB including neuroglycopenia that is attributed to nesidioblastosis (17‐20). Roslin et al (21) found that 72%, i.e. 26 out of 36 patients operated of RYGB 6 months earlier, had reactive hypoglycemia at 2 hours after an OGTT (100 g of glucose), which was defined as "an absolute serum glucose level ≤60 mg/dL, or a drop of 100 mg/dL in serum glucose level in 1 h". As compared with RYGB, SG seems to have a much lower occurrence of reactive hypoglycemia, ca. 3%, i.e. 1 out of 31 patients studied at 6 weeks after the operation (22). Fortunately, the frequency of severe hypoglycemia or related symptoms requiring hospitalization after RYGB is pretty low, the adjusted hazard ratios were in fact 2.7 for hypoglycemia, 2.8 for confusion, 4.9 for syncope, 3.0 for epilepsy and 7.3 for seizures (23) in a Swedish cohort study based on national registries with 5,040 operated persons (23). The primary aim of the present study is to conduct a 1‐year randomized trial to compare the incidence of hypoglycemia after RYGB or SG. STUDY OBJECTIVE Secondary objectives EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN Study End‐points Primary End‐point The Primary Endpoint of the study is the incidence reactive hypoglycemia at 1 year after the bariatric surgery. Secondary End‐points ‐ Changes at 1 year of insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion measured after an OGTT. ‐ Changes at 1 year of body weight, BMI, abdominal circumference, body composition, lipid profile and cardiovascular system abnormalities. However, until now no prospective studies have investigated the incidence of hypoglycemia after RYGB nor randomized studies have been undertaken to compare the effect of SG to that of RYGB in terms of incidence of hypoglycemic episodes. Primary objective The primary objective of the study is to verify whether SG decrease the percentage of patients presenting with reactive hypoglycemia with respect to RYGB within 1 years after the bariatric operation. ‐ To quantify the relative contribution of changes in insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion measured after an OGTT to the glycemic effect of bariatric surgery and to determine if differences exist between the two surgical treatments. ‐ To determine whether treatment is associated with body weight, BMI and abdominal circumference loss and with body composition, as assessed by DEXA, as well as with lipid profile and cardiovascular system abnormalities. ‐ To assess the occurrence of severe hypoglycemia or related symptoms (shakiness, sweating, dizziness or light‐headedness, confusion, difficulty speaking, weakness, confusion, syncope, epilepsy, seizures) within 5 years after the operation and determine whether SG decrease its incidence. ‐ the incidence of severe hypoglycemia or related symptoms (shakiness, sweating, dizziness or light‐headedness, confusion, difficulty speaking, weakness, confusion, syncope, epilepsy, seizures) within 5 years after the operation. Experimental plan This is a monocentric prospective controlled randomized clinical trial designed to investigate if the SG reduces the incidence of reactive hypoglycemia with respect to RYGB within 1 years after the bariatric operation. At the moment of the Screening visit subjects will be randomized to be undergone either the SG or the RYGB surgical procedure. Study Design diagram The diagram of the study plan is as follows: Screening Visit (‐18 weeks) Baseline Visit (‐4 weeks) Follow‐up Visit (+1 month) Follow‐up Visit (+3 months) Follow‐up Visit (+6 months) Follow‐up Visit (+9 months) Follow‐up Visit (+12 months) Written informed consent Demographic Data Medical and surgical history Physical examination† Height weight, BMI waist and hip circumference DEXA blood pressure and heart rate ECG laboratory assessments OGTT adverse events recording concomitant medication An overview of all planned blood samples, including volumes and purpose is provided in Table 2. Study duration Subjects will be studied from the time of Screening Visit to 1 year after the surgical procedure and will undergo four distinct phases: ‐ Screening visit (week ‐18) ‐ Baseline visit (week ‐4) ‐ A follow‐up period after the surgical treatment (1 year of duration, month 1, 3, 6, 9, 12) ‐ A further follow‐up period after study conclusion (4 years of duration) Screening Visit At week ‐18, eligible patients are identified and the Written informed consent is obtained. Demographic data, anthropometric measures, physical examination and information about medical history, concomitant medication and variables related to inclusion criteria are collected. Basal Visit At week ‐4 patients at the screening visit will be asked to return for the baseline visit and they will be asked to give their informed consent to randomization. Study compliance will be assessed during the screening and baseline periods using attendance at appointments and completion of questionnaires. Baseline anthropometric measures, body composition, blood pressure, and biochemical data (levels of fasting plasma glucose, glycated hemoglobin [HbA1c], C‐peptide, and serum insulin, lipid profile and oral glucose tolerance test) are measured. ‐ Safety reasons as judged by principal investigator Follow‐up Period One month after the bariatric surgery and each 3 months until 1 year after the surgical treatment (month 1, 3, 6, 9, 12) all the collected variables at baseline will be recorded and an OGTT will be performed. Adverse events will be recorded at each follow‐up visit. Study conclusion and a further follow‐up period At the conclusion of the a study a conclusion form will be filled in and patients will be followed up to 5 years after the surgical treatment. STUDY POPULATION Sample size The sample size depends on the magnitude of the difference in reactive hypoglycemia incidence as derived from previous studies (21) and (22). The study is designed to detect a more conservative absolute difference in the occurrence of hypoglycemia of 50%, expecting an incidence of 70% in the RYGB group versus an incidence of 20% in the SG group. A sample size of 19 patients per group would be required for this clinical trial to detect an improvement data significance level of 0.05 and a power of 0.90. Considering an attrition rate of 25% over the course of the study a total of 50 subjects (25 for each group) will be enrolled. An amendment to enlarge the number of patients to 120, 60 in each arm, was approved by the Ethical Committee on November 2012. For a more conservative estimate in fact, we have reduced the percent difference between the two groups from 50% to 30% considering the incidence of reactive hypoglycemia to be 50% in RYGB and to 20% in SG instead of 70% and 20% respectively. In this way, the number of patients to be allocated in each arm is 50 with a power of 90%. Considering an attrition rate of 20% the number of patients in each group will be 60 and, thus, overall 120. Secondary endpoints for CGM and insulin sensitivity and secretion are evaluated in a subset of 50 patients, 25 in each Group, but can be also extended to entire sample. Selection study population Patients will be recruited from the Outpatient Clinics and Day Hospital of Obesity of the Catholic University of Rome, Italy. The study will be subject to revision and approval by the Ethical Committee of the above institution in accordance with the guidelines of the National Health Ministry and the Helsinki Declaration, as revised in 2000. All participants will provide written informed consent to participate in the study. Additional written informed consent will be obtained prior to the surgical procedure. Inclusion Criteria Patients are eligible if aged between 25 and 65 years, have a body mass index of 35 (in presence of complications as sleep apnea, severe coxarthritis or gonarthritis, severe hypertension) to 50 kg/m2, and are able to understand and comply with the study process. Exclusion Criteria ‐ History of type 1 diabetes or secondary diabetes; ‐ Previous bariatric surgery; ‐ History of medical problems such as mental impairment; ‐ Major cardiovascular disease; ‐ Major gastrointestinal disease; ‐ Major respiratory disease; ‐ Hormonal disorders; ‐ Infection; ‐ History of drug addiction and/or alcohol abuse; ‐ Internal malignancy; ‐ Pregnancy; ‐ Impaired glucose tolerance; ‐ Suspected or confirmed poor compliance; ‐ Informed consents; Participants will be excluded if they did not attend at least 2 initial information visits. TREATMENT Surgical Program Within 1 month of randomization the patients will undergo RYGB or SG. An entero‐entero anastomosis, with a Roux‐en‐Y type of reconstruction, allows the bile and pancreatic juices to mix with the nutrients at about 100‐150 cm from the gastro‐jejunal connection. Criteria for discontinuation and/or withdrawal Criteria for discontinuation: ‐ Withdrawal of informed consent ‐ Subject uncooperative Roux‐en‐Y Gastric Bypass This laparoscopic operation includes the division of the stomach in two parts. A proximal, smaller pouch (20‐25 cc volume), is connected to the rest of the gastrointestinal tract through a gastro‐jejunal anastomosis, whereas the distal gastric pouch is left behind but excluded from the transit of food. Sleeve gastrectomy Laparoscopic SG involves a longitudinal resection of the stomach on the greater curvature from the antrum starting opposite of the nerve of Latarjet up to the angle of His The final gastric volume is about 100 mL. Randomization Process Automatic dynamic allocation of the treatment to the patients will be performed via a Web‐based software. The randomization procedure via Internet is an automatic and flexible mechanism that on one hand guarantees random allocation and on the other hand reduces imbalance with respect to the two treatment groups over the two considered stratification factors: gender and age (18‐40 and 40‐60). The mechanism may be accessed from any web‐connected computer; it clears the user for data access (userid/password); it requires the user to specify the screening number of the subject about to be randomized; it verifies inclusion/exclusion criteria and acquires stratification information; it finally assigns the subject to a treatment, and delivers the corresponding unique randomization number. The procedure optimizes the overall balance of treatments among each stratification cell. The allocation algorithm will be verified by the responsible statistician for the study, who will have continuing access to the randomization statistics throughout the duration of the study. ‐ Non‐compliance to the protocol ‐ Incorrect enrolment ‐ Subjects who could not be operated laparoscopically ‐ Conditions requiring medication that could interfere with the outcome of the study except those for intercurrent illnesses or adjustment of anti‐hypertensive therapy as judged by the principal investigator ‐ Subjects with severe complications due to the surgery as judged by the principal investigator ‐ Bleedings related to surgery that make it impossible to draw blood samples Subjects may be discontinued from the study at any time, at the discretion of the investigator. Subjects are free to discontinue their participation in the study at any time. Subjects who discontinue from the study should always be asked about the reason(s) for the discontinuation. If possible, they should always be seen and assessed by an investigator. Adverse events will be followed up according to national requirements. If a subject discontinues participation in the study, then his enrolment number cannot be issued to another subject. EFFICACY EVALUATION In order to evaluate the effect of the sleeve gastrectomy versus the Roux‐en‐Y Gastric bypass on the glycemic control the following parameters will be considered: Primary endpoint Primary Endpoint: incidence of reactive hypoglycemia at 1 year after the bariatric surgery. Secondary End‐points ‐ Changes at 1 year of insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion measured by means of an OGTT. ‐ Changes at 1 year of body weight, BMI, abdominal circumference, body composition and lipid profile. ‐ the incidence of severe hypoglycemia or related symptoms (shakiness, sweating, dizziness or light‐headedness, confusion, difficulty speaking, weakness, confusion, syncope, epilepsy, seizures) within 5 years after the operation. Evaluation methods and timing During the experimental study the following clinical evaluations will be performed: 1. Demographic Data (week ‐18) ‐ Date of birth ‐ Gender ‐ Ethnicity 2. Medical and Surgical History (week ‐18, week ‐4) 3. Anthropometric measurements (week ‐18, week ‐4, month 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12) ‐ Body Weight (will be measured to the nearest 0.1 kg on a balanced beam scale in the morning before breakfast after a visit to the lavatory in their underwear's). ‐ Height (will be measured to the nearest 0.5 cm using a stadiometer) ‐ Waist circumference (will be measured at the part of the trunk midway between the most caudal part of the lateral costal arch and the iliac crest in the morning before breakfast, after lavatory visit with the person standing with feet about 25‐30 cm apart. The measurer will stand beside the individual and fit the tape snugly, without compressing any underlying soft tissues. The circumference will be measured to the nearest 0.5 cm, at the end of a normal expiration. ‐ Hip circumference (will be measured as the maximal circumference over the buttocks) ‐ BMI (will be computed as weight (kg) / height (m2)) 4. Physical examination (week ‐18, week ‐4, month 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12) ‐ General appearance ‐ Skin ‐ Head and neck ‐ Lymph nodes ‐ Thyroid ‐ Cardiovascular system ‐ Respiratory systems ‐ Abdomen ‐ Other 5. Cardiovascular Parameters (week ‐18, week ‐4, month 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12) ‐ Blood pressure ‐ Heart rate (blood pressure and heart rate will be measured in sitting position in duplicate after 15 min rest) ‐ ECG (recorded under resting condition. It will be performed according to standard routine at bariatric surgery) 6. Biochemical analysis (week ‐18, week ‐4, month 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12) ‐ Fasting plasma glucose ‐ Fasting plasma insulin ‐ Fasting plasma C‐peptide ‐ HbA1c ‐ Total cholesterol ‐ HDL‐cholesterol ‐ Triglycerides ‐ Hematology profile ‐ Chemistry panel 8. DEXA variables (week ‐4, month 6, 9 and 12) (Body composition is measured by DEXA (Lunar Prodigy), which provides results on total and regional (trunk, arms, legs, pelvis) fat mass, fat free mass, and bone mass) ‐ Total body bone mineral density ‐ Lean body mass ‐ Fat mass ‐ Percent weight body fat 9. Concomitant medication (week ‐18, week ‐4, month 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12) SAFETY AND TOLERANCE EVALUATION AND ASSESSMENT The safety of the surgical procedures will be evaluated at the end of the study analyzing all the information recorded in the Case Report Form suitably designed for the study, according to the timing and modalities described in other sections of the present protocol. Information to assess the safety will include: objective exam, patient's symptoms related to the operation, occurrence of adverse events. Safety parameters Adverse Events The clinical tolerability will be evaluated by recording of the occurrence of adverse events as reported by the patient or observed by the medical investigator. Any adverse event occurred after the surgical treatment will have to be recorded in the Case Report Form. Definitions An adverse event (AE) is any untoward medical occurrence in a patient or clinical investigation subject undergone a treatment and which does not necessarily have a causal relationship with this treatment. An AE can therefore be any unfavorable and unintended sign, symptom, or disease temporally associated with the use of a medicinal product, or related to the surgical procedure. Pre‐existing events, which increase in frequency or severity, or change in nature during or as a consequence of use of a drug in human clinical trials, will also be considered as AEs. A serious adverse event (SAE) is defined as any adverse event regardless of causality that led to a death, led to a serious deterioration in the health of the subject that resulted in a life‐threatening illness or injury, resulted in a permanent impairment of a body structure or a body function, required in‐patient hospitalization or prolongation of existing hospitalization, results in medical or surgical intervention to prevent permanent impairment to body structure or a body function. led to fatal distress or fatal death. A serious adverse device effect (ADE) is a serious adverse event related to the adopted device (in the specific case the surgical procedures) that results in any of the consequences characteristic of a serious adverse event or that might led to any of these consequences if suitable action is not taken or intervention is not made or if circumstances are less opportune. Adverse Event and adverse device effect Reporting Procedures If the investigator identifies the occurrence of an AE, SAE or of an ADE report form must be completed and sent by fax to the Coordinating Investigator within 24 hours of the investigator's knowledge of the event. This form will be part of the study documentation. Any fatal or life‐threatening event should be reported immediately to Coordinating Investigator by telephone. These preliminary reports will be followed within 24 hours by detailed descriptions that will include a completed SAE/ADE form, copies of hospital case reports, autopsy reports, and other documents, when requested and applicable. Minimal information should include: An identifiable subject or patient The type of surgical treatment the patient was undergone An identifiable reporting source All related adverse events All medications used Follow‐up of SAE/ADEs that occur during the study will continue until satisfactory resolution or stabilization, with a maximum of six months, upon judgment of the investigator. The coordinating investigator may request that certain adverse events to be followed until resolution. If/ when supplementary information is available, a follow‐up SAE/ADE Report Form must be completed by the investigator and delivered within 24 hours to the coordinating investigator. Once faxed, the SAE/ADE form and accompanying documentation should be placed in the SAE/ADE section of the investigator's file. If supplementary information on a SAE/ADE has to be sent, the SAE/ADE form has to be used marked as "follow‐up report". The coordinating investigator must inform the Ethics Committee if the serious adverse event is likely to affect the safety of the subjects or the conduct of the study. Moreover will be responsibility of the Coordinating Investigator of informing in writing all clinical investigators about all serious adverse events and all serious adverse device effects occurring during the study. This information shall be sent to the clinical investigators based on perceived risk. DIRECT ACCESS TO ORIGINAL DOCUMENTATION The Investigator will have to allow the national Regulatory Authority, and the staff designed by the Independent Ethical Committee or by coordinating investigator direct access to the complete original documentation ‐ and its verification ‐ including informed consent, signed by the enrolled patients or by their Legal Representatives, and the clinical records or outpatient registers. People who have direct access to this documentation will have to take all reasonable precautions in order to maintain the patient identity and all information which is property of the Coordinating Investigator, in compliance with applicable laws. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROCEDURES The Organization, Monitoring and Quality Assurance of the present study will be under the responsibility of the Coordinating Investigator. Clinical Monitoring The clinical monitoring will be carried out by qualified persons assigned by the Coordinating Investigator and will be conducted according to the guidelines of the ISO Standard 14155‐1. Additionally the monitoring activities will include the verification of the correct filling of the CRFs and, when applicable, the consistence between source documents and the electronic stored data used for the randomization procedures. The coordinating investigator will ensure the practical training for the personal involved in the study on the surgical and medical techniques and on filling the CRFs. Data Review and Audits Data Review and Audits will be carried out by qualified persons assigned by the Coordinating Investigator. The CRFs will be periodically reviewed. Financing of the study No financial aspect must be taken into account because no funding is foreseen for the present study. Table 1 Variables recorded during the Physical examination and included in DEXA PHYSICAL EXAMINATION Appearence general Skin Head and neck Lymph nodes Thyroid Cardiovascular system Respiratory systems Abdomen Concomitant medication Other DEXA Total body bone mineral density Lean body mass Fat mass Percent weight body fat 7. Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) (week ‐18, month 1, 3, 6, 9 and 12) At 8:00‐9:00 a.m., after a 12‐h overnight fast, an intravenous catheter is placed in one antecubital vein to draw blood samples. An OGTT (75 g of glucose) is performed in 10 minutes maximum and blood samples obtained at −20, ‐5, 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120, 140, 160 and 180 min relative to the start of the OGTT. Samples are placed in chilled tubes, and plasma is separated within 20 min and stored at −70°C. Analytical Methods Plasma glucose will be measured by the glucose‐oxidase method (Beckman, Fullerton, CA). Plasma insulin will be assayed by microparticle‐enzyme immunoassay (Abbott, Pasadena, CA) with a sensitivity of 1 μU/ml and an intra‐assay CV of 6.6%. C‐peptide will be assayed by radioimmunoassay (MYRIA; Technogenetics, Milan, Italy): minimal detectable concentration =17 pmol/l and inter‐ and intra‐assay CVs of 3.3‐5.7 and 4.6 ‐5.3, respectively. Mathematical modeling: to be detailed.
 Oral Propranolol Versus Placebo for Early Stages of Retinopathy of Prematurity: a Randomized and Prospective Study;  Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) affects the retinal microvasculature, mostly of very‐low‐birth‐weight (VLBW: < 1500g) premature infants, and is a significant complication of extreme prematurity leading sometimes to devastating consequences. Although ROP is usually mild with no harm, it happens not very rarely to be aggressive causing neo‐vascularization (NV) in the immature retina that at times can progress to severe fibrovascular proliferation, retinal detachment and blindness (1). Major risk factors for ROP are low gestational age, low birth weight, hyperoxia, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) and intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) (2) as well as postnatal steroid therapy (3). Of note is one report showing that the use of beta‐blocking agents by the mother before birth was found to be associated with the development of ROP (4). However, so far no one reported a similar effect of the postnatal use of beta blockers on ROP. The incidence of ROP is inversely related to gestational age (GA) and birth weight (BW). The condition develops in 51% of infants with a birth weight (BW) <1700 g (5). In infants weighing less than 1250 g, 50% show some evidence of ROP and 10% progress to stage III ROP. According to the Israeli VLBW‐Database in 2007, 23.9% of infants develop ROP (all stages), while 4.8% develop severe ROP (stage III‐IV) (4). Worldwide, at least 50,000 children are blind from ROP (2,7). In South Africa it accounts for 10.6% of cases of childhood blindness (8). In the US, annually, 500‐700 children become blind due to ROP, and 2100 infants will be affected by cicatricial sequelae, such as myopia, strabismus, as well as late‐onset retinal detachment (1). LASER photocoagulation of the ischemic retina is the therapy of choice for moderate to severe ROP and is required in 19.8%, 7.7%. 1.5% and 0.6% of infants weighing 500‐749g, 750‐999g, 1000‐1249g, 1250‐1499g, respectively (2). In Israel, 4% of VLBW infants needed LASER photocoagulation or cryo therapy during 2007 (6). The pathogenesis of ROP is multifactorial and two pathogenetic theories have been proposed: (A) One‐phase theory: Mesenchymal spindle cells when exposed to extrauterine hyperoxia, develop gap junctions that interfere with normal vascular formation and trigger a neovascular response (9). (B) Two‐phase theory: The first phase (hyperoxic phase, vaso‐obliterative), consists of retinal vasoconstriction and irreversible capillary endothelial cell damage. As the retinal area that is supplied by the affected vessels becomes ischemic, angiogenic factors, such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) are produced by mesenchymal spindle cells in that ischemic retina to provide neo vascularization (NV) channels (second phase, vaso‐proliferative)(10). Increasing evidence supports the key role of VEGF in the pathogenesis of ROP, wherein VEGF is down‐regulated in the vaso‐obliterative first phase and up‐regulated in the vaso‐proliferative second phase (11). Numerous studies have been performed in an animal model of oxygen‐induced retinopathy (OIR), wherein newborn rats, mice, kitten and beagle puppies were exposed to 75‐100% O2 for 5 days starting at day 7 of life (11). ROP usually develops in 100% of the O2‐exposed rats (12). The expression of various angiogenetic and inflammation genes has been studied in oxygen‐induced retinopathy (OIR). Sato et al (13) investigated the expression of 94 genes in OIR using microarray analysis and reverse transcriptase‐polymerase chain reaction (RT‐PCR). They observed that: (a) Inflammation genes were up‐regulated at days 12‐13 of life when the degree of both central avascular area and central vasoconstriction were maximal; this up‐regulation continued until day 21 of life; (b) Extra retinal vascularization was most noticeable at days 16‐17 of life, when angiogenesis genes (VEGF‐A, angiopoietin‐2) were at their highest expression. There is also increasing evidence of up‐regulation of VEGF by sympathomimetic agents. In this regard, norepinephrine has been shown to stimulate myocardial angiogenesis in rats (14). In cultured retinal endothelial cells, Steinle et al (15) showed that significantly increased expression of beta‐3 receptors could promote migration and proliferation (two markers of angiogenic phenotype) of retinal endothelial cells. In addition, in cancer cell cultures, catecholamines (norepinephrine and epinephrine) induced an increase of VEGF expression in a tissue culture of nasopharyngeal carcinoma, an effect that was blocked by propranolol (prop) (a non‐selective beta blocker) (16). Evidence exists for norepinephrine‐induced invasiveness with increased VEGF in human pancreatic cell lines, could also be blocked by prop (17). Blockade of these effects by prop raised the prospects of a possible chemo‐prevention of vascularization‐rich tumors by propranolol. Recent studies have shown that administration of beta‐blockers (both locally and systemic) can mitigate NV, probably by down regulation of VEGF. In an animal model of OIR, topical timolol (a beta blocker) prevented the development of OIR in 40% of rats and mitigated the severity of OIR in the remaining 60% of rats that had developed OIR (12,18). In addition, timolol had a protective effect, whereby NV occurred in 65% of timolol‐treated as compared to 100% NV in untreated rats (19). Furthermore, VEGF expression was lower in timolol‐treated rats than in controls (room air). In contrast, Zheng et al (20) found no effect of prop on the VEGF protein and on messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) expression in the retina of diabetic rats with retinopathy. ROP and infantile hemangiomas (a rather common phenomena in premature infants) supposedly share the same pathogenetic role of angiogenic factors such as VEGF (21). In a recent report by Praveen et al (22), a possible association between ROP and infantile hemangiomas at discharge was studied in premature infants weighing <1250 g. Infantile hemangiomas were found to be independently associated with any stage of ROP: infantile hemangiomas were present in 16.8% of neonates with ROP as compared with 6.7% of those without ROP. However, neither the size nor the number of infantile hemangiomas showed any association with the severity of ROP. The above‐mentioned published findings point to a VEGF‐mediated pathogenesis of both ROP and infantile hemangiomas, wherein VEGF expression is reportedly up‐regulated by sympathomimetic agents and blocked by beta blockers. Furthermore, on the clinical scene, the usefulness of prop in mitigating the progression of infantile hemangiomas has been recently reported (23‐32). Infants with severe or life‐threatening hemangiomas were successfully treated with prop, with no adverse effects. One potential explanation for the effect of prop on hemangiomas includes: (a) vasoconstriction, or (b) decreased expression of VEGF and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) genes through the down‐regulation of RAF‐mitogen‐activated protein kinase pathway (33) (which explains the progressive improvement of hemangioma), or (c) a triggering of capillary endothelial cells apoptosis (34). Prop administration has been observed to be safe in infants and toddlers (23‐32, 35). Love et al (35) found that after 40 years of clinical use in infants and toddlers, there is no documented case of death or serious cardiovascular disease as a direct result of exposure to beta‐blockers. Furthermore, prop was also reported to be safe when given to premature infants for treatment of neonatal thyrotoxicosis, neonatal arrhythmia or life‐threatening hemangioma (32, 36‐39). In five extreme‐low‐birth weight infants (weight <1000 g), the use of prop for neonatal thyrotoxicosis was beneficial and had no adverse effects (36). The safety of prop use was also reported in a 34‐week infant (37) and a for 37‐week infant (38) with thyrotoxicosis, and also in a 35‐week infant with neonatal arrhythmia (39). Furthermore, a 28‐week premature infant was treated for18 weeks with prop for a thoracic hemangioma without untoward effects (32).
 The effect of Achillea millefolium and Hypericum perforatum ointments on episiotomy wound healing;  INTERVENTION: case group: consuming Achillea millefolium ointment. Achillea millefolium purchased from medical plants sellers and after proving the identity by Medical Plants Research Center of Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences, made broken then extracted by using Ethanol %90 solotion. The acquired hydroalcoholic extract condensated untill became dry and this condensated extract packed with strile Vaseline as base (%5 weight ratio) in 30gr tubes.The patients were selected among women who refferd to shahrekord health centers for routine prenatal visits. Before delivery they received necessary training about how care the sutures, personal hygiene, nutrition and physical activity, then they received one coded ointment and educated how to use: first, the perineum should be washed and dried, then at second day postpartum they were asked to use 1cm of ointment on episiotomy site (the sutures), so that ointment cover all surface of incision, then a pad was used; this was continued twice a day for t case group: consuming Hypericum perforatum ointment. Hypericum perforatum purchased from medical plants sellers and after proving the identity by Medical Plants Research Center of Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences, made broken then extracted by using Ethanol %90 solotion. The acquired hydroalcoholic extract condensated untill became dry and this condensated extract packed with strile Vaseline as base (%5 weight ratio) in 30gr tubes.The patients were selected among women who refferd to shahrekord health centers for routine prenatal visits. Before delivery they received necessary training about how care the sutures, personal hygiene, nutrition and physical activity, then they received one coded ointment and educated how to use: first, the perineum should be washed and dried, then at second day postpartum they were asked to use 1cm of ointment on episiotomy site (the sutures), so that ointment cover all surface of incision, then a pad was used; this was continued twice a day for t control group: consuming placebo ointment. Placebo ointment was Vaseline without extract in 30gr tubes. The patients were selected among women who refferd to shahrekord health centers for routine prenatal visits. Before delivery they received necessary training about how care the sutures, personal hygiene, nutrition and physical activity, then they received one coded ointment and educated how to use: first, the perineum should be washed and dried, then at second day postpartum they were asked to use 1cm of ointment on episiotomy site (the sutures), so that ointment cover all surface of incision, then a pad was used; this was continued twice a day for ten days. control group: non‐intervention Intervention 1: control group: non‐intervention. Intervention 2: control group: consuming placebo ointment. Placebo ointment was Vaseline without extract in 30gr tubes. The patients were selected among women who refferd to shahrekord health centers for routine prenatal visits. Before delivery they received necessary training about how care the sutures, personal hygiene, nutrition and physical activity, then they received one coded ointment and educated how to use: first, the perineum should be washed and dried, then at second day postpartum they were asked to use 1cm of ointment on episiotomy site (the sutures), so that ointment cover all surface of incision, then a pad was used; this was continued twice a day for ten days. Intervention 3: case group: consuming Achillea millefolium ointment. Achillea millefolium purchased from medical plants sellers and after proving the identity by Medical Plants Research Center of Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences, made broken then extracted by using Ethanol %90 solotion. The acquired hydroalcoholic extract condensated untill became dry and this condensated extract packed with strile Vaseline as base (%5 weight ratio) in 30gr tubes.The patients were selected among women who refferd to shahrekord health centers for routine prenatal visits. Before delivery they received necessary training about how care the sutures, personal hygiene, nutrition and physical activity, then they received one coded ointment and educated how to use: first, the perineum should be washed and dried, then at second day postpartum they were asked to use 1cm of ointment on episiotomy site (the sutures), so that ointment cover all surface of incision, then a pad was used; this was continued twice a day for ten days. Intervention 4: case group: consuming Hypericum perforatum ointment. Hypericum perforatum purchased from medical plants sellers and after proving the identity by Medical Plants Research Center of Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences, ma Placebo Treatment ‐ Drugs CONDITION: Disruption of perineal obstetric wound episiotomy wound. ; Disruption of perineal obstetric wound PRIMARY OUTCOME: Pain level. Timepoint: Patient explained perineal pain level by a number of 0‐10 at second, 7th & 10th & 14th days postpartum. Method of measurement: visual analogue scale. The healing process by 5 specifications: redness, ecchymosis, edema, discharge and wound dehiscence. Timepoint: at 7th, 10th and 14th days after delivery. Method of measurement: researcher assessed redness, edema and ecchymosis in millimeters and charted in perineal repair control form. INCLUSION CRITERIA: INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Being nulliparous • Gestational age of 37‐42 weeks • Having a single fetus • Not to use particular medications (such as glucocorticoids, anticoagulant, chemotherapy, immunosuppressant and radiotherapy) • No history of the diseases that disrupt wound healing process such as chronic systemic diseases, cardiac, renal, pulmonary diseases, coagulation disorders, immune deficiency, connective tissue disorder and diabetes • Not having anemia, mental illnesses, persistent constipation, hemorrhoid, hemophilia and malnutrition • no allergic history of herbal medicines • Body mass index of 19/8‐26 • having no active skin diseases such as allergic disorders, skin irritation or wound in Incision site and symptomatic vaginitis • Not using antibiotics after episiotomy • no history of perineal repair surgery • no history of genital warts Exclusion critera: • Cephalopelvic disproportion in pelvic exam <br
 Effectiveness of Weight Loss Methods on Lifespan for Metabolic Syndrome;  At the 1 st stage of the study will screen 71 adult patients for eligibility aged 35 to 65 years with T2D and hypertension for the RF. T2D was treated with Metformin, Sulfonylurea, GLP‐1 agonists (exenatide, liraglutide), Glitazones in different combinations; hypertension was treated with beta‐blockers, calcium channel blockers, diuretics, SGLT‐2 Inhibitors (empagliflozin, canagliflozin) in different combinations. Patients with heart failure (HF) in their medical records and anamnesis with reduced ejection fraction <55% also will be included; I‐II stages of the NYHA functional classification. Inclusion criteria: 1) written informed consent; 2) 35≤ age <65 years old; 2) any BMI and WC; 3) diagnosis of T2D and hypertension ≥3 years and treatment with non‐hormonal conventional pharmacological medications; 4) any level of triglycerides, cholesterol, body fat%; 5) weight loss on the RF for 30 days. Exclusion criteria: 1) age <35 or ≥65 years old; 1) Insulin‐depended T2D and uncontrolled high BP; 2) patients taking gastrointestinal lipase inhibitors, etc.; 3) presence of acute infection diseases or exacerbation of chronic diseases; 4) ejection fraction <30%; 5) history of alcohol consumption >30 g/day within the past 5 years; 6) malignancy within the past 5 years; gestation or lactation; kidney failure; hereditary diseases; or known hypersensitivity to any of the test substances. Outcome measures: Primary endpoints: weight loss, fasting blood glucose, blood insulin level, systolic/diastolic BP. Secondary endpoints: blood lipids, heel bone mineral density (HBMD), and EF. Intervention. The participants adhered to fasting on RF season. They strictly adhered to two principles of nutrition during RF: 1) "no blood, no smell of fat" which means "don't eat meat and don't eat fatty foods"; 2) the 'Sehri time' (a meal eaten before dawn) included just 1.5‐2.0 glass of water and fruits of 80‐100 gr (apple, dates, and persimmon). Indeed, the patients followed a diet in which they ate one meal a day ‐ participants have a meal during 'Iftar time' (a meal eaten after sunset). The participants also adhered to walking at least 3,000 steps/day, sexual self‐restraint. A combination of in‐person conversations and telephone calls conductes during the 30‐day study period: the baseline/7‐day/14‐day and 30‐day RF. At the 2nd stage of the study will include totally 150 adult patients with MS distributed in three comparative groups: drug treatment, surgery and diet therapy. The study design is prospective because the investigators have to comparatively measure TL before/after interventions; the study may not be an observation study. Because of the trial will non‐randomized patients will be allocated to each group based on equal baseline characteristics according to the inclusion/exclusion criteria and including adjustments for baseline and confounding characteristics. The patients will be allocated to each group based on the patient and two physicians (surgeon and therapist) decisions to avoid the risk of "selection bias". Normalization of parameters will focuse on the work required to embed processes into statistics. Inclusion criteria: 1) written informed consent; 2) T2D≥3‐year with glucose lowering therapy including insulin; 3) 35‐55 years old; 4) BMI≥27 kg/m2 for both sex, for Asian ethnicity; 5) ongoing treatment with antihypertensive treatment; 6) weight loss 15‐20% at baseline and dynamic follow‐up up to 24 weeks. All included patients before recruiting to the study received standard‐of‐care treatment for T2D and AH according to regional guidelines. Exclusion criteria: T1D; <34 age >56 years old; unstable cardiac disorders (New York Heart Association class IV heart failure, refractory angina, uncontrolled arrhythmias, critical valvular heart disease, or severe uncontrolled hypertension); glomerular filtration rate <30 mL/min and/or dialysis within 14 days before screening; malignancy within the past 5 years; gestation or lactation; hereditary diseases; known hypersensitivity to any of the test substances. The 1st group (n=50) receives subcutaneous Semaglutide (GLP‐1RA) 1 mg once a 7 day with oral Empagliflozin (SGLT‐2i) 25 mg once a day that is a novel combination additionally to standard medical treatment including anti‐diabetes, antihypertensive, lipid‐lowering, symptomatic therapy. The 2nd group (n=50) receives surgical method (laparoscopic MGB). These patients pass through additional pre‐operation examination (blood tests and electrocardiography, esophagogastroscopy, ultrasound, and other necessary standard methods). The 3rd group (n=50) receives very‐low‐calorie‐restriction diet ('Analimentary‐detoxication') including <100 kcal/day with fat‐free vegetables (tomato/cucumber) and salt intake (5‐6 g/day), optimum physical activity, and sexual self‐restraint. The program goals the next outputs: a) use of own fatty store; b) control endogen intoxication; c) reuse of interim metabolic substrates. A combination of in‐person conversations and telephone calls conduct during the study period. Justification of the sample size. The estimated treatment difference will set to 10% with a standard deviation of 8% and the superiority margin of 5% (δ=0.05) based on two‐sided hypothesis testing. Using SPSS,Sample‐Power,V23.0, the number of evaluable individuals needed per treatment arm >32. At least 150 patients will be screened and recruited in the comparative clinical trial. End Points: The primary endpoints: reduction in body weight 15‐20% from baseline; leukocyte TL. The secondary endpoints: HbA1c; fasting blood glucose and 2‐hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT); systolic/diastolic BP; lipid profile; immunoassay insulin in blood; adverse events. Methods: ‐ Criteria for the diagnosis of MS. Diagnosis of MS (IDF‐2005). Diagnosis T2D: HbA1c≥6,5%, fasting plasma glucose level ≥7.0 mmol/l, or a patient receives antidiabetic therapy [ADA, 2023]. [55] AH: systolic‐BP≥130 and/or their diastolic‐BP≥90 mm.Hg following repeated examination, or a patient receives antihypertensive‐drugs. ‐ General obesity will be measured by determining of BMI (kg/m2). Abdominal obesity is assessed by waist circumference using the standards for the Asian nationality by IDF(2018). [56] ‐ Body composition parameters including fat mass, visceral fat, fat‐free mass, total body‐water, muscle/bone mass, metabolic age, basal‐metabolic‐rate, and bioimpedance will be evaluated by Tanita‐MC‐980MA Multi‐Frequency Segmental Body‐Composition‐Analyzerer(TanitaCorp,Japan). ‐ Physical activity will be assessed as the number of steps taken by patients, as determined by individual pedometers from Hoffmann‐La‐Roche(Switzerland) or other individual digital system. ‐ Laboratory study. On the same blood samples, standard laboratory a complete blood count, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, urea, creatinine, glucose, electrolytes, HbA1c, lipid profile (total‐cholesterol, HDL/LDL, triglycerides), total proteins, coagulation profile, bilirubin, hepatic enzyme activities, blood/ urine ketone bodies. ‐ Hormones assay. Fasting serum insulin by immunoassay method (CzechRepublic). The Homeostasis Model Assessment insulin resistance indexes (HOMA‐IR) will be used as a surrogate measure of insulin sensitivity as follows: HOMA‐IR=((fasting insulin in nU/L)×(fasting glucose in mmol/l)/22.5). ‐ Measurement of TL. TL will be measured in T/S ratio with an adaptation of the quantitative polymerase chain reaction (q‐PCR) methods. The intraassay and interassay variability (CV) for quantitative polymerase chain reaction will be shown. Blood samples for measurement of TL will be collected in sterile vacutainer and delivered to the Genom and personalized medicine laboratory (Nazarbayev University). DNA was purified using Promega Wisard DNA system in ‐20 С. In short, for measurement of telomere repeat copies, primers will be added. Two control samples will be run in each experiment to allow for normalization between experiments, and periodical reproducibility experiments will be performed to guarantee correct measurements. The ratio calculated is proportional to average TL per cell. ‐ Quality of life assesses with international questionnaire BAROS Bariatric Analysis and Reporting Outcome System, EuroQoL. ‐ Cost‐effectiveness analysis conductes using as outcomes both clinical as well as EuroQol to estimate the incremental cost‐effectiveness of the three alternative interventions. Analysis considers specific costs (a) direct medical costs (including the intervention itself and follow‐up care to the condition), (b) indirect nonmedical costs, and (c) additional non‐medical costs. Costs of medical care obtaines from economic departments of participating medical centers identifying resources consumed during the interventions. Indirect costs obtaines from patients. The limited time horizon of this study will make it necessary to use a model to extrapolate the observed effect of the treatments assessed in the long term. ‐ Consultations of specialists conductes before/during/after the study 24‐week period. ‐ Imaging methods: Ultrasound of internal organs (GE Vivid 7 Ultrasound; GE Healthcare Worldwide USA, Michigan); ECG. Interpretation of the data. The primary hypothesis is that patients treated with the comparative methods would experience a greater weight reduction and improving in the primary/secondary endpoints; then the groups selects to compare between themselves in the aggregate using multiple linear regression analysis. To establish the effectiveness of the comparative methods based on the principle: H0 (null hypothesis) one method doesn't differ from another/other; and Ha (alternative) one method differs from another/other. Statistical analysis. The statistical analysis plan considers non‐compliance, loss‐of‐follow‐up, and missing‐data. Multiple‐logistic‐regression‐models, ANOVA/ANCOVA uses to predict the probability of specific variables. Mixed‐effect‐models or generalized‐estimating‐equations (GEE) evaluates with statisticians. The Student's two‐factor‐t‐test, OR (95%,CI), Pearson's criterion‐χ2 will be used to assess differences in proportions. Mann‐Whitney U‐test and Kruskal‐Wallis test are used for nonparametric. Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient (r). To determine dependent/independent variables and to control confounders discusses between the team using literature data. Regression analysis performs using state of the art machine learning algorithms in python code. These include application of algorithms such as KNN, SVM and Random Forests. Additionally, the investigators will apply deep learning methodology for creating a model to test the hypothesis testing as a binary classifier. This learning model uses neural network, given new data will be able to make personalized effects of the three treatment methods. Study data presentes in tables as M±SE or median (25‐75%) based on distribution of variables. Survival analysis (Kaplan‐Meier or Cox‐regression) uses to assess mortality in the three comparative treatments. Statistical analysis using SPSS for Windows,ver.28.0. Ethics. The appropriate national and institutional regulatory authorities and ethics committees will approve the study design, and all participants will provide written informed consent. The study will fulfilled in University Medical Center together with Nazarbayev University School of Medicine and National Laboratory Astana and Astana Medical University.
 Tizanidine vs. Zolpidem in Primary Insomnia: a Randomized Trial;  Efficacy of Tizanidine (0.1 mg/Kg/HS) versus Zolpidem 10 mg HS in Primary Insomnia: Double Blind Randomized Controlled Trial Literature review: Insomnia: Prevalence and Impact Around 10% of adults have an insomnia disorder, while another 20% experience occasional insomnia symptoms (1). Women, older adults, and those facing socioeconomic challenges are more prone to insomnia. Insomnia often persists over time, with a 40% persistence rate over five years (1). Insomnia is a significant public health concern requiring individual clinical care and broad population‐level interventions to improve sleep health (1). The Individual and Public Health Ramifications of Insomnia On an individual level, insomnia has significant repercussions on daily life, including impaired daytime function, emotional distress, reduced productivity, increased healthcare utilization, and heightened accident risk (2). Along with physiological hyperarousal, cardiometabolic morbidities such as hypertension, and diabetes, neurocognitive impairment such as short‐term memory impairment, and psychological impairment such as depression, and anxiety (2)(3). Additionally, untreated insomnia tends not to improve over time (3). On a public level, insomnia impacts various aspects of society. It contributes to an increased economic burden through decreased work productivity and higher healthcare costs due to increased healthcare service utilization (4). Additionally, insomnia heightens the risk of accidents, including traffic accidents, jeopardizing public safety (4). Its association with mental health disorders adds to the healthcare burden of managing these conditions, while the increased risk of chronic medical diseases further strains healthcare systems (5). Given that the untreated economic costs of insomnia far exceed that of treated insomnia (4), efforts should be focused on developing clinical trials aimed at assessing the cost‐benefit, and cost‐effectiveness of various insomnia therapies. Defining Primary Insomnia According to DSM‐5 Criteria Primary insomnia, as defined in the DSM‐5 criteria (6), refers to a sleep disorder characterized by difficulty initiating or maintaining sleep, or experiencing non‐restorative sleep, for at least one month. Individuals with primary insomnia often report significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning due to their sleep difficulties. The DSM‐5 criteria further specify that insomnia is not better explained by another sleep disorder, such as narcolepsy, or circadian rhythm sleep disorder, etc., and not due to another mental disorder. Additionally, the diagnosis of primary insomnia requires that the sleep disturbance does not occur due to the physiological effect of a medical condition or substance use (6). Current FDA‐Approved Medications for Insomnia Current FDA‐approved medications for insomnia include benzodiazepines, such as Triazolam, and Temazepam, as well as non‐benzodiazepines (Z drug) such as zolpidem, and zaleplon. Additionally, melatonin agonist ramelteon, tricyclic antidepressant doxepin, and orexin antagonists such as suvorexant are also among the approved options for managing insomnia (7). Zolpidem was the first Z drug to be developed. In studies investigating zolpidem adverse events that arose during treatment, such as drowsiness, nausea, dizziness, nightmares, and agitation, have led to the discontinuation of the zolpidem (7). Additionally, some patients experienced anterograde amnesia (7). Moreover, concerns about the frequent use of benzodiazepine for insomnia include the risk of dependence, drug‐seeking behavior, and abuse in the context of inadequate medical supervision (8). Evaluating any new pharmacological treatments against conventional benzodiazepine and z‐drugs intake is crucial, as there is limited data on the benefit‐to‐risk ratio of such treatment strategies, necessitating head‐to‐head trials. Therapeutic Applications of Tizanidine Tizanidine, a centrally acting alpha‐2 agonist, is commonly prescribed to manage spasticity induced by conditions such as multiple sclerosis, stroke, and spinal cord injury. Beyond its labeled indications, it finds off‐label use in alleviating chronic neck and back pain as well as chronic migraines (9). Clinical Trials of Tizanidine in the Context of Insomnia Tizanidine has shown promise in previous studies for its efficacy in sleep disturbances. In a study where 24 subjects with Myofascial pain syndrome received tizanidine, which was titrated up to 12 mg over 3 weeks and maintained for 2 weeks. the study results showed Pain intensity and disability decreased significantly from baseline at weeks 3 and 5 and after washout (P < .001). Pressure threshold and sleep improved for all study periods (P < .001). The Sleep in this study was assessed via a visual analog scale (VAS) (10). In a randomized controlled clinical trial assessing the efficacy of adding either tizanidine or cyclobenzaprine in treating jaw pain, 45 patients diagnosed with myofascial pain were randomly assigned to three groups: a placebo group, a tizanidine group (4 mg), and a cyclobenzaprine group (10 mg). Patients were assessed for changes in pain intensity using the modified Severity Symptoms Index and changes in sleep quality using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index. Results showed that all three groups experienced a reduction in pain symptoms and an improvement in sleep quality when comparing pretreatment and treatment scores (11). An open‐label dose‐titration study investigated the effectiveness and tolerability of tizanidine hydrochloride tablets in preventing chronic daily headaches. The dosage was gradually increased from 2 mg at bedtime to a median daily dose of 14 mg (mean 13.5; SD 4.3; range 4 to 20), divided over three doses per day by the fourth week of treatment. Significant improvements were observed in overall headache status, mood, sleep, quality of life (P < .00001), as well as sexual function (P = .0075), and the Beck Depression Inventory‐II scores (P = .00073). Mild‐to‐moderate adverse events reported by 10% of patients included somnolence, asthenia, and dry mouth. Three patients discontinued treatment due to somnolence, dry mouth, or constipation. Additionally, one patient experienced elevated liver enzymes which normalized after discontinuing the medication (12). Adverse Effects and Pharmacokinetic Considerations of Tizanidine Adverse reactions associated with tizanidine include hypotension, bradycardia, or excessive sedation requiring gradual dose reduction or stopping therapy (9). Given its extensive hepatic metabolism, tizanidine's pharmacokinetics can be significantly altered in patients with hepatic impairment. Thus, special attention must be given to the dosing and monitoring of tizanidine in such individuals to mitigate risks (9). Similarly, patients with renal impairment, particularly those with a creatinine clearance below 25 mL/min, require careful management when using tizanidine. Initiation at lower doses, along with close monitoring of therapeutic response, is recommended (9). Any decision to prescribe tizanidine during pregnancy should involve a thorough risk‐benefit assessment to ensure the safety of both the mother and the fetus. Moreover, considering tizanidine's lipid‐soluble nature, potential transfer into breast milk raises concerns regarding its use during lactation (9). Smoking has been identified as a factor that reduces tizanidine's plasma concentration and exposure, as observed in studies such as Al‐Ghazawi et al. (13) Following oral administration of tizanidine, the peak plasma concentrations occurred 1 hour after with a half‐life of approximately 2 hours. (14). The doses employed in the present study constitute an initial dose of 2 mg HS, and it will be titrated up by 2 mg every 4 days, as per response and tolerability, up to a maximum dose of 0.1 mg/kg/HS administered before bedtime. This proposed dose was found effective in a clinical trial assessing the effects of tizanidine for refractory sleep disturbance in disabled children with spastic quadriplegia. The clinical trial included 21 children diagnosed with spastic quadriplegia and experiencing severe sleep disturbances. All these children exhibited abnormalities in both falling asleep and staying asleep. Tizanidine was administered at a dosage ranging from 0.1 to 0.2 mg/kg/day, divided into two or three doses. If daytime drowsiness was significant, tizanidine administration was limited to just before bedtime. Improvement in sleep induction and/or maintenance was observed in 13 patients (61.9%). Moreover, the families of the patients expressed satisfaction with the treatment (15). The objective of this study was to compare in a double‐blind design the subjective hypnotic efficacy and safety of Tizanidine (0.1 mg/kg/day), and a Zolpidem 10 mg HS over 12 weeks in adult patients with primary insomnia. Study Objectives Primary Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of Tizanidine compared to Zolpidem in improving sleep quality among patients with primary insomnia. Secondary Objectives: ‐ To assess the safety and side effect profile of Tizanidine. ‐ To compare patient tolerance and satisfaction between Tizanidine and Zolpidem treatments. Hypotheses Main Hypothesis: Tizanidine is effective in the treatment of primary insomnia, offering a better safety profile with fewer side effects. Secondary Hypotheses: ‐ Patients treated with Tizanidine will report fewer side effects compared to those treated with Zolpidem. ‐ Tizanidine will demonstrate higher patient tolerance and satisfaction in the treatment of primary insomnia. Methodology Study Design: This study will be conducted as a double‐blind, randomized controlled trial. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive either Tizanidine or Zolpidem for 12 weeks. The trial design is a parallel‐group randomized controlled trial. Participants will be randomly assigned to either one of the two treatment groups: the Tizanidine group or the Zolpidem group. This design allows for the comparison of the efficacy and safety of Tizanidine versus Zolpidem in the treatment of primary insomnia. The allocation ratio will be 1:1, ensuring an equal distribution of participants between the two treatment arms. Trial setting: The data were collected at the outpatient sleep clinic affiliated with Al‐Masarah Hospital, Muscat, Oman. Randomization: The method used to generate the random allocation sequence: The random allocation sequence was generated using a computerized random number generator. The type of randomization: Simple randomization was employed, where each participant had an equal chance of being assigned to either the tizanidine group or the Zolpidem group. Study procedures: Study medications: ‐ Tizanidine Group: ‐ At all evenings and mornings during the treatment period at home, participants will be asked to document the sleep diaries and to wear the actigraphy. Sleep diaries are collected by the research assistant every week. ‐ Every 4 weeks the patients will be asked to complete the questionnaires (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), and another self‐report of suspected adverse drug reaction form). ‐ At baseline, then in the 6th week, and 12th week of the treatment, the participants will be asked to attend the OPD for a clinical assessment by a specialist psychiatrist researcher. The Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scale (severity of illness, global improvement, and efficacy index) assessed by the researcher ‐ Throughout the study, compliance was monitored by the research assistant calling the patients every other day in the morning. ‐ Safety was assessed by adverse events (spontaneously reported by participants to the research assistant and/or assessed/observed by the researcher during the clinical follow‐up visit in 6th week, and 12th week of the study) and vital signs (heart rate and blood pressure) at baseline, in 6th week, and 12th week of the treatment. ‐ Polysomnography (PSG) at baseline and within one week of the end of the trial will be carried out. ‐ At the end of the study period, a medical checkup by a medical officer will be carried out. In the medical check‐up, a medical history will be carried out, a physical examination (including ECG) and laboratory evaluation will be performed within 1 week of the end of the study treatment. ‐ Zolpidem Group: ‐ At all evenings and mornings during the treatment period at home, participants will be asked to document the sleep diaries and to wear the actigraphy. ‐ Every 4 weeks the patients will be asked to complete the questionnaires (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), and another self‐report of suspected adverse drug reaction form). ‐ At baseline, then in the 6th week, and 12th week of the treatment, the participants will be asked to attend the OPD for a clinical assessment by a specialist psychiatrist researcher. The Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scale (severity of illness, global improvement, and efficacy index) assessed by the researcher ‐ Throughout the study, compliance was monitored by the research assistant calling the patients every other day in the morning. ‐ Safety was assessed by adverse events (spontaneously reported by participants to the research assistant and/or assessed/observed by the researcher during the clinical follow‐up visit in 6th week, and 12th week of the study) and vital signs (heart rate and blood pressure) at baseline, in 6th week, and 12th week of the treatment. ‐ Polysomnography (PSG) at baseline and within one week of the end of the trial will be carried out. ‐ At the end of the study period, a medical checkup by a medical officer will be carried out. In the medical check‐up, a medical history will be carried out, a physical examination (including ECG) and laboratory evaluation will be performed within 1 week of the end of the study treatment. ‐ Administration: Both medications will be administered orally, 30 minutes before bedtime. Outcome Measures: 1. ‐ Primary Outcome: Improvement in sleep quality, measured using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). 2. ‐ Secondary Outcomes: Frequency and severity of side effects, and patient satisfaction (assessed through a self‐report of suspected adverse drug reaction form). Data Collection Methods: ‐ Sleep diaries and actigraphy will be used to collect data on sleep patterns every morning, and every night. ‐ Standardized questionnaires at the 4th week, 8th week, and 12th week of the study include the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), and a self‐report of suspected adverse drug reaction form. ‐ Clinical follow‐up visits during the 4th week of intervention, 8th week of intervention, and the 12th week of intervention will be scheduled to monitor progress and gather subjective assessments. ‐ Polysomnography (PSG) at baseline and within one week of the end of the trial will be carried out. Actigraphy This is a method used to monitor activity and sleep‐wake patterns over the study period. It involves wearing a small, wrist‐worn device called an actigraph, which contains sensors that detect movement and record activity levels continuously. Sleep diaries These are self‐reported records in which participants will be asked to track various aspects of their sleep‐wake patterns over the study period. individuals are typically asked to fill out sleep diaries first thing in the morning, immediately upon waking up. The diaries will involve recording information about bedtime, wake‐up time, sleep onset latency (time taken to fall asleep), wake after sleep onset (time spent awake during the sleep period), and any nighttime awakenings. Polysomnography (PSG) Polysomnography, a diagnostic examination employed during sleep, gathers physiological data through various sensors including electroencephalogram (EEG), electrooculogram (EOG), electromyogram (EMG), electrocardiogram (ECG), pulse oximetry, airflow, and respiratory effort. Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) is a self‐administered questionnaire designed to evaluate sleep quality within one month. It comprises 19 specific items organized into seven components, ultimately generating a single global score. It is a widely used and validated instrument for assessing sleep quality in research and clinical settings. It has been extensively validated in various populations and has demonstrated good psychometric properties (17), including reliability and validity in the Arabic version (18). This scale is copyrighted and is owned by the University of Pittsburgh and may be reprinted & used without charge only for non‐commercial research and educational purposes. Clinical Global Impression Self‐report of suspected adverse drug reaction form Patients will be asked to fill out a pre‐determined suspected adverse drug reaction form once a side‐effect is suspected. Moreover, the research assistant will be utilizing a suspected side‐effect form and will be conducting an interview another day to assess the patient for any suspected side‐effects. Sample size The sample size was estimated based on the anticipated difference (effect size) in the primary outcome between the two treatments (Tizanidine Vs Zolpidem) for the primary insomnia patients. The primary outcome considered was the mean global PSQI score before and after the treatment. We anticipated a medium effect size (Cohen's f = 0.25, Repeated measures ANOVA) for the primary outcome. The type I error alpha was set at 5%, and the power was set at 80%. The primary outcome will be measured four times (baseline, 4 weeks, 8 weeks, and 12 weeks), and the anticipated correlation among repeated outcome measures was 0.5. We also considered an attrition rate (dropout/lost follow up) of 10%. Therefore, the final sample size became 90 subjects (45 in each group). The calculation was done in G*Power version 3.1.9.7. Data Analysis Continuous variables will be presented as mean, median, standard deviation, and interquartile range, whereas categorical variables will be presented as frequency and percentage. Comparison of mean scores between two independent groups will be assessed using the independent samples t‐test, whereas comparison of paired mean scores within the groups will be assessed using the paired samples t‐test. A repeated measures ANOVA will be applied to evaluate the changes over time in the sleep quality between the two treatment groups. Association between two categorical variables will be assessed using a Chi‐square test (Fisher's exact/Likelihood ratio). A P‐value less than 0.05 will be considered statistically significant. All the analysis will be carried out in IBM SPSS Statistics (IBM Corp. Released 2022. IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 29.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp). Ethical Considerations Informed Consent: In the informed consent process, all potential participants will receive detailed information about the study. A designated researcher from the study team will verbally explain the study in a language that is understandable to the participants. This discussion will take place in the outpatient sleep clinic and will be witnessed by another researcher to ensure transparency and accuracy. Any questions or concerns raised by the participants will be addressed at this time. Suppose the participant agrees to participate in the study. In that case, they will be provided with a comprehensive information and consent sheet outlining the study's purpose, procedures, potential risks and benefits, confidentiality measures, and their rights as participants. Subsequently, the participant will be asked to sign the consent form. Both the researcher who explained the study and the witnessing researcher will also sign the form to acknowledge the participant's informed consent. Confidentiality: All data collected throughout the study will be anonymized to remove any personally identifiable information. Additionally, measures will be implemented to ensure the secure storage of data. Access to study information will be restricted to authorized research personnel only, and data will be stored on a password‐protected computer.
 Comparison of the Application of Lidocaine With Intraperitoneal Bupivacaine in Cesarian Operations Wound Infiltration;  COMPARISON OF THE APPLICATION OF LIDOCAINE WITH INTRAPERITONEAL BUPIVACAINE IN CESARIAN OPERATIONS WOUND INFILTRATION: RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE‐BLIND, PLACEBO CONTROLLED STUDY. INTRODUCTION The most common surgical procedure in pregnant women is cesarean . Postoperative pain control is important to reduce morbidity and mortality, and this becomes even more important after cesarean delivery. A mother with pain has trouble feeding the newborn . In addition, severe postpartum pain is associated with chronic pain, and the mother faces a 2.5‐fold increased risk of chronic pain and a 3‐fold increased risk of postpartum depression compared to mild ones . One of the most important features of a good anesthesia application is a good postoperative pain management. This management is more difficult in the postpartum period. Because the main analgesics used are opioids that are excreted from milk and the newborn may be exposed to the side effects of these drugs . Therefore, multimodal approach is recommended in pain management. In multimodal analgesia, the drugs interact with each other and show a synergistic and additive effect, thus providing better pain control with fewer side effects . Neuraxial blocks, peripheral nerve blocks, NSAIDS and local anesthetic infiltration of the wound, intraperitoneal local anesthetic delivery were used as part of the multimodal approach. Surgical wound infiltration (LWI) of local anesthetics is an important component of multimodal analgesia . Some of the pain from surgery is caused by an inflammatory response to the surgical incision; therefore, reducing this inflammation can provide a better analgesia and also minimize side effects . Ease of use and safety of intraperitoneal local anesthetics (IPLA) has been demonstrated in studies and has become a useful alternative to opioid‐based analgesic regimens for the treatment of acute postoperative pain. As an effective adjuvant to postoperative multimodal analgesia, their use in open abdominal operations including gynecological surgery and open abdominal hysterectomy has been reported . In 1975, Ranney and his friends described intraperitoneal local anesthetic (IPLA) administration in 218 patients who delivered by cesarean section. Although IPLA has received little attention following this publication, recent publications have been shown that IPLA can be used in the treatment of intraoperative pain, prevent postoperative nausea, reduce early postoperative pain and opioid requirements, and shorten hospitalization duration. Zohar and friends evaluated the effectiveness of IPLA after surgical procedures related to both somatic and visceral pain, and showed that patient‐controlled IPLA reduced the need for opioids after bilateral Salpingo‐oopherectomy and total abdominal hysterectomy . Investigators aim is to compare the effectiveness of LWI and IPLA applications on postoperative analgesia in women undergoing elective cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia (SA). Investigators hypothesis, H0, was that there was no statistically significant difference between the three groups in the mean postoperative pain scores (VAS scores 0 to 10) at the 24th hour during movement. H1 was a statistically significant difference between the mean postoperative pain scores at the 24th hour during the movement between the three groups. The primary aim of the study was pain scores during the postoperative 24th hour mobilization. Secondary outcome was total fentanyl consumption (µg) in the first postoperative 24 hours. MATERIALS AND METHODS This prospective randomized placebo‐controlled double‐blind study was performed on 150 pregnant women aged 18‐50 years who underwent a Pfannenstiel incision under spinal anesthesia of ASA I‐II, ≥34th gestational week after obtaining the approval of the Atatürk University Medical Faculty Hospital ethics committee and the written consent of patients. to be scheduled. Patients with neuraxial anesthesia contraindications, patients allergic to drugs to be used in the study, BMI> 35 kg / m2, diabetes, preeclampsia, cardiovascular disease, chronic pain and neuropathic pain, patients who have been given opioids in operation due to intraoperative pain, patients with unsuccessful spinal anesthesia who underwent general anesthesia, patients with excessive bleeding during the operation, uterine atony, placement of the drain in the area to be infiltrated, patients who do not want spinal anesthesia, cannot understand VAS, have a history of drug addiction and psychiatric illness will be excluded. Before the operation, the patients were explained about the procedure, purpose of the study and what VAS was and how it would be used in the postoperative period, and if they feel pain, they could be informed about analgesics at any time after surgery. After patients have transferred to the operation room, an intravenous (iv) access is obtained with an applicator size of 20 and routine monitorization consisting of electrocardiogram (ECG), peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO2) and non‐invasive blood pressure being performed. After the skin is prepared sterile and local infiltration with 2% lidocaine is done, from L3‐L4 or L4‐L5 range on midline all the patients had received Spinal Anesthesia (SA) and the solution containing 7mg isobaric bupivacaine + 15µg fentanyl was given to the spinal interval in 30 seconds. After the procedure was completed, the patients were placed in the supine position by placing a height under their right hip with a 15 ° left slope. When the sensorial blockade has reached the segments T4‐T6 operations were started. All cases were performed with the Pfannenstiel incision. Hypotension was described as systolic blood pressure falling below the basal value by 20%. If hypotension occurs, it will be treated with ephedrine until blood pressure reaches baseline (initial dose 10 mg, intravenously) and rapid colloid or crystalloid infusion. If hypotension persists or recurs, vasopressor treatment will be repeated every 1 minute. Bradycardia will be described as having a heart rate of 50 beats / min and will be treated with 1mg iv atropine. The patients were randomly assigned equally into Group IPLA, Group LWI and Group C. For this, computerized random numbers table was used. Study drugs were prepared sterile by an anesthesiologist who did not know about the study or did not take part in the evaluation of the study results. In the group IPLA, after the birth of the newborn and placenta, the uterus is closed and the blood accumulated in the pelvis is carefully wiped with surgical towels, after hemostasis is fully achieved, a total of 20 ml solution containing 10 cc of 0.5% bupivacaine +10 cc 2% lidocaine and 2 injectors containing 20ml saline and the 20ml solution were given to the surgeon. The 20 ml solution containing bupivacaine and lidocaine was injected into the uterine peritoneal region by spraying 5 mL to each quadrant of the uterus before closing the parietal peritoneum or fascia. The parietal peritoneal layer was sutured or left open at the surgeon's preference. At the end of the operation, 20 ml of saline solution was applied subcutaneously in the form of LWI instead of the incision before the skin was closed. To the group LWI, a solution containing 20 ml of saline was added to all four quadrants of the uterus in 5 ml volume and 20 ml solution containing lidocaine and bupivacaine were subcutaneously in the form of LWI before the skin was closed. In Group C, one of the two sterile injectors containing 20 ml of saline was applied to the uterine peritoneal region and the other was applied to the incision area as a local subcutaneous wound infiltration. Study design will be discussed and standardized at a meeting with obstetricians before the start of the research. The study will be blinded because the person administering the study drug did not know which drug was using and the person who evaluated did not know which group was evaluating. From randomization to completion of statistical analysis, the patient, responsible anesthesiologist and study staff responsible for collecting data will be blinded to the treatment group. The collected data will be stored in a locked cabinet in the anesthesiology department. Paracetamol 1g and Dexketoprofen 50 mg were administered intravenously to patients 30 minutes before the end of the operation. After the operation, multimodal analgesia was applied to all patients with paracetamol from 15mg / kg every 6 hours for 24 hours and 50 mg dexketoprofen every 12 hours. At the end of the operation, patients started IV PCA. Implemented when 25µg fentanyl iv bolus VAS≥30 was set by adjusting 10 min lock time. Pain during movement and rest was assessed using the visual analog score (VAS) (0‐10). Nausea and vomiting were evaluated on a scale of 0 to 3. 0 = no nausea or vomiting, 1 = mild nausea that does not require treatment, 2 = moderate nausea that responds to treatment, 3 = severe nausea or vomiting that does not respond to treatment. Itching was also rated on a scale of 0 to 3. 0 = no itching, 1 = mild itching that does not require treatment, 2 = moderate itching that responds to treatment, and 3 = severe itching that does not respond to treatment. These evaluations were made at the 2nd, 12th, and 24th hours after intrathecal anesthesia. When nausea and vomiting occurred, 4 mg iv ondansetron was administered and repeated every 8 hours as needed. Pruritus was treated with a 10 mg cetirizine tablet. Patients' age (years), weight (kg), height (meters), BMI (kg / m2), gestational week, operation time (hour), analgesia duration (hour) (time from spinal anesthesia to the first morphine requirement), cumulative fentanyl consumption (µg) in the first 24 hours postoperatively, number of patients not requiring IV fentanyl, first ambulation time (hour), time of the beginning of bowel movements (hour), local inflammation at the site of the wound, patient satisfaction assessed on a 5‐point Likert scale (excellent, very good, good, bad and very bad) 24 hours after surgery were also recorded. POWER When VAS score is 25 ± 15mm (mean ± std) in the control group and VAS score (mean ± std) is 17 ± 15 (effect size = 0.569) in the study group, the difference between these values can be statistically significant at 80% power and 95% confidence levels in order to be statistically significant, the inclusion of 50 patients in each group was calculated with the G * power program.
 Effect of Coffee and Tea Consumption on Adolescent Weight Control;  Patient Population The participants were recruited at the at the Obesity Clinic in the Pediatric Gastroenterology Unit at "Dana Dwek" Children's Hospital from January 2018 and December 2020. The Obesity Clinic is a tertiary referral center for children and adolescent with obesity and its complication. Adolescents aged 12‐17 years with BMI in the 95th percentile or higher were eligible for the study. Exclusion criteria included major medical, chronic use of medication that may affect study outcomes or regular intake of some tea or coffee (individual for whom the intervention would likely produce relatively little change in habitual intake). Study Design This is a randomized clinical trial, parallel‐group study comparing 3 weight loss interventions comprising standardized dietary recommendation either with coffee (coffee group) tea (tea group) or placebo (herbal tea). The study consists of 2 weeks run in period and 24 weeks treatment period. Intervention The 3 groups received similar weight reducing interventions comprising diets that will differentiated only with regard to the recommendation for coffee or green tea consumption. The standard intervention included 2 weekly family‐based counseling concerning nutritional education (low carbohydrate, low glycemic index diet), behavioral counseling and physical activity. The coffee group instructed to consume 2 cups of coffee a day, amount that was previously describe as beneficial in epidemiological studies and safe for children and adolescence. Each cup of coffee contains 250 ml of coffee, which contains approximately 80 mg of caffeine. The children were allowed to add milk to the coffee and sweeten it with artificial sweetener. The green tea group will be instructed to drink 3 cups (230CC) of Chinese green tea (Wissotzky Tea Israel Ltd). Each tea bag contains 500 g fine dried herb parts. Each cup contains 84 mg total catechin and 32 mg caffeine. The participants were instructed to leave the tea bag for 2 minutes before drinking. The control group consumed 3 cups a day of Wissotzky‐ kid drink (Wissotzky Tea Israel Ltd), which is a drink that is marketed for children containing infusion of fruits and plants. Each tea bag contains 2.7 gr plants parts with no evidence of polyphenols or caffeine. The tea was provided to the participants and adherence was ensured by 3 days dietary questioners at each visit and by collecting empty boxes every month. Outcomes Information retrieved from medical files of subjects included: 1. Sociodemographic characteristics: age, sex 2. Medical history: perinatal characteristics (birth weight, gestational age), medications and family history of cardio‐metabolic diseases (diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular episodes) in first‐ and second‐degree relatives. 3. Physical examination: systolic and diastolic BP and anthropometric measurements (height, weight, calculated BMI and body fat) 4. Screening for obesity‐related comorbidities: laboratory metabolic workup, abdominal ultrasonography (steatohepatitis) and polysomnography findings (obstructive sleep apnea). The primary outcomes of the study were decrease in BMI Z score, Percentile and body fat at 3 and 6 months of the intervention. Weight and height was assessed at baseline and monthly for 3‐month period and again after 6 month. Body weight and fat percentage was indirectly measured by BIA (Tanita Body‐Composition Analyzer, Tanita DC‐360 S and GMON Professional Software), which has been clinically verified to be accurate and reliable and to provide highly reproducible results. The GMON software provides the BIA data adjusted for sex, age, height, and race (Caucasian and Asian) according to reference ranges 12The BMI Z score and percentile was calculated using reference data for sex and age. Metabolic parameters documented upon admission included glucose, insulin, HDL, LDL, TG, ALT AST CRP. Fatty liver and fibrosis was assessed by ultrasonography. At each monthly visit the participant provided 3‐day dietary questionnaire. Definition of Study Variables BMI percentiles and Z‐scores of anthropometric measurements were calculated with PediTools Electronic Growth Chart Calculators based upon CDC growth charts. The height, weight, and BMI values were converted to sex‐ and age‐specific z‐scores according to the CDC 2000 growth charts. Weight status was defined according to the BMI z‐score as follows: overweight as a BMI percentile ≥85th and <95th percentiles (1.036 ≤BMI z‐score <1.645), and obese as a BMI percentile ≥95th percentile (BMI z‐score ≥1.645) [25]. Childhood MetS components were defined as follows: glucose intolerance = fasting glucose ≥100 mg/dL (5.5 mmol/L); elevated BP = systolic and/or diastolic BP ≥90th percentile for sex, age, and height [26]; hypertriglyceridemia = triglyceride (TG) levels ≥110 mg/dL (1.24 mmol/L), and low high‐density lipoprotein‐cholesterol (HDL‐c) = HDL‐c ≤40 mg/dL (1.03 mmol/L). Obesity‐related comorbidities were compiled as follows. Insulin resistance was the calculation of Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA‐IR) by fasting insulin μU/mL x fasting glucose mmol/L/22.5. The healthy range for HOMA‐IR was defined as a value between 0.5‐1.4, early insulin resistance was defined as a value ≥1.9, and significant insulin resistance was defined as a value ≥2.9. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was suspected in a child with typical clinical features (obesity and persistent mild elevations of serum alanine aminotransferase [ALT] >2 x upper limit of normal). A provisional diagnosis of NAFLD was made by excluding other causes of liver disease through a focused history, physical examination, laboratory evaluation, and an abdominal ultrasound showing increased echogenicity suggestive of fatty liver. Obstructive sleep apnea was defined by recurrent events of partial or complete upper airway obstruction during sleep as detected by polysomnography performed in patients with a history of persistent snoring and/or recurrent awakenings. Pseudotumor cerebri was diagnosed according to the modified Dandy criteria: symptoms and signs of increased intracranial pressure (e.g., headache, transient visual obscurations, papilledema, visual loss), no other neurologic abnormalities, elevated intracranial pressure with normal cerebrospinal fluid composition, and a neuroimaging study that shows no etiology for intracranial hypertension [31]. Statistical Analyses SPSS (IBM Corp. Released 2016. IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 27.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.) was used for all statistical analysis. All statistical tests were two‐sided. The Kolmogorov‐Smirnov test and the Shapiro‐Wilk test were applied to assess the normality of continuous data. The data are expressed as means±SDs for normally distributed variables and median and interquartile range [IQR] for skewed distribution. Pearson's chi‐square test was performed to compare the distribution of categorical variables between 3 intervention group. Kruskal wallis test followed by Dunn's post hoc test was used to compare the differences between Coffee Tea and placebo for continuous variable . The changes over time were compared for each arm separately using Friedman's test for paired data followed by Dunn's post hoc test. A P value ≤0.05 was considered significant.
 Exercise and Weight Control;  Study Design: A factorial design will be employed with exercise frequency (6 days/week or 2 days/week) treated as a between‐subjects variable and time (baseline, end of training, end follow‐up) treated as a within subjects variable. Subjects will be randomly assigned to exercise groups (6 days/week, 2 days/week) or sedentary control. The control group will be offered the intervention (personalized exercise plan, provided membership to YMCA) after follow‐up measures. Study Population: This study will aim to complete all assessments on 60 participants Inclusion Criteria: ‐ Male or female between the ages of 18 and 40 ‐ Participants must be overweight to obese (BMI 25‐35 kg/m2) Not pregnant or lactating or planning to become pregnant in the next 6 months ‐ No limitations to safely participating in physical activity Exclusion Criteria: ‐ Currently dieting to lose weight and no weight loss or gain >2kg over the past 3 months, ‐ Taking any medications that affect energy expenditure or eating, ‐ Regularly exercising (planned and structured aerobic or resistance activity). ‐ Participants must have no major health problems, cannot have known cardiovascular (cardiac, peripheral vascular, cerebrovascular), pulmonary (COPD, interstitial lung disease, cystic fibrosis) or metabolic (diabetes, thyroid disorders, renal or liver disease) disease. ‐ Tobacco use ‐ Have a medical condition that prevents safe exercise. Appropriateness of exercise will be screened using a Health History and Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire. Subjects will taste and rate their liking of the study foods. Subjects must have a liking of at least 5 out of 10 for 50% of the study foods. Subjects will provide informed consent before participation. There are no hypotheses on gender or race effects and we will strive to recruit a representative sample that includes all gender and ethnic groups. Specific hypotheses include: H1: (Primary) Accumulated negative energy balance will be greater when exercising 2 times per week than exercising 6 times per week at 3000 kcal/week for 12 weeks. H2: The RRVfood will increase more in response to 6 weekly exercise sessions than 2 sessions after 12 weeks of exercise. H3: Energy intake will increase more in response to 6 weekly exercise sessions than 2 sessions after 12 weeks. H4: Changes in GLP‐1 concentration and RRVfood will be positively associated. H5: GLP‐1, PYY, CCK, leptin, and pancreatic polypeptide concentrations will decrease in response to a meal more with 6 weekly exercise sessions than 2 sessions. H6: Ghrelin concentrations will increase in response to a meal more with 6 weekly exercise sessions than 2 sessions. H7: RRVexercise will increase more in response to 2 weekly exercise sessions than 6 sessions after 12 weeks. H8: Tolerance to exercise discomfort will increase more in response to 2 weekly exercise sessions than 6 sessions after 12 weeks. H9: The RRVexercise and tolerance to exercise discomfort will be positively associated with maintenance of exercise behaviors 4 weeks after the intervention (week 16). H10: Changes in hunger hormones/peptides after 12 weeks of exercise will predict weight loss maintenance at week 17. Research Procedures: During the initial visit, participants will be informed about the study and have any questions answered. If deemed eligible and the participant desires to participate, they will be asked to provide written informed consent. After signing the consent, participants will fill out a demographic form, a medical history form and Physical Activity Readiness form, and be measured for anthropometrics (height and weight). These forms will be stored in a locked file cabinet in Dr. Flack's office separate from other study files. Subjects will also be provided an ActiGraph device to wear for the following week to monitor free‐living physical activity and complete the Preference for and Tolerance of the Intensity of Exercise Questionnaire (PRETIE‐Q), the Behavioral Regulation in Exercise Questionnaire (BREVQ‐3), and the vendor form, so a payment can be processed) at this time. Outcome visits: Outcome measures will be completed during baseline and immediately following the 12 weeks of training (Post/ week 13). Outcome measures will be completed at the CCTS, laboratory space in Funkhouser (room 117), Joe Craft Football Training Facility, or the Human Performance Laboratory as needed. The sequential order of the visits to measure outcomes is flexible in order to meet the scheduling complexities of participants. Accelerometer administration: occurs at screening, after post‐training assessments (week 14), and after follow‐up assessments (week 19). Subjects will wear an accelerometer for seven consecutive days after receiving the accelerometer to measure usual physical activity. This will be scheduled so no exercise tests or sessions will fall on the 7 days wearing the monitor. This will be administered on participants' initial visit to Funkhouser 117 where they will also sign the consent form. Surveys, taste test, height, weight: Will occur at screening, post‐training/week 13, and follow up/week 18. The taste test will be used to determine the foods to be used in the RRVfood test. This visit will occur in Funkhouser 117. RRVfood test: Will occur at weeks ‐1 or ‐2, 13, and 18. Subjects will report 2 to 3 hours postprandial to room 117 Funkhouser and complete a task where they will earn points towards their chosen foods. RRVexercise test: Will occur at weeks ‐2 or ‐3, 13, and 18 at the Human Performance Laboratory (MDS, B04). subjects will sample for 2 minutes each and rate their liking of the 3 exercise options (treadmill, elliptical ergometer, or cycle ergometer) and sedentary alternatives (magazines, puzzles, card games). This testing can take place in the morning or afternoon, but will occur at the same time of day for a given subject. BodPod + RMR test: Will occur at weeks ‐1 or ‐2, and 13. Subjects will report at least 10 hours postprandial and be assessed for their body composition (BodPod) and resting metabolic rate (RMR) at Funkhouser 117. CCTS Meal test visit Will occur at weeks ‐1 or ‐2, and 13. Subjects will arrive to the CCTS (Center for Clinical and Transnational Science) on the UK campus at least 10 hours postprandial and have an IV‐catheter placed and fasted blood sample collected. Subjects will then be administered a standardized breakfast and have blood drawn immediately after breakfast (‐2.75), and every 15 minutes during the first hour (‐2.5, ‐2.25, ‐2 hr) and then every 30 minutes thereafter (‐1.5, ‐1, ‐0.5, 0) for a total testing time of 3 hrs. Subjects will also complete VAS scales for hunger and satiety at each blood draw time point. CCTS Exercise test and DXA visit Will occur at weeks ‐1 or ‐2, week 6, week 13 Participants will report to the CCTS to perform a graded exercise test to determine kcal expended per minute at different heart rate intensities using indirect calorimetry. This information will be used to set the intensity and duration of their exercise training sessions during the intervention period of the study. This will be performed at baseline, on weeks 6 ‐ 7, and after training. The mid‐point measure will be used to adjust the duration and intensity of the exercise training sessions to account for any improvements in aerobic fitness. The post‐time point measure will be used to determine aerobic fitness improvements. Prior to this test participants will also have a DXA scan preformed. Additional DEXA test: Will occur at weeks ‐1 or ‐2 and 13. Subjects will report to the Joe Craft Football Training Facility to have an additional DXA performed on the UK athletics' Norland model DXA, a different model than the "gold standard" iDXA used at the CCTS. Food Diary: for weeks ‐3, 4, 8, 12, 17 participants will record all foods they eat with details on quantity and cooking methods in a dietary intake record. Exercise session download meeting: Once per week during the exercise intervention (weeks 1‐12) participants will return to Funkhouser 117 to have their exercise sessions for the previous week downloaded to ensure compliance. Intervention: For the exercise treatments, participants will engage in aerobic exercise (treadmill, stationary bike, elliptical) to induce a 3000 kcal/week energy expenditure exercising either 6 sessions per week (500 kcal per session) or 2 sessions per week (1500 kcal per session). The exercise intervention will last 12 weeks, followed by one week of post‐testing and an unsupervised 4‐week period where participants may exercise or not before final follow‐up assessments at week 17. Exercise will occur at a moderate to difficult intensity and prescribed based on individual rates of energy expenditure (kcal/min) at different heart rate zones. Most exercise will occur at 65% of HRR, an intensity commonly prescribed for sedentary individuals beginning an exercise program [28]. The 6 session per week group should be able to complete the session in 20 to 60 min, while the 2 session per week group may take between 1.5 and 2.5 hours based on how many calories subjects burn exercising at 65% HHR. Subjects can take rest breaks as necessary during the exercise sessions. The first 2 to 5 exercise sessions will be supervised by research staff to introduce subjects to the use of the equipment and to ensure participants will be able to exercise for the prescribed time to meet their energy‐expenditure goal. Then, exercise sessions will be supervised on an as needed basis in order to encourage compliance. To verify treatment implementation, subjects will wear a chest‐strap heart rate monitor. Missed sessions (unless due to injury or illness) will be compensated for during the following sessions or made‐up on another day. Heart rate and workout data will be reviewed by the research staff every week. Subjects will be able to use a 12‐week pass to the Lexington‐area YMCA(s) to assure access to exercise facilities if needed. Measurements Height and Weight. Body weight will be measured with a Tanita bioelectrical impedance scale after voiding. Subjects will wear scrubs or shorts and a t‐shirt and no shoes when being weighed. Height will be with a stadiometer and standard anthropometric technique. These measurements will occur at screening to determine if subjects meets BMI inclusion criteria. Food reinforcement task. Subjects will report 2‐4 hr post‐prandial to Funkhouser 117. RRVfood is assessed by evaluating the number of responses (mouse button presses) a participant is willing to complete to gain access to food. The foods used in the task were chosen to allow subjects to choose foods that are often considered both "junk" foods and "healthy" snacks with similar nutrient densities. The experimental environment will include two personal computers on separate workstations. At one station is the computer on which the participant can earn points towards their most liked junk food, with the other station being set up for them to earn points for their most liked healthy food. The most liked foods of each category are determined at screening by tasting a small portion of each food and rating each using a Likert‐type scale. Participants can freely go back and forth between stations. The program used for the reinforcement task presents a game that mimics a slot machine. A point is earned each time the 3 shapes that appear with each mouse button press match in shape and color. Access to the alternatives is dependent on earning points, which can be exchanged for access to the reinforcers. For every 5 points earned, the subject will receive a 70‐100 kcal portion of the food they were working for. Points are delivered on independent progressive fixed‐ratio schedules. The schedules of reinforcement for food and reading begin at a fixed ratio of 4 and then doubles (8, 16, 32, […] 2048) each time 5 points are earned. For instance, the participant initially has to click the mouse four times to earn each point, but after the first portion is earned, then 8 clicks are required to earn each of the 5 points, and so on. The reinforcer not earned does not increase to the next level until it is earned. The testing session will end when participants no longer wish to earn points for access to either food choice. Water will be provided ad libitum. Participants are instructed on how to complete the computer task and will complete a practice session to demonstrate their understanding of the task. The task is completed with the experimenter in an adjacent room. Outcomes include the total number of responses (mouse‐presses) performed for each type of food and the Pmax [29] of each choice, which is the last schedule that a participant met the response requirements for access to each food choice. Physical activity reinforcement task. To assess the reinforcing value to be physically active, one computer station is set‐up for the subject to earn access to physical activity (treadmill, elliptical ergometer, cycle ergometer) and the other computer station is set to earn access to sedentary alternatives (magazines, puzzles, card games). Access to the alternatives is dependent on earning points, which can be exchanged for the reinforcers using the schedules of reinforcement described above. For every 5 points earned, the subject will receive 5 min of access to exercise or 5 min of time to engage in the sedentary behavior, depending on the reinforcer that they were working for. Prior to the test participants will rate how much they like the exercise options and the sedentary alternative (APPENDIX 14) This sedentary alternative is provided to reduce the likelihood that participants would engage in responding for exercise out of boredom. This test will take place in the Human Performance Laboratory. Body Composition. Body composition will be measured using a GE Lunar iDXA machine at the CCTS. A total body scan will be conducted with participants lying supine on the table and arms positioned to the side and palms flat on the table. Scans will be completed using the standard mode, unless the thick scan mode is suggested by the software. All scans will be analyzed using GE Lunar enCORE Software (13.60.033). Automatic edge detection will be used for scan analyses. The machine will be calibrated before each scanning session, using the GE Lunar calibration phantom. Outcomes will include total body lean mass, fat mass, bone mineral content and bone mineral density. Each subject will undergo total body composition testing using a total body dual‐energy x‐ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan, and have their regional fat estimations performed using 3 circumference measures. Total body and regional, absolute and relative measures of soft tissue (fat, fat‐free and mineral‐free lean) masses will be made and analyzed by DXA scanning using a Lunar iDXA (GE Lunar Inc., Madison, WI; software version 13.10) using standardized procedures. The Lunar iDXA is the machine that is used during standard clinical testing. The waist, abdominal, and hip circumference measurements will be performed in triplicate using a flexible steel anthropometric tape (Rosscraft Anthrotape; Rosscraft Innovations Inc.) using standardized procedures. The body composition assessments testing will take place in the University of Kentucky Clinical Services Core (CSC) Functional Assessment and Body Composition Core (FAABC; inpatient suit 5th floor Chandler Medical Center) (CCTS). Additional body composition tests will be performed on the Department of Dietetics and Human Nutrition's BodPod (air‐displacement plethysmography) and the UK Athletics' DXA (Norland model) as a separate measure of internal reliability of these machines by comparing to the iDXA. The iDXA is the "gold standard" and will be used as the primary measure to test the current hypotheses. Aerobic Fitness. A graded exercise treadmill test will be used to test aerobic fitness in addition to calculating rate of energy expenditure. Oxygen consumed and expired CO2 will be analyzed by indirect calorimetry. The test begins with a 5 minute warm‐up of walking at 0% grade, 3.0 mph. Upon completion of the warm‐up, the grade increases to 2.5% for 3 minutes with the speed fixed at 3.0 mph. The treadmill grade will then increase every 3 minutes to produce an approximately 10 beat/minute increase in heart rate from the previous stage. The test will continue until a heart rate of 85% HRR was attained or the participant fells they can no longer continue. The treadmill test will be performed at baseline, during week 6, and post training. The week 6 measurements will be used to adjust the intensity and duration of the exercise training sessions to account for improvements in aerobic fitness. Performance work capacity (PWC) will be utilized as a measurement of sub‐maximal aerobic fitness with the rates of oxygen consumed at heart rates of 150 and 170 beats/minute serving as aerobic fitness outcomes. Resting Metabolic Rate. Subjects will arrive to Funkhouser 117 fasted one morning prior to beginning the intervention (baseline) and 48 or more hours after their final exercise session of the intervention (week 13) to determine their RMR via indirect calorimetry (Cosmed USA, Chicago). This test lasts 45 minutes. Resting heart rate will be determined during the RMR test to be used to calculate HHR. Hormone measurement. Subjects will report fasted to the CCTS and have an IV catheter placed to provide a fasted blood sample to analyze hormone and peptide concentrations associated with hunger and body weight regulation and complete VAS to determine hunger and satiety immediately prior to a standardized breakfast. The standardized breakfast will provide 20% of estimated energy needs for each individual based on their RMR and a sedentary activity factor of 1.4. Breakfast will consist of 2% milk and cornflakes (with the option of substituting unsweetened soy milk for those with a lactose sensitivity). Breakfasts will be consumed within 15 minutes. VAS scales for hunger and satiety and blood draws for hunger hormone measurement will be completed immediately before breakfast (‐3hr) immediately after (‐2.75), and every 15 minutes during the first hour (‐2.5, ‐2.25, ‐2 hr) and then every 30 minutes thereafter (‐1.5, ‐1, ‐0.5, 0) [30, 31]. Blood samples will be collected in EDTA‐coated and serum tubes. Serum GLP‐1, leptin, glucagon, and active grehlin will be measured using ELISA (Millipore, Phoenix Pharmaceuticals, Alpco). Serum insulin will be measured with a chemiluminescent immunometric assay (Siemens). Samples will be batch‐analyzed to reduce interassay variability and stored at the CCTS until the conclusion of the study. Habitual physical activity. For a 7 day period starting the day after subject's screening, 7 days following post‐testing outcome assessments, and for 7 days during week 17, an ActiGraph accelerometer (GT3XPB model; Pensacola, Florida) will be worn to provide information regarding changes in habitual, free‐living physical activity. Subjects will be instructed to wear it at the hip using the provided belt during all hours awake except when bathing or swimming. Data will be cleaned of non‐wear time, defined as consecutive strings of zeros greater than 20 minutes. An epoch of 10 seconds will used for data collection. This will be used to measure weekly minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) as well as minutes of sedentary activity and light intensity activity using the Crouter et.al algorithm [32], and Freedson cut‐points [33]. Treatment Adherence. Subjects will be instructed to follow specific exercise plans that will elicit a 3,000 kcal energy expenditure per week. The length of the exercise session will depend on each individual's rate of energy expenditure. Each subject will be given a Polar heart rate monitor device to wear for each training session and meet with a research staff member weekly to download the previous week's exercise sessions to monitor compliance. Tolerance for the discomfort of exercise. Discomfort tolerance will be measured by questionnaires. Subjects will complete the validated Preference for and Tolerance of the Intensity of Exercise Questionnaire (PRETIE‐Q) at baseline and after training. Energy and macronutrient intake. During weeks ‐3, 4, 8, 12, 17, participants will record their dietary intake for seven consecutive days. Calculations. The accumulated energy balance (AEB) will be calculated from changes in FM and FFM as body composition changes reflect long‐term alterations in energy balance (Rosenkilde et al. 13). Gains of 1kg FM or 1kg FFM will reflect 12,000 and 1,780 kcal, respectively (Elia et al., 2003). Losses of 1kg FM or 1kg FFM will be assumed to equal 9,417 and 884 kcal, respectively. Exercise energy expenditure (ExEE) is calculated from the training‐induced energy expenditure (TrEE) of 300 or 600 kcal/session with the addition of 15% excess post‐exercise energy expenditure (Bahr, et al., 1997). The resting energy expenditure (REE) that would have occurred during the exercise sessions (REE x 1.2) will be subtracted. Thus, ExEE = (TrEE x 0.15) + (TrEE ‐ training duration x REE 1.2). The degree of compensation in response to the increase in ExEE is assessed through a compensation index calculated as (ExEE ‐ AEB)/ExEE x 100%. When the compensation index equals zero AEB equals ExEE, or changes in body composition equal calories expended during exercise. Positive compensation suggests changes in body composition indicating a less negative energy balance than expected, whereas a larger than expected negative energy balance is referred to as negative compensation. Degree of compensation = (ExEE ‐ AEB)/ExEE x 100%. Statistical Analysis Plan: Baseline demographic and physical characteristics will be reported as means and standard errors. Baseline group (6 days/week, 2 days per week exercise, sedentary control) differences will be tested with one‐way ANOVA. Alterations in accumulated negative energy balance, body composition, RRVfood, RRVexercise, dietary intake, energy expenditure, exercise discomfort, hunger/satiety hormones, and fitness will be tested with two‐way repeated measures analysis of variance (RMANOVA) with group treated as a between‐subjects variable and time treated as a within subjects variable. Power Analysis: The primary outcome is accumulated negative energy balance. Based on previous research the mean accumulated negative energy balances for 300 kcal of exercise and 600 kcal of exercise conditions were ‐83% + 100% (mean + SD) and 20% + 50%, respectively. 8. Resources: The proposed study will utilize CCTS staff and facilities for measurement of hunger/satiety hormone concentrations, body composition (DEXA), and aerobic fitness tests. Laboratory space at Funkhouser includes a Quark RMR measurement equipment (Cosmed), NDS‐R software for nutrition analysis, BodPod for air displacement plethysmography, and computers and space necessary for the food reinforcement task. The reinforcing value of exercise measurement will take place in the Human Performance Laboratory, where treadmills and cycle ergometers are available for participant use. The Department of Dietetics and Human Nutrition recently purchased new Polar A‐300 heart rate monitors and ActiGraph accelerometers for the proposed study. Dr. Flack (PI) has led similar studies and may be training up to three graduate students that will assist in conducting the study. 9. Potential Risks: DXA Scan. All subjects will be informed of the small amount of radiation they will receive while going through this procedure. Female subjects of childbearing potential will receive a urine pregnancy test prior to undergoing the DXA Scan. Those women found to be pregnant will not undergo the scan and will be removed from the study. Blood Draw/ placement of IV catheter: Upon placement of the IV catheter, there may be some slight discomfort experienced from the insertion of the needle into the vein. Potential infection, soreness, pain, bleeding, bruising, and fainting may occur. This pain and soreness may last up to 24 hrs following the procedure. A trained nurse will place the IV catheter and standard precautions will be taken to guard against the following potential risks. 10. Safety Precautions: Provisions to guard against the potential risks and discomforts discussed in section 9 are as follows: Every precaution to prevent a direct study injury will be taken by medical personnel and the investigators. Should an adverse or serious adverse event occur, the research participant will be followed by physicians, registered nurses and other research staff members for the duration of the participant's hospitalization. Routine care will be provided by the hospital staff. Emergency medical equipment, medications and supplies will be at the physician's disposal should the participants have an acute untoward reaction.
 Propofol Injection for Daily Headache;  Chronic daily headache (CDH) is a common and extremely disabling pain syndrome with a recent estimated point prevalence of 2.98% of the general population1 Other studies estimate a prevalence of 4.1% and 4.7% with a higher prevalence in women of 9%.2,3 The condition is disabling and is a major cause of loss of function and work capacity resulting in significant personal and national economic loss4 Therapeutic options for treating chronic headache disorders are legion and diverse and there is a steady stream of publications advocating novel therapies. Pharmacological options that have been advocated include: sodium valproate, olanzapine, tricyclic and Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor antidepressants, tizanidine, butalbital, nefazodone, baclofen, prochlorperazine, intravenous lignocaine, dihydroergotamine, opioids, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, triptans, botulinum toxin, cryotherapy and analgesic withdrawal5‐20 There is much debate as to why headache treatments fail and it is proposed that the choice of an inappropriate agent is a significant reason in some patients21 On the basis of a small number of studies intravenous propofol has now been advocated for the treatment of chronic daily headache22‐24 It seems fair to conclude that the existing strife to promote propofol as an effective intervention for treating CDH in the absence of a randomized controlled trial merely reflects the lack of a single good treatment option for this condition. It is, furthermore, reasonable to speculate that the beneficial effect seen with propofol is a placebo response. Krusz et al reports the effects of subanesthetic doses of intravenous propofol on chronic migraine in a cohort of 77 subjects in an open‐label study22 Propofol was administered by intermittent boluses; the average dose used was 110mg. It is reported that 63 out of 77 patients reported complete abolition of their headache with an average time of 20 ‐ 30 minutes of propofol treatment. The range of propofol doses used is however not clearly stated and there was no assessment of the intervention beyond 24 hours. In this study lidocaine was mixed with propofol to reduce the pain of injection but it could not be said with any certainty that lidocaine itself has no effect on headache. Mendes et al retrospectively reports 21 independent treatments of propofol in 18 patients suffering primary and secondary chronic daily headache over a 1 year period 23 Subanesthetic doses of propofol were administered by intermittent intravenous boluses 20 ‐ 30mg every 3 to 5 minutes (range 60 ‐ 380 mg). 6 patients reported complete relief of pain with the treatment, 1 patient had no pain relief; on average patients reported a 58.92% decrease in pain using a 0 ‐ 10 scale. It is reported that 8 patients' headache cycles were broken when followed up several days later but no information is available on the longer term impact of these interventions. In these two studies there appears to have been good tolerance of propofol and no significant adverse events. Drummond ‐ Lewis reports 2 hospitalized patients with refractory migraine who were treated with anesthetic bolus doses of propofol (0.5 ‐ 1mg / kg) with reported success 24. The authors comment there is uncertainty as to the most effective dose of propofol for this treatment. Hypothesis A single subanesthetic dose of propofol will result in improved pain and quality of life for the next 30 days in persons with chronic daily headache (CDH) Study Site The Chronic Pain Centre 1A1 Walter Mackenzie Health Sciences Centre, University of Alberta, Edmonton. Alberta, T6G 2B7. Tel: 780 407 8638. Methods Ethics approval for this study will be sought from the local institutional ethics board and Health Canada. Inclusion criteria ‐ Previously investigated to exclude serious treatable pathology. Propofol is a safe modern, non‐barbiturate intravenous anesthetic induction agent that was introduced into clinical anesthesia in 1977. It has established its place in practice because of its many ideal characteristics; it causes rapid and smooth loss of consciousness and rapid recovery, making it an ideal agent for day‐case procedures25,26 There is extensive use of propofol as an intravenous sedative for procedures such as endoscopy, electroconvulsive therapy, cardioversion and for longer term sedation in the intensive care unit.27,28 Propofol has useful antiemetic properties and is known to be anti‐epileptic and antipruritic.29 Although propofol can cause pain on intravenous injection there are several strategies to reduce this problem.30 There are reports of rare fatalities associated with high doses of propofol and reports of pancreatitis after single doses.31,32 Propofol (2,6 di‐isopropylphenol) is available as an emulsion of 1 % propofol in 10% soyabean oil, 2% glycerol and 1.2% egg phosphatide. Doses up to 2.5mg / kg are used for induction of anesthesia and doses up to 200ug / kg /min are used for sedation purposes.33 It remains uncertain how propofol might exert its action in relieving headache. Propofol is known to stimulate gamma ‐ aminobutyric acid‐ A (GABA‐A) receptors by enhancing channel opening34 It has been shown that other GABA ergic drugs including sodium valproate, gabapentin and topiramate have a place in the treatment of migraine and it is speculated that propofol might be work in a similar way.35 Nonetheless, it is known that propofol has other important pharmacological activity including N‐methyl‐d‐aspartate receptor antagonism, sympathetic inhibition, stimulation of nitric oxide production, calcium channel inhibition and modulation of prostaglandin E2 hyperalgesia.36‐39 We propose that it is premature to speculate on the action of propofol in headache without clear evidence of efficacy. There is ongoing discussion as to what is a good definition of chronic daily headache; this is a term that is not defined by the International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD)40 This is a potential impediment to research. It has been proposed that chronic daily headache can be subclassified into primary headache that includes transformed migraine (TM), chronic tension‐type headache (CTTH), hemicrania continua (HC) and new daily persistent headache (NDPH)41 Secondary CDH has an identifiable underlying cause e.g. post traumatic, cervical spine disorders, vascular disorders, chronic meningitis, idiopathic intracranial hypertension, temporamandibular joint dysfunction and sinus disorders. Silberstein et al highlighted that not all chronic daily headaches can be classified according to the ICHD; however, in 1996 they managed to completely sub‐classified a population of CDH sufferers into those with transformed migraine (TM) 78%, chronic tension‐type headache (CTTH) 15.3% and "other" 6.7%.42 Silberstein defined chronic daily headache as headaches that last for more than 4 hours a day for more than 15 days a month and this definition is used in their later study of propofol and headache. This definition becomes perhaps less crucial when dealing with a population of patients who suffer intractable continuous headache; this tends to be the characteristic of patients who are already known to us at the University of Alberta Hospital Pain Centre. ‐ On the basis of the pre‐randomization headache diary: the average pain intensity during each episode should be at least 5 /10 on the Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) on 4 days out of 7. ‐ Quality of life and function should be impaired as evidenced by a (pre‐randomization) Headache Disability Index (HDI) of at least 40. Exclusion criteria History of the following: ‐ Known or suspected allergy to propofol, intralipid or midazolam, Significance and importance Although it is reasonably argued that propofol sedation can be administered safely by non‐anesthetists, there is still the possibility of serious airway complications and cardiorespiratory depression.43 The administration of propofol should not be undertaken lightly and certainly not used for an indication that has not been subject to rigorous trial. Previous studies of propofol and headache have only examined the short‐ term impact of this intervention on pain scores. The study proposed here looks at the effect of this treatment on pain and quality of life over a longer period ‐ 30 days. If subanesthetic doses of propofol are found to be effective in reducing chronic daily headache we become armed with a relatively safe non‐ narcotic intervention for this extremely disabling disorder that could be provided at a variety of centres e.g., emergency rooms, pain clinics, neurological facilities. In view of the reluctance by some emergency departments to administer narcotics for chronic headache we speculate that emergency departments may be more willing to provide this treatment than narcotics.44 Specific objectives To measure the effect of a single infusion of propofol at 40 mcg / kg / minute over 60 mins on headache‐related quality of life (measured by the Headache Disability Index) and on headache severity (measured by the Headache Index) in subjects with chronic daily headache over 30 days45‐47 ‐ Adult subjects (18‐65 years) with CDH by the criteria of Silberstein and Lipton.41 i.e. on the basis of pre‐randomization history suffer chronic headaches lasting more than 4 hours a day for more than 15 days a month. ‐ In emergency or life‐threatening situations, ‐ Those having language barriers (e.g. illiterate, not English‐speaking, dysphasic), ‐ Known or suspected difficult airway or sleep apnea, ‐ Severe respiratory disease, ‐ Neuromuscular disease, ‐ Seizure disorder, ‐ Severe cardiac disease, ‐ Severe gastresophageal reflux disease, ‐ Pancreatitis, ‐ Lipid disorders, ‐ Receiving Total Parenteral Nutrition, ‐ Body mass index > 35, diabetes or major endocrine disorder, ‐ Hepatic or renal failure, ‐ Unstable psychiatric disorder, ‐ Known drug abuse, ‐ Pregnancy, ‐ Cognitively impaired. Obtaining Consent Each subject will be given an information sheet describing the study procedures, offered the opportunity to ask any questions and must sign that they have understood the contents. A separate consent form will be signed by the participant. Any questions will be dealt with by an investigator. The headache diary and all information to be read by subjects will be designed to have a Flesch Kincaid reading age of less than or equal to grade 8. Subjects will be free to withdraw from the trial at any stage. Pre‐randomization ‐ baseline data collection ‐ Demographic data to include: age, gender, education level (years), and socioeconomic status.48 ‐ The features of the subject's headache will be recorded and the headache disorder will be classified according to the International Classification of Headache Disorders.40 The date of chronic headache onset will be recorded. ‐ A standard medical history will be recorded which will include details of current medication, (specifically headache medication) and stage of menstrual cycle.49 ‐ A physical examination will be performed. Pulse, non‐invasive blood pressure, respiratory rate, oxygen saturation from pulse oximetry, weight, height and temperature will be recorded. ‐ Subjects will then complete the Headache Disability Inventory (HDI).45 Headache Diary • Participants will then be instructed in the completion of the daily headache diary (this is estimated to take 10 ‐ 20 minutes). This diary will keep track of daily pain scores, activity, headache medication use and visits to the emergency room. Headache severity is recorded four times daily on an 11 point numerical rating scale (NRS) anchored at zero for no pain and 10 for the worst imaginable pain. Participants will be asked to keep this diary for 7 days pre‐randomization and for 30 days commencing the day after the treatment / infusion. Randomization and blinding Subjects that still meet the inclusion criteria will proceed to the treatment phase. Subjects will be assigned to either the propofol group or placebo group. Sealed envelopes containing a randomized assignment to either propofol or placebo group will be prepared by an individual unconnected with the study using a web‐based random number generator, and balanced to ensure equal allocation to each group. The propofol group will receive propofol and a concurrent normal saline bolus. The placebo group will receive intralipid and an identical concurrent normal saline bolus that contains low dose midazolam. There is evidence that low dose midazolam (35 mcg / kg) is sufficient to produce adequate sedation but no evidence to support the use of single dose midazolam as a treatment for CDH; this makes midazolam a suitable choice as an active placebo.50 The use of an active placebo is to minimize treatment recognition and bias by patient and investigator. Identical, sequentially numbered syringes containing either propofol or intralipid will be prepared by the hospital pharmacy and these will be appropriately coupled with identical numbered minibags of saline containing either no drug or midazolam. Subjects will be randomized after inclusion and exclusion criteria have been applied. Investigators will use these syringes / minibags in numeric order. (The named contents of each syringe and minibag will be available to the investigators in a second sealed envelope to be opened only in case of emergency during the infusion). Subject data will be grouped by treatment allocation for analysis into 'Group A' and 'Group B', but the blind will not be fully broken until data analysis is complete. The subject's daily pain diaries will be coded with the corresponding syringe code. Infusion procedure On the day of participation the participant will be required to be fasted from the previous midnight. The groups will receive the following treatments by electronic infusor. The dose of propofol selected is comparable with that of the previous studies.22‐24 Active treatment ‐ Propofol infusion 40 mcg / kg / minute over 60 minutes coupled with a ‐ concurrent infusion of saline in a minibag to be delivered at 1ml / kg over first 10 mins. Placebo group ‐ Intralipid by infusion, calculated to be delivered at the same rate as if it were propofol coupled with a ‐ concurrent infusion of saline in a minibag containing 35mcg / ml of midazolam to be delivered at 1ml / kg over the first 10 mins. ‐ To minimize pain on infusion (that may occur with either treatment) a large vein (preferably antecubital) will be cannulated. Secondary outcome measures will include: ‐ Number of days with a headache of at least moderate severity defined as pain at least 5 on the Numerical Rating Scale (NRS).52 ‐ Peak daily headache severity according to the NRS. ‐ Visits to the Emergency Room for headache treatment. ‐ Sedation and nausea scores in the treatment and placebo groups. ‐ Ability of participants in each of the groups to correctly guess their treatment assignment. ‐ Adverse effects related to the infusion. Power calculation Environment and Treatment The location of the study will be the treatment suite of the University of Alberta Hospital Pain Centre. At least one anesthesiologist will be on site and a post anesthesia recovery nurse. A peripheral intravenous cannula will be inserted into each participant and intravenous normal saline 250 cc will be commenced to run over one hour in conjunction with the treatments to flush the intravenous line. The patient will be placed on a stretcher and made comfortable within the privacy of the suite. The lighting may be dimmed but not to a level that would compromise monitoring and safety. Noise will be kept to a minimum. Monitoring and Safety Non‐invasive blood pressure will be recorded pre‐infusion and then at 5 minute intervals in conjunction with continuous pulse oximetry and respiratory rate. Oxygen via nasal cannulae to keep oxygen saturations at or above 94% will be commenced. Basic and advanced life support equipment will be available in the suite. An investigator, a trained anesthesiologist with extensive experience in the administration of propofol and qualified in resuscitation, will be in constant attendance. The infusion will be discontinued if the patient develops signs of respiratory depression (< 8 breaths / min), requires more than simple maneuvers to maintain the airway, develops oversedation or delerium ‐ where a patient is not easily roused by verbal command, sustained hypotension, oxygen desaturation (below 94%), cardiac dysrhythmia or new medical symptoms. In the event of the development of any adverse reaction a referral to the relevant specialist service within the University of Alberta Hospital will be available. Patients will be observed for a period of two hours post infusion and will be free to leave the suite when their vital signs are stable, there are no concerns about level of consciousness and the patient meets the University of Alberta Hospital criteria for discharge form day‐ surgery. Full recovery from either infusion is anticipated to take less than two hours.51 The patient must be escorted home and must be in the company of a carer for 24 hours. The patient will be instructed not drive or operate heavy machinery for 24 hours post infusion. Data Collection. Baseline data will be recorded as above (including HDI and Headache Diary). Pain, nausea and sedation scores will be recorded pre‐infusion and then immediately post infusion Each subject will be given a daily headache diary to keep for the 30 days following the infusion. Subjects will be contacted by telephone at 24 and 72 hours post infusion and weekly thereafter to remind them to complete their headache diaries. At 30 days post‐infusion the patients will complete a follow‐up HDI by telephone or mail and their diaries collected. Outcome measures. The primary study outcome will be Headache Disability Index and the Headache Index45‐47 The baseline Headache Index is the mean of all 28 NRS pain scores (four measures daily for seven days) and the post‐treatment Headache Index is the mean of all 120 NRS pain scores (four measures daily for thirty days) and provides a valid summary measure of overall headache activity. ‐ Analgesic medication consumption will be measured in terms of morphine equivalents of narcotic medication and number of tablets /doses of acetaminophen / non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory (NSAID) containing analgesics.53 Mean HDI measurements of 60 (+/‐ 20) for severe CDH (the population toward which our clinic population is biased) would be expected. A clinically significant outcome would be a 29 point reduction of HDI. A sample size of 20 subjects will give 80% power to detect this difference with an alpha error rate of 0.05. Analysis Between group demographic factors that will be examined and controlled for will include age, gender, education level (years), and socioeconomic status using independent samples t‐tests.48 All analyses will be conducted on an intention to treat basis. The average absolute difference between the baseline and post‐treatment HDI scores for the two infusion groups will be compared using analysis of variance (ANOVA). We will compare the changes in NRS scores between the two infusions groups over time using repeated measures ANOVA. Any demographic factors found to be significantly different between groups will be included as covariates in this analysis. All t‐tests will use Bonferroni corrections to control for the inflation of alpha.
