 Oral anti‐diabetic agents for women with established diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes planning pregnancy, or pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes;  Abstract - Background While most guidance recommends the use of insulin in women whose pregnancies are affected by pre‐existing diabetes, oral anti‐diabetic agents may be more acceptable to women. The effects of these oral anti‐diabetic agents on maternal and infant health outcomes need to be established in pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance, as well as in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus preconceptionally or during a subsequent pregnancy. This review is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. Objectives To investigate the effects of oral anti‐diabetic agents in women with established diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes who are planning a pregnancy, or pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes, on maternal and infant health. The use of oral anti‐diabetic agents for the management of gestational diabetes in a current pregnancy is evaluated in a separate Cochrane Review. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 October 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs assessing the effects of oral anti‐diabetic agents in women with established diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes who were planning a pregnancy, or pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes. Cluster‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion, but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included RCTs. Review authors checked the data for accuracy, and assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We identified six RCTs (707 women), eligible for inclusion in this updated review, however, three RCTs had mixed populations (that is, they included pregnant women with gestational diabetes) and did not report data separately for the relevant subset of women for this review. Therefore we have only included outcome data from three RCTs; data were available for 241 women and their infants. The three RCTs all compared an oral anti‐diabetic agent (metformin) with insulin. The women in the RCTs that contributed data had type 2 diabetes diagnosed before or during their pregnancy. Overall, the RCTs were judged to be at varying risk of bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence for selected important outcomes using GRADE; the evidence was low‐ or very low‐quality, due to downgrading because of design limitations (risk of bias) and imprecise effect estimates (for many outcomes only one or two RCTs contributed data). For our primary outcomes there was no clear difference between metformin and insulin groups for pre‐eclampsia (risk ratio (RR) 0.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 1.20; RCTs = 2; participants = 227; very low‐quality evidence) although in one RCT women receiving metformin were less likely to have pregnancy‐induced hypertension (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.91; RCTs = 1; participants = 206; low‐quality evidence). Women receiving metformin were less likely to have a caesarean section compared with those receiving insulin (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.88; RCTs = 3; participants = 241; low‐quality evidence). In one RCT there was no clear difference between groups for large‐for‐gestational‐age infants (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.72; RCTs = 1; participants = 206; very low‐quality evidence ).  There were no perinatal deaths in two RCTs (very low‐quality evidence). Neonatal mortality or morbidity composite outcome and childhood/adulthood neurosensory disability were not reported. For other secondary outcomes we assessed using GRADE, there were no clear differences between metformin and insulin groups for induction of labour (RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.62 to 3.28; RCTs = 2; participants = 35; very low‐quality evidence), though infant hypoglycaemia was reduced in the metformin group (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.62; RCTs = 3; infants = 241; very low‐quality evidence). Perineal trauma, maternal postnatal depression and postnatal weight retention, and childhood/adulthood adiposity and diabetes were not reported. Authors' conclusions There are insufficient RCT data to evaluate the use of oral anti‐diabetic agents in women with established diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes who are planning a pregnancy, or in pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes. Low to very low‐quality evidence suggests possible reductions in pregnancy‐induced hypertension, caesarean section birth and neonatal hypoglycaemia with metformin compared with insulin for women with type 2 diabetes diagnosed before or during their pregnancy, and no clear differences in pre‐eclampsia, induction of labour and babies that are large‐for‐gestational age. Further high‐quality RCTs that compare any combination of oral anti‐diabetic agent, insulin and dietary and lifestyle advice for these women are needed. Future RCTs could be powered to evaluate effects on short‐ and long‐term clinical outcomes; such RCTs could attempt to collect and report on the standard outcomes suggested in this review. We have identified three ongoing studies and four are awaiting classification. We will consider these when this review is updated. Plain language summary Oral anti‐diabetic agents for women with diabetes or previous diabetes planning a pregnancy, or pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes What is the issue? Pre‐existing diabetes and gestational diabetes can increase the risks of a number of poor outcomes for both mothers and their babies. For the mother, these include pregnancy‐induced high blood pressure (pre‐eclampsia) with additional fluid retention and protein in the urine; and giving birth by caesarean. For the infant, these can include preterm birth; as well as an increased risk of the presence of physical defects at birth such as heart defects, brain, spine, and spinal cord defects, Down syndrome; and spontaneous abortion. Other complications at birth include babies that are large for their gestational age, and obstructed labour (shoulder dystocia) caused by one of the shoulders becoming stuck in the birth canal once the baby's head has been born. Why is this important? Being pregnant can trigger diabetes (gestational diabetes) in women with impaired glucose tolerance. Women who have had gestational diabetes are at risk of developing diabetes later in life. This means that management is important for women with impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes, as well as for women with established diabetes. Women with established diabetes need good blood sugar control before they become pregnant. Insulin gives good blood sugar control and does not affect the development of the baby, but women may find oral anti‐diabetic agents more convenient and acceptable than insulin injections. However little is known about the effects of these oral agents. This review sought to investigate the effects of oral anti‐diabetic agents in women with established diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes who were planning a pregnancy, or pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes, on maternal and infant health. This review is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on 31 October 2016 and included six RCTs (707 women). Three RCTs included women with current gestational diabetes and did not report data separately for the population of women relevant to this review. Therefore we have only included outcome data from three RCTs, involving 241 pregnant women and their infants. The quality of the evidence was assessed as being low or very low and the overall risk of bias of the RCTs was varied. The three RCTs all compared an oral anti‐diabetic agent (metformin) with insulin in pregnant women with pre‐existing (type 2) diabetes. There was no clear difference in the development of pre‐eclampsia (high blood pressure and protein in the urine) for women who received metformin compared with insulin (2 RCTs; 227 women; very low‐quality evidence), though women receiving metformin were less likely to have pregnancy‐induced high blood pressure in one RCT (206 women; low‐quality evidence). Women who received metformin were less likely to have a caesarean section birth (3 RCTs; 241 women; low‐quality evidence), though no difference was observed in induction of labour (2 RCTs; 35 women; very low‐quality evidence). There was no clear difference between groups of infants born to mothers who received metformin or insulin for being large‐for‐gestational age (1 RCT; 206 infants; very low‐quality evidence), though infants born to mothers who received metformin were less likely to have low blood sugar (hypoglycaemia) (3 RCTs; 241 infants; very low‐quality evidence). There were no infant deaths (before birth or shortly afterwards) (2 RCTs; very low‐quality evidence). The RCTs did not report on many important short‐ and long‐term outcomes, including perineal trauma and a combined outcome of infant death or morbidity, postnatal depression and weight retention for mothers, and adiposity or disability in childhood or adulthood for infants. What does this mean? There is not enough evidence to guide us on the effects of oral anti‐diabetic agents in women with established diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or previous gestational diabetes who are planning a pregnancy, or pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes. Further large, well‐designed, RCTs are required and could assess and report on the outcomes suggested in this review, including both short‐ and long‐term outcomes for mothers and their infants.
 Different intensities of glycaemic control for women with gestational diabetes mellitus;  Abstract - Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has major short‐ and long‐term implications for both the mother and her baby. GDM is defined as a carbohydrate intolerance resulting in hyperglycaemia or any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy from 24 weeks' gestation onwards and which resolves following the birth of the baby. Rates for GDM can be as high as 25% depending on the population and diagnostic criteria used, and overall rates are increasing globally. There is wide variation internationally in glycaemic treatment target recommendations for women with GDM that are based on consensus rather than high‐quality trials. Objectives To assess the effect of different intensities of glycaemic control in pregnant women with GDM on maternal and infant health outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (26 September 2022), and reference lists of the retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐RCTs, and quasi‐RCTs. Trials were eligible for inclusion if women were diagnosed with GDM during pregnancy and the trial compared tighter and less‐tight glycaemic targets during management. We defined tighter glycaemic targets as lower numerical glycaemic concentrations, and less‐tight glycaemic targets as higher numerical glycaemic concentrations. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods for carrying out data collection, assessing risk of bias, and analysing results. Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility for inclusion, evaluated risk of bias, and extracted data for the four included studies. We assessed the certainty of evidence for selected outcomes using the GRADE approach. Primary maternal outcomes included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. Primary infant outcomes included perinatal mortality, large‐for‐gestational‐age, composite of mortality or serious morbidity, and neurosensory disability. Main results This was an update of a previous review completed in 2016. We included four RCTs (reporting on 1731 women) that compared a tighter glycaemic control with less‐tight glycaemic control in women diagnosed with GDM. Three studies were parallel RCTs, and one study was a stepped‐wedged cluster‐RCT. The trials took place in Canada, New Zealand, Russia, and the USA. We judged the overall risk of bias to be unclear. Two trials were only published in abstract form. Tight glycaemic targets used in the trials ranged between ≤ 5.0 and 5.1 mmol/L for fasting plasma glucose and ≤ 6.7 and 7.4 mmol/L postprandial. Less‐tight targets for glycaemic control used in the included trials ranged between < 5.3 and 5.8 mmol/L for fasting plasma glucose and < 7.8 and 8.0 mmol/L postprandial. For the maternal outcomes, compared with less‐tight glycaemic control, the evidence suggests a possible increase in  hypertensive disorders of pregnancy  with tighter glycaemic control (risk ratio (RR) 1.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.69, 2 trials, 1491 women; low certainty evidence); however, the 95% CI is compatible with a wide range of effects that encompass both benefit and harm. Tighter glycaemic control likely results in little to no difference in  caesarean section  rates (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.17, 3 studies, 1662 women; moderate certainty evidence) or  induction of labour  rates (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.18, 1 study, 1096 women; moderate certainty evidence) compared with less‐tight control. No data were reported for the outcomes of subsequent development of type 2 diabetes, perineal trauma, return to pre‐pregnancy weight, and postnatal depression. For the infant outcomes, it was difficult to determine if there was a difference in  perinatal mortality  (RR not estimable, 2 studies, 1499 infants; low certainty evidence), and there was likely no difference in being  large‐for‐gestational‐age  (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.29, 3 studies, 1556 infants; moderate certainty evidence). The evidence suggests a possible reduction in the  composite of mortality or serious morbidity  with tighter glycaemic control (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.29, 3 trials, 1559 infants; low certainty evidence); however, the 95% CI is compatible with a wide range of effects that encompass both benefit and harm. There is probably little difference between groups in  infant hypoglycaemia  (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.18, 3 studies, 1556 infants; moderate certainty evidence). Tighter glycaemic control may not reduce  adiposity  in infants of women with GDM compared with less‐tight control (mean difference −0.62%, 95% CI −3.23 to 1.99, 1 study, 60 infants; low certainty evidence), but the wide CI suggests significant uncertainty. We found no data for the long‐term outcomes of diabetes or neurosensory disability. Women assigned to tighter glycaemic control experienced an increase in the use of  pharmacological therapy  compared with women assigned to less‐tight glycaemic control (RR 1.37, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.59, 4 trials, 1718 women). Tighter glycaemic control reduced  adherence  with treatment compared with less‐tight glycaemic control (RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.51, 1 trial, 395 women). Overall the certainty of evidence assessed using GRADE ranged from low to moderate, downgraded primarily due to risk of bias and imprecision. Authors' conclusions This review is based on four trials (1731 women) with an overall unclear risk of bias. The trials provided data on most primary outcomes and suggest that tighter glycaemic control may increase the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The risk of birth of a large‐for‐gestational‐age infant and perinatal mortality may be similar between groups, and tighter glycaemic targets may result in a possible reduction in composite of death or severe infant morbidity. However, the CIs for these outcomes are wide, suggesting both benefit and harm. There remains limited evidence regarding the benefit of different glycaemic targets for women with GDM to minimise adverse effects on maternal and infant health. Glycaemic target recommendations from international professional organisations vary widely and are currently reliant on consensus given the lack of high‐certainty evidence. Further high‐quality trials are needed, and these should assess both short‐ and long‐term health outcomes for women and their babies; include women's experiences; and assess health services costs in order to confirm the current findings. Two trials are ongoing. Plain language summary What is the most effective blood sugar range to guide treatment for women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus in their pregnancy? What is the issue? Up to a quarter of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), depending on their ethnicity and the diagnostic criteria used. GDM is defined as high blood sugar levels (hyperglycaemia) during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of developing high blood pressure (hypertension) and protein in the urine during pregnancy (pre‐eclampsia). These women are more likely to have a caesarean birth and postnatal depression, and to develop type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. The high blood sugar levels that are associated with GDM usually return to normal after the birth, but women with GDM are at risk of developing GDM in future pregnancies. Babies whose mothers have been diagnosed with GDM are at an increased risk of having a birthweight greater than 4000 g, increased risk of birth trauma because of their size, and development of breathing difficulties after birth. These babies are also at higher risk of future obesity and type 2 diabetes. Why is this important? Women with GDM are treated with the aim of controlling high maternal blood sugar levels and reducing the risks of GDM for the mother and the baby. Blood sugar control is monitored by measuring blood sugar concentrations to ensure they are maintained within a predefined level or range. The blood sugar results are usually obtained by the mother using a finger prick to collect a drop of her blood on a test strip, which is inserted into a small machine (a glucometer) that reads the sugar level of the blood on the test strip. The glucometer reading alerts the pregnant woman to her current blood sugar level and is used to guide her treatment, for example how many units of insulin she requires before eating. However, the most effective blood sugar range to aim for and guide treatment in pregnant women with newly diagnosed GDM is currently unclear. What evidence did we find? This is an update on a review completed in 2016. We searched for evidence on 26 September 2022 for randomised controlled trials (a type of study where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different blood sugar ranges in women with GDM and assessed the impact on mother and infant health. We found nine reports from three different trials in this updated review, amounting to a total of four included studies. Each trial compared two blood sugar ranges, one tighter (lower blood sugar targets), and the other less‐tight (higher blood sugar targets), and reported on health outcomes for the pregnant woman and her baby. We found that there may be an increase in the risk of the mother developing high blood pressure and protein in the urine during pregnancy with a lower blood sugar target. We found that there is unlikely to be a difference between blood sugar ranges in rates of caesarean birth or induction of labour. The trials did not report any data for the following outcomes for mothers: subsequent development of type 2 diabetes for the mother, trauma to the perineum, return to pre‐pregnancy weight, and postnatal depression. We are uncertain whether there is any difference in the risk of death for the baby as there were very few deaths in the studies. The evidence shows there is likely no change in the blood sugar levels of the baby and may be no change in the body fat percentage of the baby. The trials did not provide any data for the other main outcomes: long‐term risk of diabetes in the baby and risk of disability in the baby. Lower blood sugar targets likely result in an increase in the use of drug therapy (insulin, metformin, or glyburide) and may result in a large decrease in adherence to treatment. Limitations of the evidence There is some uncertainty in the findings due to a lack of information about how some studies were designed and reported and because for some outcomes there was information from only one study. What does this mean? This review found that there is not yet enough evidence from randomised trials to determine the best blood sugar range for improving health for pregnant women with GDM and their babies. The evidence currently points towards no increased benefit when using lower blood sugar targets. Two trials are ongoing. More high‐quality studies are needed that compare different targets for blood sugar levels and assess both short‐ and long‐term health outcomes for women and their babies to guide treatment. Studies should include women's experiences and assess health services costs.
 Treatments for women with gestational diabetes mellitus: an overview of Cochrane systematic reviews;  Abstract - Background Successful treatments for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have the potential to improve health outcomes for women with GDM and their babies. Objectives To provide a comprehensive synthesis of evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews of the benefits and harms associated with interventions for treating GDM on women and their babies. Methods We searched the  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews  (5 January 2018) for reviews of treatment/management for women with GDM. Reviews of pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes were excluded. Two overview authors independently assessed reviews for inclusion, quality (AMSTAR; ROBIS), quality of evidence (GRADE), and extracted data. Main results We included 14 reviews. Of these, 10 provided relevant high‐quality and low‐risk of bias data (AMSTAR and ROBIS) from 128 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), 27 comparisons, 17,984 women, 16,305 babies, and 1441 children. Evidence ranged from high‐ to very low‐quality (GRADE). Only one effective intervention was found for treating women with GDM. Effective Lifestyle versus usual care Lifestyle intervention versus usual care probably reduces large‐for‐gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 0.71; 6 RCTs, N = 2994; GRADE moderate‐quality). Promising No evidence for any outcome for any comparison could be classified to this category. Ineffective or possibly harmful Lifestyle versus usual care Lifestyle intervention versus usual care probably increases the risk of induction of labour (IOL) suggesting possible harm (average RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.46; 4 RCTs, N = 2699; GRADE moderate‐quality). Exercise versus control Exercise intervention versus control for return to pre‐pregnancy weight suggested ineffectiveness (body mass index, BMI) MD 0.11 kg/m², 95% CI ‐1.04 to 1.26; 3 RCTs, N = 254; GRADE moderate‐quality). Insulin versus oral therapy Insulin intervention versus oral therapy probably increases the risk of IOL suggesting possible harm (RR 1.3, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.75; 3 RCTs, N = 348; GRADE moderate‐quality). Probably ineffective or harmful interventions Insulin versus oral therapy For insulin compared to oral therapy there is probably an increased risk of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (RR 1.89, 95% CI 1.14 to 3.12; 4 RCTs, N = 1214; GRADE moderate‐quality). Inconclusive Lifestyle versus usual care The evidence for childhood adiposity kg/m² (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.11; 3 RCTs, N = 767; GRADE moderate‐quality) and hypoglycaemia was inconclusive (average RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.52; 6 RCTs, N = 3000; GRADE moderate‐quality). Exercise versus control The evidence for caesarean section (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.16; 5 RCTs, N = 316; GRADE moderate quality) and perinatal death or serious morbidity composite was inconclusive (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.12 to 2.61; 2 RCTs, N = 169; GRADE moderate‐quality). Insulin versus oral therapy The evidence for the following outcomes was inconclusive: pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.14, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.52; 10 RCTs, N = 2060), caesarean section (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.14; 17 RCTs, N = 1988), large‐for‐gestational age (average RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.35; 13 RCTs, N = 2352), and perinatal death or serious morbidity composite (RR 1.03; 95% CI 0.84 to 1.26; 2 RCTs, N = 760). GRADE assessment was moderate‐quality for these outcomes. Insulin versus diet The evidence for perinatal mortality was inconclusive (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.33; 4 RCTs, N = 1137; GRADE moderate‐quality). Insulin versus insulin The evidence for insulin aspart versus lispro for risk of caesarean section was inconclusive (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.09; 3 RCTs, N = 410; GRADE moderate quality). No conclusions possible No conclusions were possible for: lifestyle versus usual care (perineal trauma, postnatal depression, neonatal adiposity, number of antenatal visits/admissions); diet versus control (pre‐eclampsia, caesarean section); myo‐inositol versus placebo (hypoglycaemia); metformin versus glibenclamide (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, pregnancy‐induced hypertension, death or serious morbidity composite, insulin versus oral therapy (development of type 2 diabetes); intensive management versus routine care (IOL, large‐for‐gestational age); post‐ versus pre‐prandial glucose monitoring (large‐for‐gestational age). The evidence ranged from moderate‐, low‐ and very low‐quality. Authors' conclusions Currently there is insufficient high‐quality evidence about the effects on health outcomes of relevance for women with GDM and their babies for many of the comparisons in this overview comparing treatment interventions for women with GDM. Lifestyle changes (including as a minimum healthy eating, physical activity and self‐monitoring of blood sugar levels) was the only intervention that showed possible health improvements for women and their babies. Lifestyle interventions may result in fewer babies being large. Conversely, in terms of harms, lifestyle interventions may also increase the number of inductions. Taking insulin was also associated with an increase in hypertensive disorders, when compared to oral therapy. There was very limited information on long‐term health and health services costs. Further high‐quality research is needed. Plain language summary Treatments to improve pregnancy outcomes for women who develop diabetes during pregnancy: an overview of Cochrane systematic reviews What is the issue? The aim of this Cochrane overview was to provide a summary of the effects of interventions for women who develop diabetes during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) and the effects on women's health and the health of their babies. We assessed all relevant Cochrane Reviews (date of last search: January 2018). Why is this important? GDM can occur in mid‐to‐late pregnancy. High blood glucose levels (hyperglycaemia) possibly have negative effects on both the woman and her baby's health in the short‐ and long‐term. For women, GDM can mean an increased risk of developing high blood pressure and protein in the urine (pre‐eclampsia). Women with GDM also have a higher chance of developing type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and stroke later in life. Babies born to mothers with GDM are at increased risk of being large, having low blood glucose (hypoglycaemia) after birth, and yellowing of the skin and eyes (jaundice). As these babies become children, they are at higher risk of being overweight and developing type 2 diabetes. Several Cochrane Reviews have assessed different interventions for women with GDM. This overview brings these reviews together. We looked at diet, exercise, drugs, supplements, lifestyle changes, and ways GDM is managed or responded to by the healthcare team. What evidence did we find? We found 14 Cochrane systematic reviews and included 10 reviews covering 128 studies in our analysis, which included a total of 17,984 women, and their babies. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to high. We looked at: •  Dietary interventions  (including change to low or moderate glycaemic index (GI) diet, calorie restrictions, low carbohydrate diet, high complex carbohydrate diet, high saturated fat diet, high fibre diet, soy‐protein enriched diet, etc.) We found there were not enough data on any one dietary intervention to be able to say whether it helped or not. •  Exercise programmes  (including brisk walking, cycling, resistance circuit‐type training, instruction on active lifestyle, home‐based exercise programme, 6‐week or 10‐week exercise programme, yoga, etc.) Similarly, there were not enough data on any specific exercise regimen to say if it helped or not. •  Taking insulin or other drugs to control diabetes  (including insulin and oral glucose lowering drugs). Insulin probably increases the risk of high blood pressure and its problems in pregnancy (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) when compared to oral therapy (moderate‐quality evidence). •  Supplements  (myo‐inositol given as a water‐soluble powder or capsule). We found there was not enough data to be able to say if myo‐inositol was helpful or not. •  Lifestyle changes  which combine two or more interventions such as: healthy eating, exercise, education, mindfulness eating (focusing the mind on eating), yoga, relaxation, etc. Lifestyle interventions may be associated with fewer babies being born large (moderate‐quality evidence) but may result in an increase in inductions of labour (moderate‐quality evidence). •  Management strategies  (including early birth, methods of blood glucose monitoring). We found little data for strategies which included planned induction of labour or planned birth by caesarean section, and there was no clear difference in outcomes among these care plans. Similarly, we found no clear difference among outcomes for different methods of blood glucose monitoring. What does this mean? There are limited data on the various interventions. Lifestyle changes (including as a minimum healthy eating, physical activity, and self‐monitoring of blood sugar levels) was the only intervention that showed possible health improvements for women and their babies. Lifestyle interventions may result in fewer babies being large. Conversely, in terms of harms, lifestyle interventions may also increase the number of inductions. Taking insulin was also associated with an increase in hypertensive disorders, when compared to oral therapy. There was very limited information on long‐term health and health services costs. Women may wish to discuss lifestyle changes around their individual needs with their health professional. Further high‐quality research is needed.
 Combined diet and exercise interventions for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus;  Abstract - Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a wide range of adverse health consequences for women and their infants in the short and long term. With an increasing prevalence of GDM worldwide, there is an urgent need to assess strategies for GDM prevention, such as combined diet and exercise interventions. This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2015. Objectives To assess the effects of diet interventions in combination with exercise interventions for pregnant women for preventing GDM, and associated adverse health consequences for the mother and her infant/child. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (27 November 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and cluster‐RCTs, comparing combined diet and exercise interventions with no intervention (i.e. standard care), that reported on GDM diagnosis as an outcome. Quasi‐RCTs were excluded. Cross‐over trials were not eligible for inclusion. We planned to include RCTs comparing two or more different diet/exercise interventions, however none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, assessed the risk of bias of the included trials and assessed quality of evidence for selected maternal and infant/child outcomes using the GRADE approach. We checked data for accuracy. Main results In this update, we included 23 RCTs (involving 8918 women and 8709 infants) that compared combined diet and exercise interventions with no intervention (standard care). The studies varied in the diet and exercise programs evaluated and health outcomes reported. None reported receiving funding from a drug manufacturer or agency with interests in the results. Overall risk of bias was judged to be unclear due to the lack of methodological detail reported. Most studies were undertaken in high‐income countries. For our primary review outcomes, there was a possible reduced risk of  GDM  in the diet and exercise intervention group compared with the standard care group (average risk ratio (RR) 0.85, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.71 to 1.01; 6633 women; 19 RCTs; Tau² = 0.05; I² = 42%; P = 0.07;  moderate‐quality evidence ). There was also a possible reduced risk of  caesarean section  (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.02; 6089 women; 14 RCTs;  moderate ‐ quality evidence).  No clear differences were seen between groups for  pre‐eclampsia  (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.22; 5366 participants; 8 RCTs;  low‐quality evidence ),  pregnancy‐induced hypertension and/or hypertension  (average RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.27; 3073 participants; 6 RCTs; Tau² = 0.19; I² = 62%;  very low‐quality evidence ),  perinatal mortality  (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.63; 3757 participants; 2 RCTs;  low‐quality evidence ) or  large‐for‐gestational age  (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.07; 5353 participants; 11 RCTs;  low‐quality evidence ). No data were reported for  infant mortality or morbidity composite. Subgroup analyses (based on trial design, maternal body mass index (BMI) and ethnicity) revealed no clear differential treatment effects. We were unable to assess the impact of maternal age, parity and specific features of the diet and exercise interventions. Findings from sensitivity analyses (based on RCT quality) generally supported those observed in the main analyses. We were not able to perform subgroup analyses based on maternal age, parity or nature of the exercise/dietary interventions due to the paucity of information/data on these characteristics and the inability to meaningfully group intervention characteristics. For most of the secondary review outcomes assessed using GRADE, there were no clear differences between groups, including for  perineal trauma  (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.78 to 2.05; 2733 participants; 2 RCTs;  moderate‐quality evidence ),  neonatal hypoglycaemia  (average RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.67 to 2.98; 3653 participants; 2 RCTs; Tau² = 0.23; I² = 77%;  low quality evidence ); and  childhood adiposity  (BMI z score) (MD 0.05, 95% CI ‐0.29 to 0.40; 794 participants; 2 RCTs; Tau² = 0.04; I² = 59%;  low‐quality evidence ). However, there was evidence of less  gestational weight gain  in the diet and exercise intervention group compared with the control group (mean difference (MD) ‐0.89 kg, 95% CI ‐1.39 to ‐0.40; 5052 women; 16 RCTs; Tau² = 0.37; I² = 43%; moderate‐quality evidence ). No data were reported for  maternal postnatal depression  or  type 2 diabetes ;  childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes, or neurosensory disability . Authors' conclusions Moderate‐quality evidence  suggests reduced risks of GDM and caesarean section with combined diet and exercise interventions during pregnancy as well as reductions in gestational weight gain, compared with standard care. There were no clear differences in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, perinatal mortality, large‐for‐gestational age, perineal trauma, neonatal hypoglycaemia, and childhood adiposity ( moderate‐  to very low‐quality evidence) . Using GRADE methodology, the evidence was assessed as  moderate  to  very low quality.  Downgrading decisions were predominantly due to design limitations (risk of bias), and imprecision (uncertain effect estimates, and at times, small sample sizes and low event rates), however two outcomes (pregnancy‐induced hypertension/hypertension and neonatal hypoglycaemia), were also downgraded for unexplained inconsistency (statistical heterogeneity). Due to the variability of the diet and exercise components tested in the included studies, the evidence in this review has limited ability to inform practice. Future studies could describe the interventions used in more detail, if and how these influenced behaviour change and ideally be standardised between studies. Studies could also consider using existing core outcome sets to facilitate more standardised reporting. Plain language summary Combined diet and exercise in pregnancy for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus Review question What are the effects of combined diet and exercise for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and related health problems for mothers and their babies? This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2015. Background GDM is high blood sugar (hyperglycaemia) during pregnancy. Up to a quarter of pregnant women develop GDM, with some at a higher risk than others (such as overweight or obese women, older women, and those of particular ethnicities). GDM can lead to significant health problems for women and their babies. In the short term, women with GDM may develop pre‐eclampsia (high blood pressure (hypertension) and protein in the urine), or give birth by caesarean section. Their babies may grow large for their gestational age, and, as a result, be injured at birth, and/or cause injury to their mothers during birth. Babies of mothers with GDM often have low blood glucose (hypoglycaemia) and are overweight. Later in life, health problems such as neurosensory disabilities and type 2 diabetes can develop in these babies. Eating well and exercising is known to prevent type 2 diabetes and may be effective for preventing GDM. Study characteristics We searched for evidence in November 2016 and included 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (involving 8918 women and their 8709 babies). Most studies were undertaken in high‐income countries. All of the studies compared women receiving diet and exercise programs with women receiving standard care without diet and exercise programs. The studies varied in the diet and exercise programs evaluated and health outcomes reported. None reported receiving funding from a drug manufacturer or agency with interests in the results. Key results Findings from 19 studies (6633 women) showed a possible reduction in GDM in women who received diet and exercise programs compared with women who received standard care. Fourteen studies (6089 women) showed a possible reduction in caesarean birth (14 studies; 6089 women) and 16 studies (5052 women) showed lower weight gain during pregnancy in women who received exercise programs. We found no differences between groups in other health problems for: pre‐eclampsia (8 studies; 5366 women); high blood pressure (6 studies; 3073 women); a large for age baby at birth (11 studies; 5353 babies); and perineal trauma (2 studies; 2733 women). Death of babies around birth (2 studies; 3757 babies), the baby having low blood glucose after birth (2 studies; 3653 babies), and infants being overweight (2 studies; 794 infants) did not differ in the two groups. Effects on depression or type 2 diabetes for mothers, a combined outcome of death or ill‐health for babies, or type 2 diabetes or neurosensory disability for babies as children were not reported. Participant views of programs were examined. The evidence suggests combined diet and exercise programs may be effective for preventing GDM though the optimum components of these programs are not yet clear. Future studies could describe the interventions used in more detail, if and how these influenced behaviour change and ideally be standardised between studies. Studies could also consider measuring similar maternal and infant outcomes and report them in a standardised way. Quality of the evidence The overall risk of bias was judged unclear due to lack of information on methods. We assessed evidence quality using GRADE considerations for selected key outcomes. Our assessments ranged from moderate to very low.
 Techniques of monitoring blood glucose during pregnancy for women with pre‐existing diabetes;  Abstract - Background There are a number of ways of monitoring blood glucose in women with diabetes during pregnancy, with self‐monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) recommended as a key component of the management plan. No existing systematic reviews consider the benefits/effectiveness of different techniques of blood glucose monitoring on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes. The effectiveness of the various monitoring techniques is unclear. This review is an update of a review that was first published in 2014 and subsequently updated in 2017. Objectives To compare techniques of blood glucose monitoring and their impact on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes. Search methods For this update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (1 November 2018), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing techniques of blood glucose monitoring including SMBG, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), automated telemedicine monitoring or clinic monitoring among pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes mellitus (type 1 or type 2). Trials investigating timing and frequency of monitoring were also eligible for inclusion. RCTs using a cluster‐randomised design were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results This review update includes a total of 12 trials (944) women (type 1 diabetes: 660 women; type 2 diabetes: 113 women; type 1 or type 2 (unspecified): 171 women. The trials took place in Europe, the USA and Canada. Three of the 12 included studies are at low risk of bias, eight studies are at moderate risk of bias, and one study is at high risk of bias. Four trials reported that they were provided with the continuous glucose monitors free of charge or at a reduced cost by the manufacturer. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) versus intermittent glucose monitoring, (four studies, 609 women) CGM may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre‐eclampsia and pregnancy‐induced hypertension) (risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39 to 0.85; 2 studies, 384 women; low‐quality evidence), although it should be noted that only two of the four relevant studies reported data for this composite outcome. Conversely, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre‐eclampsia (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.08; 4 studies, 609 women, moderate‐quality evidence). There was also no clear reduction in caesarean section (average RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.18; 3 studies, 427 women; I 2  = 41%; moderate‐quality evidence) or large‐for‐gestational age (average RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.26; 3 studies, 421 women; I 2  = 70%; low‐quality evidence) with CGM. There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.05 to 12.61, 71 infants, 1 study; low‐quality evidence), or mortality or morbidity composite (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.06; 1 study, 200 women) as the evidence was based on single studies of low quality. CGM appears to reduce neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.93; 3 studies, 428 infants). Neurosensory disability was not reported. Other methods of glucose monitoring For the following five comparisons, self‐monitoring versus a different type of self‐monitoring (two studies, 43 women); self‐monitoring at home versus hospitalisation (one study, 100 women), pre‐prandial versus post‐prandial glucose monitoring (one study, 61 women), automated telemedicine monitoring versus conventional system (three studies, 84 women), and constant CGM versus intermittent CGM (one study, 25 women), it is uncertain whether any of the interventions has any impact on any of our GRADE outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesarean section, large‐for‐gestational age) because the quality of the evidence was found to be very low. This was due to evidence largely being derived from single trials, with design limitations and limitations with imprecision (wide CIs, small sample sizes, and few events). There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality and neonatal mortality and morbidity composite. Other important outcomes, such as neurosensory disability, were not reported in any of these comparisons. Authors' conclusions Two new studies (406 women) have been incorporated to one of the comparisons for this update. Although the evidence suggests that CGM in comparison to intermittent glucose monitoring may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre‐eclampsia, and so this result should be viewed with caution. There was no evidence of a difference for other primary outcomes for this comparison. The evidence base for the effectiveness of other monitoring techniques analysed in the other five comparisons is weak and based on mainly single studies with very low‐quality evidence. Additional evidence from large well‐designed randomised trials is required to inform choices of other glucose monitoring techniques and to confirm the effectiveness of CGM. Plain language summary Methods for monitoring blood glucose in pregnant women with diabetes to improve outcomes What is the issue and why is this important? If a mother already has diabetes when she becomes pregnant, she and her baby are at higher risk of various problems. Women with existing diabetes that is not well‐controlled at conception and in the first three months of pregnancy are at increased risk of miscarriage, having a baby with developmental problems or stillbirth. The baby is also at increased risk of developing diabetes in childhood. Problems for mothers include developing high blood pressure and associated ill‐health, early births, large babies, difficult births and the need for caesarean section. During labour the baby is at increased risk of a shoulder becoming stuck (shoulder dystocia) and of bleeding in the brain (intracranial haemorrhage). After birth the baby is more likely to have low blood sugar levels (hypoglycaemia), jaundice and breathing problems. This means they are more likely to be admitted to intensive care. During pregnancy, the mother will have her blood glucose (sugar) levels monitored so appropriate steps can be taken to control her blood sugar. Several methods of monitoring blood glucose are used, including regular testing at antenatal clinics and self‐monitoring by women at home. The timing varies, such as monitoring before meals versus monitoring after meals, and how often levels are measured. For continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), technologies are used to transfer information directly from the woman to her clinician and include telemedicine (telephone and video systems, information technology) and digital technologies (mobile phones, tablets). The aim of these methods is to provide a more accurate measure of blood sugar levels so that they can be more effectively controlled, in order to reduce potential problems. What evidence did we find? This is an update of a review first published in 2014, updated in 2017. We searched for evidence from randomised controlled studies in November 2018. We identified 12 studies involving 944 women (type 1 diabetes: 660 women; type 2 diabetes: 113 women; in two trials (171 women) there was a mix of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. The trials were from Europe, USA and Canada. There were six comparisons. These were: continuous versus intermittent monitoring of blood glucose (four studies, 609 women); two different ways of self‐monitoring (two studies, 43 women); self‐monitoring at home versus hospitalisation to control blood glucose levels (one study, 100 women); blood glucose monitoring before a meal (pre‐prandial) versus blood glucose monitoring after a meal (post‐prandial) (one study, 61 women); automated telemedicine monitoring versus conventional care (three studies, 84 women); and constant continuous monitoring versus intermittent continuous monitoring (one study, 25 women), Continuous versus intermittent monitoring may reduce overall high blood pressure problems during pregnancy (two studies, 384 women, low‐quality evidence). However, it should be noted that only two of four relevant studies reported data for this outcome. There was more evidence on high blood pressure and protein in their urine (pre‐eclampsia), which showed no clear difference (four studies, 609 women). We also found no difference in the number of women having a caesarean section (three studies, 427 women; moderate‐quality evidence). There was not enough evidence to assess infant deaths or the combined outcome of infant deaths and ill‐health as these outcomes were based on single studies. Four studies received some support from commercial partners. The other comparisons of different ways of monitoring blood glucose levels were based on very small studies or single studies with very low‐quality evidence that did not show any clear differences in outcomes. What does this mean? Although the evidence from randomised controlled studies suggests that continuous monitoring of blood glucose levels may be more effective in reducing high blood pressure problems during pregnancy, only two studies reported on this. There was no clear reduction for pre‐eclampsia based on evidence from four studies. For other methods of glucose monitoring, the review showed that there is not enough evidence to say with any certainty which monitoring method for blood glucose is best. More research is needed to find out which other monitoring method is best at reducing the risk of complications for pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes and to confirm the effectiveness of continuous glucose monitoring.
 Dietary advice interventions in pregnancy for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus;  Abstract - Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of diabetes occurring during pregnancy which can result in short‐ and long‐term adverse outcomes for women and babies. With an increasing prevalence worldwide, there is a need to assess strategies, including dietary advice interventions, that might prevent GDM. Objectives To assess the effects of dietary advice interventions for preventing GDM and associated adverse health outcomes for women and their babies. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (3 January 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs assessing the effects of dietary advice interventions compared with no intervention (standard care), or to different dietary advice interventions. Cluster‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 11 trials involving 2786 women and their babies, with an overall unclear to moderate risk of bias. Six trials compared dietary advice interventions with standard care; four compared low glycaemic index (GI) with moderate‐ to high‐GI dietary advice; one compared specific (high‐fibre focused) with standard dietary advice. Dietary advice interventions versus standard care (six trials) Considering primary outcomes, a trend towards a reduction in GDM was observed for women receiving dietary advice compared with standard care (average risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.35 to 1.04; five trials, 1279 women; Tau² = 0.20; I² = 56%; P = 0.07; GRADE:  very low‐quality evidence ); subgroup analysis suggested a greater treatment effect for overweight and obese women receiving dietary advice. While no clear difference was observed for pre‐eclampsia (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.46; two trials, 282 women; GRADE:  low‐quality evidence ) a reduction in pregnancy‐induced hypertension was observed for women receiving dietary advice (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.88; two trials, 282 women; GRADE:  low‐quality evidence ). One trial reported on perinatal mortality, and no deaths were observed (GRADE:  very low‐quality evidence ). None of the trials reported on large‐for‐gestational age or neonatal mortality and morbidity. For secondary outcomes, no clear differences were seen for caesarean section (average RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.24; four trials, 1194 women; Tau² = 0.02; I² = 36%; GRADE:  low‐quality evidence ) or perineal trauma (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.23 to 3.08; one trial, 759 women; GRADE:  very low‐quality evidence ). Women who received dietary advice gained less weight during pregnancy (mean difference (MD) ‐4.70 kg, 95% CI ‐8.07 to ‐1.34; five trials, 1336 women; Tau² = 13.64; I² = 96%; GRADE:  low‐quality evidence ); the result should be interpreted with some caution due to considerable heterogeneity. No clear differences were seen for the majority of secondary outcomes reported, including childhood/adulthood adiposity (skin‐fold thickness at six months) (MD ‐0.10 mm, 95% CI ‐0.71 to 0.51; one trial, 132 children; GRADE:  low‐quality evidence ). Women receiving dietary advice had a lower well‐being score between 14 and 28 weeks, more weight loss at three months, and were less likely to have glucose intolerance (one trial). The trials did not report on other secondary outcomes, particularly those related to long‐term health and health service use and costs. We were not able to assess the following outcomes using GRADE: postnatal depression; maternal type 2 diabetes; neonatal hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes; and neurosensory disability. Low‐GI dietary advice versus moderate‐ to high‐GI dietary advice (four trials) Considering primary outcomes, no clear differences were shown in the risks of GDM (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.31; four trials, 912 women; GRADE:  low‐quality evidence ) or large‐for‐gestational age (average RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.86; three trials, 777 babies; Tau² = 0.61; P = 0.07; I² = 62%; GRADE:  very low‐quality evidence ) between the low‐GI and moderate‐ to high‐GI dietary advice groups. The trials did not report on: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; perinatal mortality; neonatal mortality and morbidity. No clear differences were shown for caesarean birth (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.79 to 2.04; two trials, 201 women; GRADE:  very low‐quality evidence ) and gestational weight gain (MD ‐1.23 kg, 95% CI ‐4.08 to 1.61; four trials, 787 women; Tau² = 7.31; I² = 90%; GRADE:  very low‐quality evidence ), or for other reported secondary outcomes. The trials did not report the majority of secondary outcomes including those related to long‐term health and health service use and costs. We were not able to assess the following outcomes using GRADE: perineal trauma; postnatal depression; maternal type 2 diabetes; neonatal hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood adiposity; type 2 diabetes; and neurosensory disability. High‐fibre dietary advice versus standard dietary advice (one trial) The one trial in this comparison reported on two secondary outcomes. No clear difference between the high‐fibre and standard dietary advice groups observed for mean blood glucose (following an oral glucose tolerance test at 35 weeks), and birthweight. Authors' conclusions Very low‐quality evidence from five trials suggests a possible reduction in GDM risk for women receiving dietary advice versus standard care, and low‐quality evidence from four trials suggests no clear difference for women receiving low‐ versus moderate‐ to high‐GI dietary advice. A possible reduction in pregnancy‐induced hypertension for women receiving dietary advice was observed and no clear differences were seen for other reported primary outcomes. There were few outcome data for secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using GRADE, evidence was considered to be low to very low quality, with downgrading based on study limitations (risk of bias), imprecision, and inconsistency. More high‐quality evidence is needed to determine the effects of dietary advice interventions in pregnancy. Future trials should be designed to monitor adherence, women's views and preferences, and powered to evaluate effects on short‐ and long‐term outcomes; there is a need for such trials to collect and report on core outcomes for GDM research. We have identified five ongoing studies and four are awaiting classification. We will consider these in the next review update. Plain language summary Dietary advice during pregnancy to prevent gestational diabetes What is the issue? Can dietary advice for pregnant women prevent the development of diabetes in pregnancy, known as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which can cause health complications for women and their babies? Why is this important? Women with GDM have an increased risk of developing high blood pressure and protein in their urine during pregnancy (pre‐eclampsia), and of having a caesarean section birth. Their babies may grow large and, as a result, be injured at birth, or cause injury to their mothers during birth. Additionally, there can be long‐term health problems for women and their babies, including an increased risk of cardiovascular disease or type 2 diabetes. The number of women being diagnosed with GDM is increasing around the world, so finding simple and cost‐effective ways to prevent women developing GDM is important. Carbohydrates are the main nutrient affecting blood glucose after meals. The glycaemic index (GI) can be used to characterise the capability of carbohydrate‐based foods to raise these levels. Some diets, for example, those with low‐fibre and high‐GI foods, can increase the risk of developing GDM. It has been suggested that dietary advice interventions in pregnancy may help to prevent women developing GDM. What evidence did we find? We searched for studies on 3 January 2016, and included 11 randomised controlled trials involving 2786 pregnant women and their babies. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low and the overall risk of bias of the trials was unclear to moderate. Six trials compared dietary advice with standard care, four compared advice focused on a low‐GI diet with advice for a moderate‐ to high‐GI diet, and one compared dietary advice focused on a high‐fibre diet with standard advice. There was a possible reduction in the development of GDM for women who received dietary advice versus standard care across five trials (1279 women,  very low‐quality evidence ), though no clear difference for GDM was seen between women who received low‐ versus moderate‐ to high‐GI diet advice across four trials (912 women,  low‐quality evidence ). Two trials (282 women) reported no clear difference between women who received dietary advice versus standard care for pre‐eclampsia ( low‐quality evidence ), though fewer women who received dietary advice developed pregnancy‐induced high blood pressure ( low‐quality evidence ). There was no clear difference between the groups of women who received low‐GI and moderate‐ to high‐GI diet advice, in the number of babies born large‐for‐gestational age across three trials (777 babies,  very low‐quality evidence ). Only one trial comparing dietary advice with standard care reported on the number of babies who died (either before birth or shortly afterwards), with no deaths in this trial. There were no clear differences for most of the other outcomes assessed in the trials comparing dietary advice with standard care. including caesarean section, perineal trauma, and child skin‐fold thickness at six months. However, women who received dietary advice gained less weight during their pregnancy across five trials (1336 women) ( low‐quality evidence ). Similarly, there were no clear differences for other outcomes assessed in the trials comparing low‐ and moderate‐ to high‐GI diet advice, including for caesarean birth and weight gain in pregnancy. The trial comparing dietary advice focused on a high‐fibre diet with standard advice found no clear differences for any outcomes. The included trials did not report on a large number of outcomes listed in this review, including outcomes relating to longer‐term health for the women and their babies (as children and adults), and the use and cost of health services. What does this mean? Dietary advice interventions for pregnant women may be able to prevent GDM. Based on current trials, however, conclusive evidence is not yet available to guide practice. Further large, well‐designed, randomised controlled trials are required to assess the effects of dietary interventions in pregnancy for preventing GDM and improving other health outcomes for mothers and their babies in the short and long term. Five trials are ongoing, and four await classification (pending availability of more information) and will be considered in the next update of this review.
 Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus;  Abstract - Background Dietary advice is the main strategy for managing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It remains unclear what type of advice is best. Objectives To assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM for improving health outcomes for women and babies. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (8 March 2016),  PSANZ 's Trials Registry (22 March 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed study eligibility, risk of bias, and extracted data. Evidence quality for two comparisons was assessed using GRADE, for primary outcomes for the mother: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; caesarean section; type 2 diabetes mellitus; and child: large‐for‐gestational age; perinatal mortality; neonatal mortality or morbidity composite; neurosensory disability; secondary outcomes for the mother: induction of labour; perineal trauma; postnatal depression; postnatal weight retention or return to pre‐pregnancy weight; and child: hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood adiposity; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes mellitus. Main results In this update, we included 19 trials randomising 1398 women with GDM, at an overall unclear to moderate risk of bias (10 comparisons). For outcomes assessed using GRADE, downgrading was based on study limitations, imprecision and inconsistency. Where no findings are reported below for primary outcomes or pre‐specified GRADE outcomes, no data were provided by included trials. Primary outcomes Low‐moderate glycaemic index (GI) versus moderate‐high GI diet (four trials):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 2.34; two trials, 89 infants;  low‐quality evidence ); severe hypertension or pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.86; one trial, 95 women;  very low‐quality evidence ); eclampsia (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.14; one trial, 83 women;  very low‐quality evidence ) or caesarean section (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.29 to 1.47; one trial, 63 women;  low‐quality evidence ). Energy‐restricted versus no energy‐restricted diet (three trials):  no clear differences seen for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.65 to 2.12; one trial, 123 infants;  low‐quality evidence ); perinatal mortality (no events; two trials, 423 infants;  low‐quality evidence ); pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.97; one trial, 117 women;  low‐quality evidence ); or caesarean section (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.56; two trials, 420 women;  low‐quality evidence ). DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet versus control diet (three trials):  no clear differences observed for: pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.31 to 3.26; three trials, 136 women); however there were fewer caesarean sections in the DASH diet group (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.76; two trials, 86 women). Low‐carbohydrate versus high‐carbohydrate diet (two trials):  no clear differences seen for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.95; one trial, 149 infants); perinatal mortality (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.12 to 72.49; one trial, 150 infants); maternal hypertension (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.22; one trial, 150 women); or caesarean section (RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.99; two trials, 179 women). High unsaturated fat versus low unsaturated fat diet (two trials):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.37; one trial, 27 infants); pre‐eclampsia (no cases; one trial, 27 women); hypertension in pregnancy (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.06 to 5.26; one trial, 27 women); caesarean section (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.50; one trial, 27 women); diabetes at one to two weeks (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.45 to 8.94; one trial, 24 women) or four to 13 months postpartum (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.10 to 9.61; one trial, six women). Low‐GI versus high‐fibre moderate‐GI diet (one trial):  no clear differences seen for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 2.87, 95% CI 0.61 to 13.50; 92 infants); caesarean section (RR 1.91, 95% CI 0.91 to 4.03; 92 women); or type 2 diabetes at three months postpartum (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.11 to 5.01; 58 women). Diet recommendation plus diet‐related behavioural advice versus diet recommendation only (one trial):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.25 to 2.14; 99 infants); or caesarean section (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.62; 99 women). Soy protein‐enriched versus no soy protein diet (one trial):  no clear differences seen for: pre‐eclampsia (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.19 to 21.03; 68 women); or caesarean section (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.77; 68 women). High‐fibre versus standard‐fibre diet (one trial):  no primary outcomes reported. Ethnic‐specific versus standard healthy diet (one trial):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.14, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.45; 20 infants); neonatal composite adverse outcome (no events; 20 infants); gestational hypertension (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.02 to 7.32; 20 women); or caesarean birth (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.54 to 2.67; 20 women). Secondary outcomes For secondary outcomes assessed using GRADE no differences were observed: between a low‐moderate and moderate‐high GI diet for induction of labour (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.33 to 2.34; one trial, 63 women;  low‐quality evidence ); or an energy‐restricted and no energy‐restricted diet for induction of labour (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.53; one trial, 114 women,  low‐quality evidence ) and neonatal hypoglycaemia (average RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.48 to 2.32; two trials, 408 infants;  very low‐quality evidence ). Few other clear differences were observed for reported outcomes. Longer‐term health outcomes and health services use and costs were largely not reported. Authors' conclusions Evidence from 19 trials assessing different types of dietary advice for women with GDM suggests no clear differences for primary outcomes and secondary outcomes assessed using GRADE, except for a possible reduction in caesarean section for women receiving a DASH diet compared with a control diet. Few differences were observed for secondary outcomes. Current evidence is limited by the small number of trials in each comparison, small sample sizes, and variable methodological quality. More evidence is needed to assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM. Future trials should be adequately powered to evaluate short‐ and long‐term outcomes. Plain language summary Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus What is the issue? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a carbohydrate intolerance resulting in excess of sugar in the blood (hyperglycaemia) that begins or is first recognised during pregnancy. Dietary counselling or advice is the main strategy for helping women manage GDM, but it is not clear what dietary advice is best. In this review we set out to determine what dietary advice for women with GDM is best for reducing health complications for women and their babies. Why is this important? Women with GDM are at increased risk of developing high blood pressure and pre‐eclampsia (high blood pressure with swelling and protein in the urine) during pregnancy. The babies can grow large for their gestational age. As a result, they may be injured at birth, or cause injury to their mothers during the birth. The babies are more likely to have their birth induced or be born by caesarean section. Both the women and their babies are at increased risk of long‐term health problems including type 2 diabetes and disability. What evidence did we find? We searched the medical literature on 8 March 2016 and for this updated review we included 19 randomised controlled trials involving 1398 women with GDM and their babies. The overall risk of bias of the trials was unclear or moderate because of methodological limitations and the quality of the evidence was low or very low. The studies were generally small, few compared the same or similar interventions, and the outcomes they reported on were not comprehensive. Ten different dietary advice comparisons were included. These were: 1) a low‐moderate glycaemic index (GI) diet with a moderate‐high GI diet (four trials); 2) an energy‐restricted diet with a diet with no energy restriction (three trials); 3) a 'Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)' diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products with a control diet (three trials); 4) a low‐carbohydrate diet with a high‐carbohydrate diet (two trials); 5) a high unsaturated fat diet with a low unsaturated fat diet (two trials); 6) a low‐GI diet with a high‐fibre moderate‐GI diet (one trial); 7) diet recommendations and diet‐related behavioural advice with diet recommendations only (one trial); 8) a soy protein‐enriched diet with a diet with no soy protein (one trial); 9) a high‐fibre diet with a standard‐fibre diet (one trial); and 10) an ethnic‐specific diet with a standard healthy diet (one trial). The review found no clear differences between the different types of dietary advice on the number of women with high blood pressure during pregnancy including pre‐eclampsia (nine trials in six different diet comparisons), large‐for‐gestational age babies (eight trials in seven different diet comparisons), perinatal deaths including stillbirth and death around the time of the birth (three trials in two different diet comparisons), type 2 diabetes development for the mother (two trials in two different diet comparisons), and a composite outcome of neonatal deaths or ill‐health (one trial in one diet comparison). No clear difference was seen in the number of babies delivered by caesarean section (10 trials in eight different diet comparisons) except for a reduction with a DASH diet. None of the included trials reported on later disability during childhood for the babies. A range of other outcomes were looked at with no consistent differences reported between the different types of dietary advice. Outcomes related to longer‐term health for women and their babies, and the use and costs of health services were largely not reported. What does this mean? Dietary advice is the main strategy for managing GDM, however it remains unclear what type of advice is best. Conclusive evidence from randomised controlled trials is not yet available to guide practice, although a wide range of dietary advice interventions have been investigated. Few trials have compared the same or similar interventions, trials have been small and have reported limited findings. Further large, well‐designed, randomised controlled trials are required to assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM for improving health outcomes for women and their babies in the short and long term.
 Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections of insulin for pregnant women with diabetes;  Abstract - Background Diabetes results in a rise in blood glucose above normal physiological levels; if untreated this may cause damage to many systems including the cardiovascular and renal systems. Pregnancy increases resistance to insulin action; for those women who have pre‐gestational diabetes, this results in an increasing insulin requirement. There are several methods of administering insulin. Conventionally, insulin has been administered subcutaneously, formally referred to as intensive conventional treatment, but now more usually referred to as multiple daily injections (MDI). An alternative method of insulin administration is the continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion pump (CSII). Objectives To compare CSII with MDI of insulin for pregnant women with pre‐existing and gestational diabetes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 March 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing CSII with MDI for pregnant women with diabetes. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed studies and two review authors extracted data. Disagreements were resolved through discussion with the third author. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included five single‐centre trials (undertaken in Italy) with 153 women and 154 pregnancies in this review. There were no clear differences in the primary outcomes reported between CSII and MDI in the included trials:  caesarean section  (risk ratio (RR) 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 1.77; three trials, 71 women,  evidence graded very low ),  large‐for‐gestational age  (RR 4.15, 95% CI 0.49 to 34.95; three trials, 73 infants;  evidence graded very low ), and  perinatal mortality  (RR 2.33, 95% CI 0.38 to 14.32; four trials, 83 infants,  evidence graded very low ). Other primary outcomes were not reported in these trials ( hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, development of type 2 diabetes, composite outcome of serious neonatal outcomes , and  neurosensory disability ). There was no clear evidence of differences in the maternal secondary outcomes:  maternal weight gain during pregnancy ,  24 hour mean blood glucose  in each trimester,  mean maternal HbA1c  in each trimester,  maternal hypoglycaemia , and  maternal hyperglycaemia . The included studies did not report several GRADE outcomes:  perineal trauma ,  return to pre‐pregnancy weight ,  postnatal depression ,  induction of labour.  Many maternal secondary outcomes were also not reported. In two trials, including a total of 61 infants, CSII was associated with an increase in  mean birthweight  compared with MDI (mean difference (MD) 220.56 g, 95% CI ‐2.09 g to 443.20 g; P = 0.05). However, the large CI including anything from a small reduction to an increase in mean birthweight and the lack of a difference in  macrosomia  rate (RR 3.20, CI 0.14 to 72.62; two trials, 61 infants) suggests uncertainty.  Large‐for‐gestational age  (see above), and small‐for‐gestational age  also suggests uncertainty of effect. No significant differences were found in:  gestation at delivery ,  preterm birth < 37 weeks' gestation ,  preterm birth < 32 weeks' gestation ,  neonatal hypoglycaemia  ( evidence graded very low),   respiratory distress syndrome ,  neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia , and  fetal anomaly . There were no data reported on many important infant outcomes, including the GRADE outcomes  adiposity  and  diabetes.  There was no follow‐up of infants in childhood or adulthood, so longer‐term outcomes were not reported. The only outcome reported for use of health service resources was maternal days hospitalised,  which did not show a difference between groups in the small number of women included (MD 9.40, CI ‐6.04 to 24.84; one trial, 10 women). The methods used by the trials were poorly reported, for example although blinding of participants and clinicians regarding intervention allocation is impossible, it is possible to blind assessors and this along with other aspects of trial methods was not reported, which means that the trials are at an unclear or high risk of bias. We do not know if the women who participated were representative, and therefore if the results can be generalised. Most GRADE outcomes were not reported. For the GRADE outcomes that were reported, our assessment was that the evidence is  very low quality  ( caesarean section, large‐for‐gestational age, perinatal mortality,  and neonatal hypoglycaemia ). This was due to design limitations in the included trials, small sample sizes in the trials contributing data, wide CIs crossing both the line of no effect and the line of appreciable benefit and/or harm, and often few events. We are therefore uncertain whether CSII or MDI improves outcomes for pregnant women with diabetes and their infants, and the results of further studies may differ substantially from those presented in this review. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence to support the use of one particular form of insulin administration over another for pregnant women with diabetes. There are only a small number of trials appropriate for meta‐analysis, a small number of women included and questionable generalisability of the trial population. Pump technology has progressed since these trials were undertaken. Well‐designed randomised trials are required to evaluate comparisons such as patch pumps against MDI and more conventional CSII against MDI. These trials should be adequately powered to assess the effect of interventions, and report the core set of outcomes used in Cochrane reviews of diabetes in pregnancy. Trials to assess the effects of pumps on birthweight and macrosomia rates are needed. It would be beneficial for future trials to undertake longer‐term follow‐up of participants and their infants, assess women's preferences, and conduct an economic evaluation. Plain language summary Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections of insulin for pregnant women with diabetes What is the issue? Diabetes is a condition in which glucose (sugar) in the blood is too high because the body does not respond to insulin or not enough insulin is made. Insulin is a hormone made by the pancreas, which allows glucose to enter the cells where it is used as fuel by the body. Controlling blood sugar levels is important because levels that are too high or too low can affect the brain and other organs of the body. Poor blood sugar control in pregnant women with diabetes can lead to large babies who may then have a difficult birth. It also increases the chance of abnormalities in the baby, miscarriage, or stillbirth. Traditionally, insulin is given as multiple daily injections (MDI), however a small pump can continuously give insulin through a fine tube under the skin (CSII). Why is this important? An insulin pump may help pregnant women keep their blood glucose more stable than multiple injections. It might stop the woman's blood sugar level going too high or too low, which would be better for the mother and her baby and it may be more acceptable to women. This review compared the positive and negative effects of CSII and MDI to work out which is best for mothers and infants. What evidence did we find? Five randomised trials involving 153 women (154 pregnancies) were included. These trials did not report many of the outcomes we had hoped to look at. The evidence was judged to be very low quality for important outcomes (caesarean section, large‐for‐gestational age, perinatal mortality, and neonatal hypoglycaemia). This was because the trials were small, may not have been fair tests, and did not show a clear difference between MDI and CSII. There were no clear differences in any of the reported outcomes between women who had insulin via a pump rather than as multiple injections. For mothers, this included caesarean section, weight gain during pregnancy, and blood sugar levels. For babies, this included the baby's weight, if they were born premature, and problems such as difficulty breathing, a low Apgar score at birth, low blood sugar, jaundice, or physical abnormalities. In one small trial, there was no difference in the number of days mothers spent in hospital. This was the only measure of cost or use of health service resources reported. What does this mean? The trials did not provide enough information to know whether an insulin pump or multiple injections are better for a pregnant woman with diabetes or her baby. More research is needed, with bigger groups of women, good reporting of how the trials were undertaken, more outcomes assessed and reported, and using the latest pump technology and insulins.
 Probiotic treatment for women with gestational diabetes to improve maternal and infant health and well‐being;  Abstract - Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance first recognised during pregnancy and associated with complications for mothers and babies. Probiotics are naturally occurring micro‐organisms, which when ingested in adequate amounts, may confer health benefits. Evidence of the role of probiotics as treatment for GDM is limited. Objectives To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of probiotics in treating women with GDM on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register  ClinicalTrials.gov , WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (24 July 2019), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of probiotics versus placebo/standard care for the treatment of GDM. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, checked data accuracy, and assessed risk of bias of included trials. The certainty of evidence for selected maternal and infant/child outcomes was assessed using GRADE. Main results Nine RCTs (695 pregnant women with GDM) comparing probiotics versus placebo were identified. The overall risk of bias in the nine RCTs was low to unclear and the evidence was downgraded for imprecision due to the small numbers of women participating in the trials. The trials were carried out in hospitals and universities in Iran (seven trials), Thailand (one trial) and Ireland (one trial). All trials compared probiotics with placebo. Maternal outcomes We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect compared with placebo on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, (risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 3.53; participants = 256; studies = 3; low‐certainty evidence) and mode of birth as caesareans (average RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.30 to 1.35; participants = 267; studies = 3; low‐certainty evidence) because the certainty of evidence is low and the 95% CIs span possible benefit and possible harm . No trials reported primary outcomes of: mode of birth as vaginal/assisted and subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect compared with placebo on induction of labour (RR 1.33, 95% CI 0.74 to 2.37; participants = 127; studies = 1; very low‐certainty evidence). For other secondary maternal outcomes, we are uncertain if there are differences between probiotics and placebo for: postpartum haemorrhage; weight gain during pregnancy intervention and total gestational weight gain; fasting plasma glucose and need for extra pharmacotherapy (insulin). Probiotics may be associated with a slight reduction in triglycerides and total cholesterol. In probiotics compared with placebo, there was evidence of reduction in markers for insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) and HOMA‐B; and insulin secretion. There was also an increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Probiotics were associated with minor benefits in relevant bio‐markers with evidence of a reduction in inflammatory markers high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), interleukin 6 (IL‐6), and marker of oxidative stress malondialdehyde; and an increase in antioxidant total glutathione, but we are uncertain if there is any difference in total antioxidant capacity. No trials reported secondary outcomes: perineal trauma, postnatal weight retention or return to pre‐pregnancy weight and postnatal depression. Infant/child/adult outcomes We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect, compared with placebo, on the risk of large‐for‐gestational‐age babies (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.52; participants = 174; studies = 2; low‐certainty evidence) or infant hypoglycaemia (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.84; participants = 177; studies = 3; low ‐ certainty evidence) because the certainty of evidence is low and the 95% CIs span possible benefit and possible harm. No trials reported primary outcomes of: perinatal (fetal/neonatal) mortality; or neurosensory disability. For other secondary outcomes, we are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotics and placebo in gestational age at birth, preterm birth, macrosomia, birthweight, head circumference, length, infant hypoglycaemia, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions. There was evidence of a reduction in infant hyperbilirubinaemia with probiotics compared with placebo. No trials reported secondary outcomes: infant adiposity, and later childhood adiposity. There were no adverse events reported by any of the trials. Authors' conclusions Low‐certainty evidence means we are not certain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo groups in maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesareans; and large‐for‐gestational‐age babies . There were no adverse events reported by the trials. Due to the variability of probiotics used and small sample sizes of trials, evidence from this review has limited ability to inform practice. Well‐designed adequately‐powered trials are needed to identify whether probiotics may improve maternal blood glucose levels and/or infant/child/adult outcomes; and whether they can be used to treat GDM. Plain language summary Probiotics as an added treatment for gestational diabetes to improve mother and baby outcomes What is the issue? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance resulting in high blood glucose levels, first recognised during pregnancy. Pregnant women with GDM are at risk of high blood pressure, labour induction, and caesareans. Their babies are at risk of being born large, birth difficulties, respiratory distress, low blood glucose at birth and jaundice that can cause brain injury. There is increased risks of having long‐term diabetes in the mother, and the baby being overweight. Probiotics are micro‐organisms naturally in food and are in fermented milk, yogurt, or capsules. There are many different probiotics; the two most used are  Lactobacillus  and  Bifidobacterium,  and if consumed in adequate amounts may confer health benefits. Why is this important? Probiotics need to be safe and maternal blood glucose levels carefully managed during pregnancy. Women with GDM may receive dietary and physical activity education with monitoring blood glucose levels as initial management. When blood glucose levels are above a certain threshold, women with GDM are prescribed glucose‐lowering medications including metformin and/or insulin. This review aimed to determine the safety and effectiveness of probiotics in treating women with GDM. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence for randomised controlled trials (latest July 2019). We identified nine studies, involving 695 women with GDM. All trials compared probiotics with placebo. The certainty of the evidence was assessed as very low or low. The overall risk of bias was low to unclear. Seven trials were conducted in Iran; one in Thailand, and one in Ireland. Trials took place in hospitals and universities. We are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo in rates of: high blood‐pressure disorders (three studies, 256 participants, low‐certainty evidence); caesarean section (three studies, 267 women, low‐certainty evidence );  and large‐for‐gestational‐age babies (two studies, 174 participants, low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo for induction of labour (one study, 127 participants, very low‐certainty evidence) and low blood glucose levels in the newborn (three studies, 177 participants, low‐certainty evidence). We are also uncertain if there is any difference between probiotics and placebo for heavy bleeding immediately after birth, weight gain during pregnancy or total gestational weight gain. We are uncertain if there is any difference in fasting blood glucose between probiotics and placebo (seven studies, 554 participants). Probiotics may be assoicated with a slight reduction in triglycerides and total cholesterol (four studies, 320 participants). There was reduction in insulin secretion with probiotics (seven studies, 505 participants). One trial (60 participants) showed no difference between groups in need for insulin. Biomarkers, did show a reduction in insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), (seven studies, 505 participants) and insulin resistance and β cell function (HOMA‐B) (two studies,130 participants) with probiotics. Quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) increased (four studies, 276 participants) with probiotics. Inflammatory markers, hs‐CRP (four studies, 248 participants) and interleukin 6 (two studies, 128 participants) were reduced with probiotics. Antioxidant total glutathione was increased (two studies, 120 participants) and the oxidative stress biomarker malondialdehyde was reduced with probiotics (three studies, 176 participants). We are uncertain if there is any difference in total antioxidant capacity (four studies 266 participants). For the newborn baby, we are uncertain if there is any difference between groups for: birthweight, gestational age at birth, preterm births, large babies, head circumference and length scores, or need for admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. The number of babies with high levels of bilirubin was reduced with probiotics. No adverse events were reported by the trials. What does this mean? Based on the clinical trials available, the evidence is limited to support the use of probiotics as treatment for women with GDM to improve pregnancy outcomes for mothers and their babies. Larger well‐designed randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the effects of probiotics on management of glucose levels and when available, they can be included in the update of this review.
 Preconception care for diabetic women for improving maternal and infant health;  Abstract - Background Infants born to mothers with pre‐existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality and significant morbidity in the short and long term. Pregnant women with pre‐existing diabetes are at greater risk of perinatal morbidity and diabetic complications. The relationship between glycaemic control and health outcomes for both mothers and infants indicates the potential for preconception care for these women to be of benefit. This is an update of the original review, which was first published in 2010. Objectives To assess the effects of preconception care in women with diabetes on health outcomes for mothers and their infants. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (31 January 2017) and reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effects of preconception care for diabetic women. Cluster‐RCTs and quasi‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. We checked data for accuracy and assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included three trials involving 254 adolescent girls with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, with an overall unclear to high risk of bias. The three trials were conducted at diabetes clinics in the USA, and assessed the READY‐Girls (Reproductive‐health Education and Awareness of Diabetes in Youth for Girls) programme versus standard care. Considering primary outcomes, one trial reported no pregnancies in the trial period (12 months) (very low‐quality evidence, with downgrading based on study limitations (risk of bias) and imprecision); in the other two trials, pregnancy was an exclusion criterion, or was not clearly reported on. None of the trials reported on the other primary maternal outcomes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and caesarean section; or primary infant outcomes, large‐for‐gestational age, perinatal mortality, death or morbidity composite, or congenital malformations. Similarly, none of the trials reported on the secondary outcomes, for which we had planned to assess the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach (maternal: induction of labour; perineal trauma; gestational weight gain; long‐term cardiovascular health; infant: adiposity; type 1 or 2 diabetes; neurosensory disability). The majority of secondary maternal and infant outcomes, and outcomes relating to the use and costs of health services were not reported by the three included trials. Regarding behaviour changes associated with the intervention, in one trial, participants in the preconception care group had a slightly higher score for the actual initiation of discussion regarding preconception care with healthcare providers at follow‐up (nine months), compared with those in the standard care group (mean difference 0.40, 95% confidence interval ‐0.02 to 0.82 (on a scale of 0 to 4 points); participants = 87) (a summation of four dichotomous items; possible range 0 to 4, with 0 being no discussion). Authors' conclusions There are insufficient RCT data available to assess the effects of preconception care for diabetic women on health outcomes for mothers and their infants. More high‐quality evidence is needed to determine the effects of different protocols of preconception care for diabetic women. Future trials should be powered to evaluate effects on short‐ and long‐term maternal and infant outcomes, and outcomes relating to the use and costs of health services. We have identified three ongoing studies that we will consider in the next review update. Plain language summary Preconception care for women with diabetes to improve maternal and infant health What is the issue? The aim of this Cochrane review was to find out if giving women with diabetes specialised care before they become pregnant has an impact on their health, and on the health of their future babies. We collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question (date of search: January 2017). Why is this important? If a woman has type 1 or type 2 diabetes, and she becomes pregnant, she is at a greater risk of high blood pressure, and her baby has a greater risk of being born early (preterm ‐ before 37 weeks). In addition, her pregnancy makes it more likely she will develop one or more of the known complications of diabetes, such as heart disease, problems with the nervous system and eyesight problems. Babies born to mothers with type 1 or type 2 diabetes may be larger, and they have a higher risk of death and abnormality of the spinal column or brain. They are also at risk of developing type 2 diabetes in the long term. Effective control of blood sugar level (glycaemic control) is part of diabetes care. The relationship between glycaemic control and better health outcomes for mothers and their babies indicates that specialist care before pregnancy (preconception care) could be of benefit. This involves education and support, and help with self‐monitoring of blood sugar levels, and self‐care. We searched for studies which looked at preconception care in diabetes clinics. What evidence did we find? We found three randomised controlled trials, conducted at diabetes clinics in the USA. The total number of participants in the studies was 254. The participants were all adolescent girls involved in the programme READY‐Girls (Reproductive‐health Education and Awareness of Diabetes in Youth for Girls). Their care was compared with standard care. None of these three trials gave us the information on the health outcomes we needed. In one trial, there were no pregnancies among the participants during the period of the study, and the other two trials’ reporting of pregnancy was not sufficient. There were no data about short and long term outcomes for the mothers and their babies, or about the use of the health service and related costs. What does this mean? Because the information is lacking, we have no evidence from this Cochrane review to guide practice on this topic. Further large, well‐designed, randomised controlled trials are required. Three trials are ongoing and will be considered in the next update of this review.
 Insulin‐sensitising drugs (metformin, rosiglitazone, pioglitazone, D‐chiro‐inositol) for women with polycystic ovary syndrome, oligo amenorrhoea and subfertility;  Abstract - Background Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterised by infrequent or absent ovulation, and high levels of androgens and insulin (hyperinsulinaemia). Hyperinsulinaemia occurs secondary to insulin resistance and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus. Insulin‐sensitising agents such as metformin may be effective in treating PCOS‐related anovulation. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of insulin‐sensitising drugs in improving reproductive and metabolic outcomes for women with PCOS undergoing ovulation induction. Search methods We searched the following databases from inception to January 2017: Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO and CINAHL. We searched registers of ongoing trials and reference lists from relevant studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of insulin‐sensitising drugs compared with placebo, no treatment, or an ovulation‐induction agent for women with oligo and anovulatory PCOS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for eligibility and bias. Primary outcomes were live birth rate and gastrointestinal adverse effects. Secondary outcomes included other pregnancy outcomes, menstrual frequency and metabolic effects. We combined data to calculate pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed statistical heterogeneity using the I 2  statistic and reported quality of the evidence for primary outcomes using GRADE methodology. Main results We assessed the interventions metformin, clomiphene citrate, metformin plus clomiphene citrate, D‐chiro‐inositol, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone. We compared these with each other, placebo or no treatment. We included 48 studies (4451 women), 42 of which investigated metformin (4024 women). Evidence quality ranged from very low to moderate. Limitations were risk of bias (poor reporting of methodology and incomplete outcome data), imprecision and inconsistency. Metformin versus placebo or no treatment The evidence suggests that metformin may improve live birth rates compared with placebo (OR 1.59, 95% CI 1.00 to 2.51, 4 studies, 435 women, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). The metformin group experienced more gastrointestinal side effects (OR 4.76, 95% CI 3.06 to 7.41, 7 studies, 670 women, I 2  = 61%, moderate‐quality evidence) but had higher rates of clinical pregnancy (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.42 to 2.64, 9 studies, 1027 women, I 2  = 43%, moderate‐quality evidence), ovulation (OR 2.55, 95% CI 1.81 to 3.59, 14 studies, 701 women, I 2  = 58%, moderate‐quality evidence) and menstrual frequency (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.14 to 2.61, 7 studies, 427 women, I 2  = 54%, low‐quality evidence). There was no clear evidence of a difference in miscarriage rates (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.50 to 2.35, 4 studies, 748 women, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). Metformin plus clomiphene citrate versus clomiphene citrate alone There was no conclusive evidence of a difference between the groups in live birth rates (OR 1.21, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.59, 9 studies, 1079 women, I 2  = 20%, low‐quality evidence), but gastrointestinal side effects were more common with combined therapy (OR 3.97, 95% CI 2.59 to 6.08, 3 studies, 591 women, I 2  = 47%, moderate‐quality evidence). However, the combined therapy group had higher rates of clinical pregnancy (OR 1.59, 95% CI 1.27 to 1.99, 16 studies, 1529 women, I 2  = 33%, moderate‐quality evidence) and ovulation (OR 1.57, 95% CI 1.28 to 1.92, 21 studies, 1624 women, I 2  = 64%, moderate‐quality evidence). There was a statistically significant difference in miscarriage rate per woman, with higher rates in the combined therapy group (OR 1.59, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.46, 9 studies, 1096 women, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence) but this is of uncertain clinical significance due to low‐quality evidence, and no clear difference between groups when we analysed miscarriage per pregnancy (OR 1.30, 95% CI 0.80 to 2.12, 8 studies; 400 pregnancies, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). Metformin versus clomiphene citrate When all studies were combined, findings for live birth were inconclusive and inconsistent (OR 0.71, 95% CI 0.49 to 1.01, 5 studies, 741 women, I 2  = 86%, very low‐quality evidence). In subgroup analysis by obesity status, obese women had a lower birth rate in the metformin group (OR 0.30, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.52, 2 studies, 500 women, I 2  = 0%, very low‐quality evidence), while data from the non‐obese group showed a possible benefit from metformin, with high heterogeneity (OR 1.71, 95% CI 1.00 to 2.94, 3 studies, 241 women, I 2  = 78%, very low‐quality evidence). Similarly, among obese women taking metformin there were lower rates of clinical pregnancy (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.55, 2 studies, 500 women, I 2  = 0%, very low‐quality evidence) and ovulation (OR 0.29, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.43 2 studies, 500 women, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence) while among non‐obese women, the metformin group had more pregnancies (OR 1.56, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.33, 5 studies, 490 women, I 2  = 41%, very low‐quality evidence) and no clear difference in ovulation rates (OR 0.81, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.28, 4 studies, 312 women, low‐quality evidence, I 2 =0%). There was no clear evidence of a difference in miscarriage rates (overall: OR 0.92, 95% CI 0.50 to 1.67, 5 studies, 741 women, I 2  = 52%, very low‐quality evidence). D‐chiro‐inositol (2 studies), rosiglitazone (1 study) or pioglitazone (1 study) versus placebo or no treatment We were unable to draw conclusions regarding other insulin‐sensitising drugs as no studies reported primary outcomes. Authors' conclusions Our updated review suggests that metformin alone may be beneficial over placebo for live birth, although the evidence quality was low. When metformin was compared with clomiphene citrate, data for live birth were inconclusive, and our findings were limited by lack of evidence. Results differed by body mass index (BMI), emphasising the importance of stratifying results by BMI. An improvement in clinical pregnancy and ovulation suggests that clomiphene citrate remains preferable to metformin for ovulation induction in obese women with PCOS. An improved clinical pregnancy and ovulation rate with metformin and clomiphene citrate versus clomiphene citrate alone suggests that combined therapy may be useful although we do not know whether this translates into increased live births. Women taking metformin alone or with combined therapy should be advised that there is no evidence of increased miscarriages, but gastrointestinal side effects are more likely. Plain language summary Insulin‐sensitising drugs for women with a diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome and subfertility Review question Researchers reviewed the evidence about the effectiveness and safety of metformin and other drugs that improve the body's sensitivity to insulin, for inducing ovulation in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Of interest were live birth rate, adverse effects and additional reproductive and metabolic outcomes. Background Women with PCOS typically have infrequent or absent periods due to a lack of ovulation, which can result in infertility. Women with PCOS are also at risk of developing metabolic problems, such as diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol levels. High insulin levels are thought to play a role in PCOS and are generally worse with obesity. The treatments, which increase the sensitivity to insulin that are considered in this review are metformin, rosiglitazone, pioglitazone and D‐chiro‐inositol. Study characteristics The search for suitable studies was completed on 12 January 2017. We have analysed a total of 48 randomised controlled trials (4451 women) in this review. The current review update includes five additional studies, which all investigated metformin in women with PCOS. The studies compared insulin‐sensitising drugs with placebo, no treatment, or the ovulation‐induction agent, clomiphene citrate. Key results Our updated review showed that metformin may be beneficial in improving the chances of having a live birth compared with either no treatment or placebo. It is not clear from the available evidence whether metformin or clomiphene citrate is superior for live birth rate, although pregnancy and ovulation rates are improved with clomiphene citrate, and women taking clomiphene citrate have fewer side effects. However, it is possible that a woman's body mass index may affect which treatment she should take for the greatest benefit, although further research is required to establish this. Metformin did not appear to increase the risk of miscarriage. The limited improvement in metabolic outcomes with metformin treatment highlights the importance of weight loss and lifestyle adjustment, particularly in overweight women with PCOS. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Main limitations were risk of bias (associated with poor reporting of study methodology and incomplete outcome data), imprecision and inconsistency.
 Metformin for ovulation induction (excluding gonadotrophins) in women with polycystic ovary syndrome;  Abstract - Background Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is characterised by infrequent or absent ovulation, and high levels of androgens and insulin (hyperinsulinaemia). Hyperinsulinaemia occurs secondary to insulin resistance and is associated with an increased biochemical risk profile for cardiovascular disease and an increased prevalence of diabetes mellitus. Insulin‐sensitising agents such as metformin may be effective in treating PCOS‐related anovulation. This is an update of  Morley 2017  and only includes studies on metformin. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of metformin in combination with or in comparison to clomiphene citrate (CC), letrozole and laparoscopic ovarian drilling (LOD) in improving reproductive outcomes and associated gastrointestinal side effects for women with PCOS undergoing ovulation induction. Search methods We searched the following databases from inception to December 2018: Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO and CINAHL. We searched registers of ongoing trials and reference lists from relevant studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of metformin compared with placebo, no treatment, or in combination with or compared with CC, letrozole and LOD for women with PCOS subfertility. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for eligibility and bias. Primary outcomes were live birth rate and gastrointestinal adverse effects. Secondary outcomes included other pregnancy outcomes and ovulation. We combined data to calculate pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed statistical heterogeneity using the I 2  statistic and reported quality of the evidence for primary outcomes and reproductive outcomes using GRADE methodology. Main results We included 41 studies (4552 women). Evidence quality ranged from very low to moderate based on GRADE assessment. Limitations were risk of bias (poor reporting of methodology and incomplete outcome data), imprecision and inconsistency. Metformin versus placebo or no treatment The evidence suggests that metformin may improve live birth rates compared with placebo (OR 1.59, 95% CI 1.00 to 2.51; I 2  = 0%; 4 studies, 435 women; low‐quality evidence). For a live birth rate of 19% following placebo, the live birth rate following metformin would be between 19% and 37%. The metformin group probably experiences more gastrointestinal side effects (OR 4.00, 95% CI 2.63 to 6.09; I 2  = 39%; 7 studies, 713 women; moderate‐quality evidence). With placebo, the risk of gastrointestinal side effects is 10% whereas with metformin this risk is between 22% and 40%. There are probably higher rates of clinical pregnancy (OR 1.98, 95% CI 1.47 to 2.65; I 2  = 30%; 11 studies, 1213 women; moderate‐quality evidence). There may be higher rates of ovulation with metformin (OR 2.64, 95% CI 1.85 to 3.75; I 2  = 61%; 13 studies, 684 women; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain about the effect on miscarriage rates (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.50 to 2.35; I 2  = 0%; 4 studies, 748 women; low‐quality evidence). Metformin plus CC versus CC alone We are uncertain if metformin plus CC improves live birth rates compared to CC alone (OR 1.27, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.65; I 2  = 28%; 10 studies, 1219 women; low‐quality evidence), but gastrointestinal side effects are probably more common with combined therapy (OR 4.26, 95% CI 2.83 to 6.40; I 2  = 8%; 6 studies, 852 women; moderate quality evidence). The live birth rate with CC alone is 24%, which may change to between 23% to 34% with combined therapy. With CC alone, the risk of gastrointestinal side effects is 9%, which increases to between 21% to 37% with combined therapy. The combined therapy group probably has higher rates of clinical pregnancy (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.32 to 1.99; I 2  = 31%; 19 studies, 1790 women; moderate‐quality evidence). The combined group may have higher rates of ovulation (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.35 to 2.03; I 2  = 63%;21 studies, 1568 women; low‐quality evidence). There was no clear evidence of an effect on miscarriage (OR 1.35, 95% CI 0.91 to 2.00; I 2  = 0%; 10 studies, 1206 women; low‐quality evidence). Metformin versus CC When all studies were combined, findings for live birth were inconclusive and inconsistent (OR 0.71, 95% CI 0.49 to 1.01; I 2  = 86%; 5 studies, 741 women; very low‐quality evidence). In subgroup analysis by obesity status, obese women had a lower birth rate in the metformin group (OR 0.30, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.52; 2 studies, 500 women), while the non‐obese group showed a possible benefit from metformin, with high heterogeneity (OR 1.71, 95% CI 1.00 to 2.94; I 2  = 78%, 3 studies, 241 women; very low‐quality evidence). However, due to the very low quality of the evidence we cannot draw any conclusions. Among obese women taking metformin there may be lower rates of clinical pregnancy (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.55; I 2  = 0%; 2 studies, 500 women; low‐quality evidence) and ovulation (OR 0.29, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.43; I 2  = 0%; 2 studies, 500 women; low‐quality evidence) while among non‐obese women, the metformin group may have more pregnancies (OR 1.56, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.29; I 2  = 26%; 6 studies, 530 women; low‐quality evidence) and no clear difference in ovulation rates (OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.25; I 2  = 0%; 5 studies, 352 women; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain whether there is a difference in miscarriage rates between the groups (overall: OR 0.92, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.66; I 2  = 36%; 6 studies, 781 women; low‐quality evidence) and no studies reported gastrointestinal side effects. Authors' conclusions Our updated review suggests that metformin may be beneficial over placebo for live birth however, more women probably experience gastrointestinal side effects. We are uncertain if metformin plus CC improves live birth rates compared to CC alone, but gastrointestinal side effects are probably increased with combined therapy. When metformin was compared with CC, data for live birth were inconclusive, and the findings were limited by lack of evidence. Results differed by body mass index (BMI), emphasising the importance of stratifying results by BMI. No studies reported gastrointestinal side effects in this comparison. Due to the low quality of the evidence, we are uncertain of the effect of metformin on miscarriage in all three comparisons. Plain language summary Metformin for ovulation induction in women with a diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome and subfertility Review question Researchers reviewed the evidence about the effectiveness and safety of metformin compared with other ovulation induction agents, for inducing ovulation in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Of interest were live birth rate, gastrointestinal side effects and additional reproductive outcomes. Background Women with PCOS often have infrequent or no periods because they do not ovulate (release an egg), which can result in infertility. They may also develop problems such as obesity and diabetes. High levels of insulin, a hormone that allows the body to use sugar for energy, may be a cause of PCOS and levels are generally higher in obese women. Metformin helps the body use insulin more effectively and improves ovulation in women with PCOS. However, metformin may cause side effects such as nausea, diarrhoea or constipation (gastrointestinal side effects). Study characteristics We searched for studies in women with PCOS that compared metformin alone or with CC, letrozole or LOD, against CC, letrozole, LOD, placebo (sham treatment) or no treatment. This review updates the previous version of the review. We included 41 randomised controlled trials (where women were randomly allocated to a treatment) with 4552 women. 13 studies are new for this update. We combined results from the studies and assessed the quality of the studies to judge how confident we could be in their results. The evidence is current up to December 2018. Key results Metformin versus placebo/no treatment Metformin may increase the chances of having a live birth compared with no treatment or placebo, however women taking metformin probably experience more gastrointestinal side effects. With placebo, the live birth rate is 19%, and it would be between 19% and 37% with metformin. The risk of gastrointestinal side effects is 10% with placebo, but higher with metformin, between 22% and 40%. Women taking metformin are probably more likely to get pregnant and may be more likely to ovulate. We are uncertain about the effect of metformin compared to placebo or no treatment on miscarriage. Metformin plus CC versus CC alone We are uncertain if metformin plus CC improves live birth rate compared to CC alone, but gastrointestinal side effects are probably more common. The live birth rate with CC alone is 24% which may change to between 23% to 34% with metformin and CC combined. With CC alone, the risk of gastrointestinal side effects is 9%, which increases to between 21% to 37% with metformin and CC combined. However, pregnancy rate is probably improved with metformin and CC. Ovulation rates may be improved with metformin and CC. There was no clear evidence of an effect on miscarriage. Metformin versus CC We combined all the studies and found that the quality of evidence was very low, results were inconsistent, and we could not confidently draw conclusions. Obese women had a lower birth rate with metformin, while non‐obese women showed a possible benefit from metformin. The live birth rate of non‐obese women with CC is 26%, which may increase to between 26% and 50% with metformin. However, in obese women, the live birth rate is 22% which may decrease to between 5% to 13% with metformin. Similarly, among obese women taking metformin there may be lower rates of clinical pregnancy and ovulation while, non‐obese women taking metformin may have more pregnancies; there was no clear difference in ovulation rates. We are uncertain whether there is a difference in miscarriage rates between women taking metformin or CC. No studies reported gastrointestinal side effects.  It is possible that a woman's body mass index (a measure of healthy weight based on height and weight) affects which treatment she should take, although further research is required to establish this. The limited improvement in outcomes such as diabetes with metformin highlights the importance of weight loss and lifestyle adjustment, particularly in overweight women with PCOS. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main problems were that the studies’ methods were poor or unclear, or they did not report all their results (risk of bias), or they were inaccurate and inconsistent.
 Planned birth at or near term for improving health outcomes for pregnant women with gestational diabetes and their infants;  Abstract - Background Gestational diabetes is a type of diabetes that occurs during pregnancy. Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to experience adverse health outcomes such as pre‐eclampsia or polyhydramnios (excess amniotic fluid). Their babies are also more likely to have health complications such as macrosomia (birthweight > 4000 g) and being large‐for‐gestational age (birthweight above the 90th percentile for gestational age). Current clinical guidelines support elective birth, at or near term in women with gestational diabetes to minimise perinatal complications, especially those related to macrosomia. This review replaces a review previously published in 2001 that included "diabetic pregnant women", which has now been split into two reviews. This current review focuses on pregnant women with gestational diabetes and a sister review focuses on women with pre‐existing diabetes (Type 1 or Type 2). Objectives To assess the effect of planned birth (either by induction of labour or caesarean birth), at or near term (37 to 40 weeks' gestation) compared with an expectant approach for improving health outcomes for women with gestational diabetes and their infants. The primary outcomes relate to maternal and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov  and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (15 August 2017), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised trials comparing planned birth, at or near term (37 to 40 weeks' gestation), with an expectant approach, for women with gestational diabetes. Cluster‐randomised and non‐randomised trials (e.g. quasi‐randomised trials using alternate allocation) were also eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two of the review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included study. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results The findings of this review are based on a single trial involving 425 women with gestational diabetes. The trial compared induction of labour with expectant management (waiting for the spontaneous onset of labour in the absence of any maternal or fetal issues that may necessitate birth) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes at term. We assessed the overall risk of bias as being low for most domains, apart from performance, detection and attrition bias (for outcome perineum intact), which we assessed as being at high risk. It was an open‐label trial, and women and healthcare professionals were not blinded. There were no clear differences between women randomised to induction of labour and women randomised to expectant management for maternal mortality or serious maternal morbidity (risk ratio (RR) 1.48, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 8.76, one trial, 425 women); caesarean section (RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.77, one trial, 425 women); or instrumental vaginal birth (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.46, one trial, 425 women). For the primary outcome of maternal mortality or serious maternal morbidity, there were no deaths in either group and serious maternal morbidity related to admissions to intensive care unit. The quality of the evidence contributing to these outcomes was assessed as very low, mainly due to the study having high risk of bias for some domains and because of the imprecision of effect estimates. In relation to primary neonatal outcomes, there were no perinatal deaths in either group. The quality of evidence for this outcome was judged as very low, mainly due to high risk of bias and imprecision of effect estimates. There were no clear differences in infant outcomes between women randomised to induction of labour and women randomised to expectant management: shoulder dystocia (RR 2.96, 95% CI 0.31 to 28.21, one trial, 425 infants, very low‐quality evidence); large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.28 to 1.02, one trial, 425 infants, low‐quality evidence). There were no clear differences between women randomised to induction of labour and women randomised to expectant management for postpartum haemorrhage (RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.53 to 2.54, one trial, 425 women); admission to intensive care unit (RR 1.48, 95% CI 0.25 to 8.76, one trial, 425 women); and intact perineum (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.43, one trial, 425 women). No infant experienced a birth trauma, therefore, we could not draw conclusions about the effect of the intervention on the outcomes of brachial plexus injury and bone fracture at birth. Infants of women in the induction‐of‐labour group had higher incidences of neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia (jaundice) when compared to infants of women in the expectant‐management group (RR 2.46, 95% CI 1.11 to 5.46, one trial, 425 women). We found no data on the following prespecified outcomes of this review: postnatal depression, maternal satisfaction, length of postnatal stay (mother), acidaemia, intracranial haemorrhage, hypoxia ischaemic encephalopathy, small‐for‐gestational age, length of postnatal stay (baby) and cost. The authors of this trial acknowledge that it is underpowered for their primary outcome of caesarean section. The authors of the trial and of this review note that the CIs demonstrate a wide range, therefore making it inappropriate to draw definite conclusions. Authors' conclusions There is limited evidence to inform implications for practice. The available data are not of high quality and lack power to detect possible important differences in either benefit or harm. There is an urgent need for high‐quality trials evaluating the effectiveness of planned birth at or near term gestation for women with gestational diabetes compared with an expectant approach. Plain language summary Planned birth at or near term for pregnant women with gestational diabetes and their infants What is the issue? The aim of this Cochrane review was to find out if planning an elective birth at or near the term of pregnancy, compared to waiting for labour to start spontaneously, has an impact on the health of women with gestational diabetes and the health of their babies. Planned early birth means either induction of labour or caesarean birth, and 'at or near term' means 37 to 40 weeks' gestation. To answer this question, we collected and analysed all relevant studies conducted up to August 2017. Why is this important? Women with gestational diabetes (glucose intolerance arising during pregnancy) and their babies are at increased risk of health complications (e.g. high blood pressure, bigger babies). Because of the complications sometimes associated with birthing a big baby, many clinicians have recommended that women with gestational diabetes have an elective birth (generally an induction of labour) at or near term (37 to 40 weeks' gestation) rather than waiting for labour to start spontaneously, or until 41 weeks' gestation if all is well. Induction has disadvantages of increasing the incidence of forceps or ventouse births, and women often find it difficult to cope with an induced labour. Caesarean section is a major operation which can lead to blood loss, infections and increased chance of problems with subsequent births. Early birth can increase the chance of breathing problems for babies. It is important to know which approach to birth has a better impact on the health outcomes of women with gestational diabetes and their babies. What evidence did we find? Our search identified one trial involving 425 women and their babies. In this trial, 214 women had an induction of their labour at term, the other 211 women waited for a spontaneous onset of their labour. The findings of this trial highlighted no clear difference between the babies of women in either group in relation to the number of large babies, baby's shoulder getting stuck during birth or babies with breathing problems, low blood sugar and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit. No baby in the trial experienced birth trauma. In the group of women whose labour was induced, there were more incidences of jaundice in the babies. There was no clear difference between women in either group in relation to serious health problems for women, caesarean section, instrumental vaginal birth, postpartum haemorrhage, admission to an intensive care unit and intact perineum. There were no reports in either group of maternal deaths. It should be noted that most of the evidence was found to be of very low quality. The following outcomes were not reported: postnatal depression, maternal satisfaction, length of postnatal stay (mother), babies with high blood acid, bleeding in the baby's brain, other brain problems for the babies, babies small‐for‐gestational age and length of baby's postnatal stay. What does this mean? There is insufficient evidence to clearly identify if there are differences in health outcomes for women with gestational diabetes and their babies when elective birth is undertaken compared to waiting for labour to start spontaneously or until 41 weeks' gestation if all is well. More research is needed to answer this question.
 Regimens of fetal surveillance of suspected large‐for‐gestational‐age fetuses for improving health outcomes;  Abstract - Background Policies and protocols vary widely for fetal surveillance in a pregnancy where the fetus is suspected to be large‐for‐gestational‐age (LGA). All ultimately culminate in decisions about the mode and timing of birth. LGA is known to be associated with increased risks to both the mother and baby. Interventions based on surveillance regimen findings may be associated with risks to the mother and baby. Objectives To assess the effectiveness or efficacy of different antenatal surveillance methods for the suspected LGA fetus on important health outcomes for the mother and baby. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 August 2015),  ClinicalTrials.gov  and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (21 August 2015). Selection criteria Published and unpublished randomised, quasi‐randomised and cluster‐randomised trials comparing the effects of described antenatal fetal surveillance regimens for women with suspected LGA infants. Data collection and analysis We identified no studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Main results There are no included trials. Authors' conclusions We found no randomised controlled trials that assessed the effect of antenatal fetal surveillance regimens of a suspected LGA fetus on important health outcomes for the mother and baby. There has been a rise in the prevalence of LGA babies over the past few decades in many countries. Research is therefore required on regimens of antenatal surveillance of suspected LGA infants, in order to guide practice and improve the health outcomes for the mother and infant. In particular, randomised control trials to investigate whether serial antenatal clinic and ultrasound assessments of suspected LGA infants (including liquor volume and markers of fetal adiposity) would be useful, to assess whether surveillance methods improve health outcomes. In addition, as there are concerns that identifying suspected LGA fetuses may lead to unnecessary maternal anxiety, investigations and interventions, any such trial would need to assess the risks as well as benefits of regimens of fetal surveillance for suspected LGA fetuses. Plain language summary Use of different methods of detecting if a baby is large‐for‐gestational‐age, to improve health outcomes What is the issue? A baby may sometimes grow to be bigger than expected and be born with a high birthweight. When overgrowth of the baby is suspected during a pregnancy the mother can have extra scheduled antenatal visits and tests to assess her health and the health of her developing baby. Why is this important? Tests can detect if there are signs of any deterioration in the baby’s condition, or development of complications in the mother. The specified frequency and combinations of tests vary with local protocols and policies. Tests may include fetal movement counting, fetal heart rate assessment (cardiotocography), checking the mother's blood sugars or the use of ultrasound for fetal growth scans, Doppler ultrasound examination of fetal blood vessels and assessing the volume of fluid around the baby. Large babies are associated with increased risks to both the mother and baby, including increased risk of intra‐uterine death and stillbirth. At birth the baby is at a higher risk of low oxygen levels, shoulder dystocia, nerve injuries, bone fracture, low blood sugar levels, and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. Maternal complications include prolonged labour, operative births including caesarean section, perineal trauma, postpartum haemorrhage and uterine rupture. Interventions that may slow growth acceleration and improve health outcomes for the mother and her baby include dietary advice, lifestyle modification, and in women with diabetes or gestational diabetes blood glucose monitoring and insulin therapy. What evidence did we find? We searched for studies on 10 August 2015 but did not find any randomised controlled trials looking at the effects of performing extra tests on health outcomes in pregnant women with overgrowth of the baby after 20 weeks gestation. What does this mean? There is a need for randomised controlled trials in this area in order to inform clinical practice when large babies are identified during a pregnancy, to assess if extra tests or surveillance can improve the health of these women and their babies. It is also important to identify any harms associated with extra tests and surveillance, as identifying women with suspected large babies may lead to unnecessary maternal anxiety with additional investigations and interventions, including induction of labour or caesarean section.
 Directed preconception health programs and interventions for improving pregnancy outcomes for women who are overweight or obese;  Abstract - Background Overweight and obesity (body mass index (BMI) ≥ 25.0 to 29.9 kg/m 2  and BMI ≥ 30 kg/m 2,  respectively are increasingly common among women of reproductive age. Overweight and obesity are known to be associated with many adverse health conditions in the preconception period, during pregnancy and during the labour and postpartum period. There are no current guidelines to suggest which preconception health programs and interventions are of benefit to these women and their infants. It is important to evaluate the available evidence to establish which preconception interventions are of value to this population of women. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of preconception health programs and interventions for improving pregnancy outcomes in overweight and obese women. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 December 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (including those using a cluster‐randomised design), comparing health programs and interventions with routine care in women of reproductive age and a BMI greater then or equal to 25 kg/m 2 . Studies published in abstract form only, were not eligible for inclusion. Quasi‐randomised trials or randomised trials using a cross‐over design were not eligible for inclusion in this review. The intervention in such studies would involve an assessment of preconception health and lead to an individualised preconception program addressing any areas of concern for that particular woman. Preconception interventions could involve any or all of: provision of specific information, screening for and treating obesity‐related health problems, customised or general dietary and exercise advice, medical or surgical interventions. Medical interventions may include treatment of pre‐existing hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance or sleep apnoea. Surgical interventions may include interventions such as bariatric surgery. The comparator was prespecified to be standard preconception advice or no advice/interventions. Data collection and analysis We identified no studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The search identified one study (published in four trial reports) which was independently assessed by two review authors and subsequently excluded. Main results There are no included trials. Authors' conclusions We found no randomised controlled trials that assessed the effect of preconception health programs and interventions in overweight and obese women with the aim of improving pregnancy outcomes. Until the effectiveness of preconception health programs and interventions can be established, no practice recommendations can be made. Further research is required in this area. Plain language summary Preconception health programs and interventions for women who are overweight or obese to improve pregnancy outcomes for the woman and her infant Being overweight or obese, or having a high body weight for one's height, is becoming increasingly common among women of reproductive age. General health conditions such as high blood pressure, diabetes, sleep apnoea (pauses or reduced breathing during sleep), and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which can cause reduced fertility or failure to achieve pregnancy, are associated with being overweight or obese. During pregnancy, overweight women are at increased risk of sugar intolerance (gestational diabetes), pregnancy‐related high blood pressure, losing a pregnancy (miscarriage), birth before some 40 weeks (preterm birth) and congenital birth defects such as neural tube and heart defects, and gastrointestinal malformations. Women who are overweight or obese are also at a higher risk of complications during labour including heavy blood loss after giving birth. Current guidelines about which preconception health programs or interventions are of benefit to reduce these adverse health outcomes are needed for overweight and obese women. This Cochrane review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of preconception health programs and interventions, however no randomised controlled trials were found. We recommend that further research is conducted in this area so that the effectiveness of preconception health programs and interventions can be established specifically for overweight and obese women. Programs can provide information, screening for and treating obesity‐related health problems, dietary and exercise advice and medical or surgical interventions, depending on the resources available and the individual needs of the woman.
 Tight control of mild‐moderate pre‐existing or non‐proteinuric gestational hypertension;  Abstract - Background The question of the target blood pressure in pregnant women with mild‐moderate hypertension continues to be an area of debate. Objectives To compare tight versus very tight control of mild‐moderate pre‐existing or non‐proteinuric gestational hypertension for improving outcomes Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 March 2011), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 3), MEDLINE (January 1966 to March 2011), and the metaRegister of Controlled Trials (31 March 2011). We handsearched citation lists of relevant publications, review articles, and included studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials of tight versus very tight control in pregnant women with mild or moderate pre‐existing or non‐proteinuric gestational hypertension. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We expressed results as risk ratio (RR) or mean differences, together with their 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included two studies (256 participants) with mild‐moderate pre‐existing or non‐proteinuric gestational hypertension. There was no evidence of a difference between tight and very tight control groups regarding severe pre‐eclampsia (risk ratio (RR) 1.28, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.70; two trials, 256 participants). More women in the tight group were hospitalized during their pregnancy (RR 2.53, 95% CI 1.14 to 5.63; one trial, 125 participants). There was no evidence of a difference in other outcome measures including fetal distress, IUGR, neonatal admission to a NICU, perinatal deaths, induction of labor and cesarean delivery between the tight and the very tight control groups. Gestational age at delivery had a non‐significant mean difference (MD) of ‐0.15 weeks between the tight and very tight control groups (MD ‐0.15, 95% CI ‐1.52 to 1.21, random‐effects, T² = 0.75, I² = 77%; two trials, 256 participants). The MD in birthweight between the tight and the very tight control group was not significant (MD ‐100.00 grams, 95% CI ‐363.69 to 163.69; one trial, 125 participants). Authors' conclusions For pregnant women with non‐severe pre‐existing or non‐proteinuric gestational hypertension, there is insufficient evidence to determine how tight control of hypertension should be achieved to improve maternal and fetal‐neonatal outcomes. Plain language summary Tight control of mild‐to‐moderate high blood pressure for pregnant women with pre‐existing or gestational hypertension (without protein in the urine) to improve health outcomes  High blood pressure (hypertension) is defined as a systolic blood pressure of 140 mmHg or more or a diastolic blood pressure of 90 mmHg or more. In the general population, a tight control of blood pressure reduces cardiovascular risks and is particularly important for people with diabetes or renal disease. Having high blood pressure during pregnancy is a complex clinical condition. Adverse effects include premature separation of the placenta (abruption), low birthweight, and perinatal death. Women who do not have regular antenatal care, those with severe uncontrolled hypertension and pre‐eclampsia are more likely to have poor outcomes. A woman with mild‐to‐moderate hypertension could develop severe hypertension if not managed correctly. On the other hand, lowering blood pressure dramatically may reduce placental perfusion, which could lead to fetal growth restriction, without providing extra benefit to the mother. There is no consensus regarding a clear goal of adjusting blood pressure in pregnant women with mild‐to‐moderate hypertension. This systematic review set out to compare the effects of 'tight' versus 'very tight' control of mild to moderate pre‐existing or non‐proteinuric gestational hypertension on pregnancy outcomes. It found insufficient evidence to determine which degree of control of blood pressure during pregnancy was more effective for improving outcomes for the mother and her baby. The review included two trials that studied 256 women. A blood pressure target of less than 130/80 mm Hg using methyldopa reduced the rate of admission to hospital during pregnancy. There was no evidence of a difference between tight and very tight control groups regarding severe pre‐eclampsia, induction of labor and cesarean delivery and no cases of eclampsia or maternal deaths.
 Deflation of gastric band balloon in pregnancy for improving outcomes;  Abstract - Background In line with the rise in the prevalence of obesity, an increasing number of women of childbearing age are undergoing laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB), resulting in an increasing number of pregnancies with a band in place. Currently, there is no consensus on optimal band management in pregnancy. Some clinicians advocate leaving the band balloon inflated to reduce gestational weight gain and associated adverse perinatal outcomes. However, there are concerns that maintaining balloon inflation during pregnancy might increase the risk of band complications and adversely affect fetal development and/or growth as a result of reduced nutritional intake. Objectives To compare maternal and perinatal outcomes for elective gastric band balloon deflation versus intention to maintain balloon inflation during pregnancy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2012) and the Web of Science database (1940 to September 2012). Selection criteria Randomised‐controlled trials comparing elective deflation of the gastric band balloon with intention to maintain balloon inflation in pregnant women who have undergone LAGB. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion. Main results No studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review. Authors' conclusions To date no randomised controlled trials exist that compare elective deflation of the gastric band balloon in pregnancy versus intention to maintain balloon inflation. Further research is needed to define the optimum management of the gastric band balloon in pregnancy. Plain language summary Deflation of gastric band balloon in pregnancy for improving outcomes Obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy are associated with poor outcomes for mother and baby. These include gestational diabetes, raised blood pressure (hypertension) in pregnancy, maternal venous blood clots (thromboembolism), delivery by caesarean section, high birthweight, stillbirth, maternal infection (sepsis), heavy maternal bleeding (haemorrhage) after delivery, and maternal death. As the number of women of childbearing age who are obese has increased so too has the number of women of childbearing age undergoing bariatric (weight‐loss) surgery. This has resulted in an increased number of pregnant women with a history of weight‐loss surgery. The most common bariatric procedure is gastric banding (laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding) in which a band containing a fluid‐filled balloon is placed around the upper portion of the stomach creating a small upper pouch which limits transport of food into the lower pouch. This reduces a person's capacity to ingest food and so reduces nutritional intake. The volume of the balloon can be adjusted by addition to or removal of fluid from the balloon. At present there is no guidance on the best management of a gastric band during pregnancy and there is variation in care. Some clinicians advocate leaving the balloon filled (inflated) to limit food intake and limit weight gain during pregnancy. This strategy might reduce the likelihood of maternal high blood pressure or gestational diabetes and so improve the outcomes for mother and baby. There are concerns, however, that leaving the balloon inflated might reduce the intake of essential nutrients needed for normal fetal development and growth. In addition, it is possible that band complications, including nausea and vomiting, slippage or migration of the band because of the increased intra‐abdominal pressure with pregnancy, might occur more frequently if the balloon is left inflated. As a result, some clinicians prefer to remove fluid to deflate the balloon when the woman becomes pregnant. This review aimed to compare outcomes for mothers and babies according to whether the balloon is deflated at the beginning of pregnancy compared to maintaining balloon inflation in pregnancy. No studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review. No conclusions can be drawn from randomised controlled trials regarding the best management of the gastric band in pregnancy. Further research is needed to define optimum management of the gastric band balloon during pregnancy.
 Treating periodontal disease for preventing adverse birth outcomes in pregnant women;  Abstract - Background Periodontal disease has been linked with a number of conditions, such as cardiovascular disease, stroke, diabetes and adverse pregnancy outcomes, all likely through systemic inflammatory pathways. It is common in women of reproductive age and gum conditions tend to worsen during pregnancy. Some evidence from observational studies suggests that periodontal intervention may reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes. There is need for a comprehensive Cochrane review of randomised trials to assess the effect of periodontal treatment on perinatal and maternal health. Objectives To assess the effects of treating periodontal disease in pregnant women in order to prevent or reduce perinatal and maternal morbidity and mortality. Search methods Cochrane Oral Health's Information Specialist searched the following databases: Cochrane Oral Health's Trials Register (to 6 October 2016), Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (to 7 October 2016), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2016, Issue 9) in the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to 6 October 2016), Embase Ovid (1980 to 6 October 2016), and LILACS BIREME Virtual Health Library (Latin American and Caribbean Health Science Information database; 1982 to 6 October 2016).  ClinicalTrials.gov  and the  World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform  were searched for ongoing trials on 6 October 2016. We placed no restrictions on the language or date of publication when searching the electronic databases. Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the effects of periodontal treatment in preventing or reducing perinatal and maternal morbidity and mortality. We excluded studies where obstetric outcomes were not reported. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened titles and abstracts and extracted data using a prepiloted data extraction form. Missing data were obtained by contacting authors and risk of bias was assessed using Cochrane's 'Risk of bias' tool. Where appropriate, results of comparable trials were pooled and expressed as risk ratios (RR) or mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) . The random‐effects model was used for pooling except where there was an insufficient number of studies. We assessed the quality of the evidence using GRADE. Main results There were 15 RCTs (n = 7161 participants) meeting our inclusion criteria. All the included studies were at high risk of bias mostly due to lack of blinding and imbalance in baseline characteristics of participants. The studies recruited pregnant women from prenatal care facilities who had periodontitis (14 studies) or gingivitis (1 study).The two main comparisons were: periodontal treatment versus no treatment during pregnancy and periodontal treatment versus alternative periodontal treatment. The head‐to‐head comparison between periodontal treatments assessed a more intensive treatment versus a less intensive one. Eleven studies compared periodontal treatment with no treatment during pregnancy. The meta‐analysis shows no clear difference in preterm birth < 37 weeks (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.10; 5671 participants; 11 studies; low‐quality evidence) between periodontal treatment and no treatment. There is low‐quality evidence that periodontal treatment may reduce low birth weight < 2500 g (9.70% with periodontal treatment versus 12.60% without treatment; RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.95; 3470 participants; 7 studies). It is unclear whether periodontal treatment leads to a difference in preterm birth < 35 weeks (RR 1.19, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.76; 2557 participants; 2 studies; ) and < 32 weeks (RR 1.35, 95% CI 0.78 to 2.32; 2755 participants; 3 studies), low birth weight < 1500 g (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.70; 2550 participants; 2 studies), perinatal mortality (including fetal and neonatal deaths up to the first 28 days after birth) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.43; 5320 participants; 7 studies; very low‐quality evidence), and pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.62; 2946 participants; 3 studies; very low‐quality evidence). There is no evidence of a difference in small for gestational age (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.16; 3610 participants; 3 studies; low‐quality evidence) when periodontal treatment is compared with no treatment. Four studies compared periodontal treatment with alternative periodontal treatment. Data pooling was not possible due to clinical heterogeneity. The outcomes reported were preterm birth < 37 weeks, preterm birth < 35 weeks, birth weight < 2500 g, birth weight < 1500 g and perinatal mortality (very low‐quality evidence). It is unclear whether there is a difference in < 37 weeks, preterm birth < 35 weeks, birth weight < 2500 g, birth weight < 1500 g and perinatal mortality when different periodontal treatments are compared because the quality of evidence is very low. Maternal mortality and adverse effects of the intervention did not occur in any of the studies that reported on either of the outcomes. Authors' conclusions It is not clear if periodontal treatment during pregnancy has an impact on preterm birth (low‐quality evidence). There is low‐quality evidence that periodontal treatment may reduce low birth weight (< 2500 g), however, our confidence in the effect estimate is limited. There is insufficient evidence to determine which periodontal treatment is better in preventing adverse obstetric outcomes. Future research should aim to report periodontal outcomes alongside obstetric outcomes. Plain language summary Treating gum disease to prevent adverse birth outcomes in pregnant women What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if treating gum disease can prevent adverse birth outcomes in pregnant women. Cochrane researchers collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 15 relevant studies. Key messages There is no evidence that the treatment of gum disease reduces the number of babies born before 37 weeks of pregnancy, however, it may reduce the number of babies born weighing less than 2500 g. It is uncertain whether there is a difference in adverse birth outcomes when different methods of treating gum disease are compared. What was studied in the review ? Gum health tends to worsen during pregnancy. There has been some research associating gum disease with adverse birth outcomes. The review assessed studies where pregnant women with gum disease were treated using a combination of different mechanical techniques with or without antibiotics. What are the main results of the review? The review authors found 15 relevant studies. Five were from North America, four from South America, three from Europe, two from Asia and one from Austalia. Eleven studies compared either scaling and root planing or scale and polish with no treatment while the other four studies compared scaling and root planing with alternative mechanical treatments. When pregnant women with gum disease who receive periodontal treatment are compared with those who receive no treatment: ‐ there is no clear difference in the number of babies born before 37 weeks (low‐quality evidence);  ‐ there may be fewer babies born weighing less than 2500 g (low‐quality evidence). It is unclear if one periodontal treatment is better than alternative periodontal treatments in preventing adverse birth outcomes. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to October 2016.
 Intrapartum antibiotics for known maternal Group B streptococcal colonization;  Abstract - Background Maternal colonization with group B  streptococcus  (GBS) during pregnancy increases the risk of neonatal infection by vertical transmission. Administration of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) during labor has been associated with a reduction in early onset GBS disease (EOGBSD). However, treating all colonized women during labor exposes a large number of women and infants to possible adverse effects without benefit. Objectives To assess the effect of intrapartum antibiotics for maternal Group B haemolytic  streptococci  (GBS) colonization on mortality from any cause, from GBS infection and from organisms other than GBS. Search methods We updated the search of the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register on 11 March 2014. Selection criteria Randomized trials assessing the impact of maternal IAP on neonatal GBS infections were included. Data collection and analysis We independently assessed eligibility and quality of the studies. Main results We did not identify any new trials from the updated search so the results remain unchanged as follows. We included four trials involving 852 women. Three trials (involving 500 women) evaluating the effects of IAP versus no treatment were included. The use of IAP did not significantly reduce the incidence of all cause mortality, mortality from GBS infection or from infections caused by bacteria other than GBS. The incidence of early GBS infection was reduced with IAP compared to no treatment (risk ratio (RR) 0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.74, three trials, 488 infants; risk difference ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.07 to ‐0.01; number needed to treat to benefit 25, 95% CI 14 to 100, I² 0%). The incidence of LOD or sepsis from organisms other than GBS and puerperal infection was not significantly different between groups. One trial (involving 352 women) compared intrapartum ampicillin versus penicillin and reported no significant difference in neonatal or maternal outcomes. We found a high risk of bias for one or more key domains in the study methodology and execution. Authors' conclusions Intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis appeared to reduce EOGBSD, but this result may well be due to bias as we found a high risk of bias for one or more key domains in the study methodology and execution. There is lack of evidence from well designed and conducted trials to recommend IAP to reduce neonatal EOGBSD. Ideally the effectiveness of IAP to reduce neonatal GBS infections should be studied in adequately sized double‐blind controlled trials. The opportunity to conduct such trials has likely been lost, as practice guidelines (albeit without good evidence) have been introduced in many jurisdictions. Plain language summary Intrapartum antibiotics for known maternal Group B  streptococcal  colonization Women, men and children of all ages can be colonized with Group B  streptococcus  (GBS) bacteria without having any symptoms. Group B streptococcus are particularly found in the gastrointestinal tract, vagina and urethra. This is the situation in both developed and developing countries. About one in 2000 newborn babies have GBS bacterial infections, usually evident as respiratory disease, general sepsis, or meningitis within the first week. The baby contracts the infection from the mother during labor. Giving the mother an antibiotic directly into a vein during labor causes bacterial counts to fall rapidly, which suggests possible benefits but pregnant women need to be screened. Many countries have guidelines on screening for GBS in pregnancy and treatment with antibiotics. Some risk factors for an affected baby are preterm and low birthweight; prolonged labor; prolonged rupture of the membranes (more than 12 hours); severe changes in fetal heart rate during the first stage of labor; and gestational diabetes. Very few of the women in labor who are GBS positive give birth to babies who are infected with GBS and antibiotics can have harmful effects such as severe maternal allergic reactions, increase in drug‐resistant organisms and exposure of newborn infants to resistant bacteria, and postnatal maternal and neonatal yeast infections. This review finds that giving antibiotics is not supported by conclusive evidence. The review identified four trials involving 852 GBS positive women. Three trials, which were more than 20 years old, compared ampicillin or penicillin to no treatment and found no clear differences in newborn deaths although the occurrence of early GBS infection in the newborn was reduced with antibiotics. The antibiotics ampicillin and penicillin were no different from each other in one trial with 352 GBS positive women. All cases of perinatal GBS infections are unlikely to be prevented even if an effective vaccine is developed.
 Antenatal interventions for reducing weight in obese women for improving pregnancy outcome;  Abstract - Background Being obese and pregnant is associated with substantial risks for the mother and her child. Current weight management guidance for obese pregnant women is limited. The latest recommendations suggest that obese pregnant women should gain between 5.0 and 9.1 kg during the pregnancy period, and weight loss is discouraged. However, observational studies indicate that some obese pregnant women, especially those who are heavier, lose weight during pregnancy. Furthermore, some obese pregnant women may intentionally lose weight. The safety of weight loss when pregnant and obese is not substantiated; some observational studies suggest that risks associated with weight loss such as pre‐eclampsia are improved, but others indicate that the incidence of small‐ for‐gestational infants are increased. It is important to evaluate interventions that are designed to reduce weight in obese pregnant women so that the safety of weight loss during this period can be established. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of interventions that reduce weight in obese pregnant women. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 July 2012) and contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, 'quasi‐random' studies and cluster‐randomised trials comparing a weight‐loss intervention with routine care or more than one weight loss intervention. Cross‐over trials were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis We identified no studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Main results There were no included trials. Authors' conclusions There are no trials designed to reduce weight in obese pregnant women. Until the safety of weight loss in obese pregnant women can be established, there can be no practice recommendations for these women to intentionally lose weight during the pregnancy period. Further study is required to explore the potential benefits, or harm, of weight loss in pregnancy when obese before weight loss interventions in pregnancy can be designed. Qualitative research is also required to explore dietary habits of obese pregnant women, especially those who are morbidly obese. Plain language summary Trials of interventions for pregnant women who are obese to lose weight and improve pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women who are obese risk serious complications for themselves and their children. The mother is more likely to develop diabetes or high blood pressure or pre‐eclampsia during pregnancy, and the pregnancy may end in a miscarriage or stillbirth. The baby could have serious anomalies at birth, including spina bifida, cardiovascular anomalies, cleft lip and palate, or limb reduction anomalies. Some obese women have premature births. At birth, the labour may be longer and other complications can lead to a caesarean birth. The baby may also be bigger at birth than is normal, and there is evidence that the children of obese mothers go on to be obese. The advice for obese women in managing their weight during pregnancy is that weight loss should be avoided, and weight gain should be between 5.0 and 9.1 kg. Yet observational studies of large numbers of pregnant women indicate that some obese women, especially those who are heavier, lose weight during pregnancy. We do not have any clear results that indicate that losing weight when pregnant is safe for a mother who is obese, or for her baby. This Cochrane review aimed to evaluate trials that were designed for obese pregnant women to lose weight. No randomised controlled trials were found. We recommend that further research is conducted to evaluate the safety of interventions for weight loss when a woman is pregnant and obese for the mother and her baby.
 Mobile phone messaging for preventive health care;  Abstract - Background Preventive health care promotes health and prevents disease or injuries by addressing factors that lead to the onset of a disease, and by detecting latent conditions to reduce or halt their progression. Many risk factors for costly and disabling conditions (such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer, diabetes, and chronic respiratory diseases) can be prevented, yet healthcare systems do not make the best use of their available resources to support this process. Mobile phone messaging applications, such as Short Message Service (SMS) and Multimedia Message Service (MMS), could offer a convenient and cost‐effective way to support desirable health behaviours for preventive health care. Objectives To assess the effects of mobile phone messaging interventions as a mode of delivery for preventive health care, on health status and health behaviour outcomes. Search methods We searched: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL,  The Cochrane Library  2009, Issue 2), MEDLINE (OvidSP) (January 1993 to June 2009), EMBASE (OvidSP) (January 1993 to June 2009), PsycINFO (OvidSP) (January 1993 to June 2009), CINAHL (EbscoHOST) (January 1993 to June 2009), LILACS (January 1993 to June 2009) and African Health Anthology (January 1993 to June 2009). We also reviewed grey literature (including trial registers) and reference lists of articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐randomised controlled trials (QRCTs), controlled before‐after (CBA) studies, and interrupted time series (ITS) studies with at least three time points before and after the intervention. We included studies using SMS or MMS as a mode of delivery for any type of preventive health care. We only included studies in which it was possible to assess the effects of mobile phone messaging independent of other technologies or interventions. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed all studies against the inclusion criteria, with any disagreements resolved by a third review author. Study design features, characteristics of target populations, interventions and controls, and results data were extracted by two review authors and confirmed by a third author. Primary outcomes of interest were health status and health behaviour outcomes. We also considered patients’ and providers’ evaluation of the intervention, perceptions of safety, health service utilisation and costs, and potential harms or adverse effects. Because the included studies were heterogeneous in type of condition addressed, intervention characteristics and outcome measures, we did not consider that it was justified to conduct a meta‐analysis to derive an overall effect size for the main outcome categories; instead, we present findings narratively. Main results We included four randomised controlled trials involving 1933 participants. For the primary outcome category of health, there was moderate quality evidence from one study that women who received prenatal support via mobile phone messages had significantly higher satisfaction than those who did not receive the messages, both in the antenatal period (mean difference (MD) 1.25, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.78 to 1.72) and perinatal period (MD 1.19, 95% CI 0.37 to 2.01). Their confidence level was also higher (MD 1.12, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.73) and anxiety level was lower (MD ‐2.15, 95% CI ‐3.42 to ‐0.88) than in the control group in the antenatal period. In this study, no further differences were observed between groups in the perinatal period. There was low quality evidence that the mobile phone messaging intervention did not affect pregnancy outcomes (gestational age at birth, infant birth weight, preterm delivery and route of delivery). For the primary outcome category of health behaviour, there was moderate quality evidence from one study that mobile phone message reminders to take vitamin C for preventive reasons resulted in higher adherence (risk ratio (RR) 1.41, 95% CI 1.14 to 1.74). There was high quality evidence from another study that participants receiving mobile phone messaging support had a significantly higher likelihood of quitting smoking than those in a control group at 6 weeks (RR 2.20, 95% CI 1.79 to 2.70) and at 12 weeks follow‐up (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.84). At 26 weeks, there was only a significant difference between groups if, for participants with missing data, the last known value was carried forward. There was very low quality evidence from one study that mobile phone messaging interventions for self‐monitoring of healthy behaviours related to childhood weight control did not have a statistically significant effect on physical activity, consumption of sugar‐sweetened beverages or screen time. For the secondary outcome of acceptability, there was very low quality evidence from one study that user evaluation of the intervention was similar between groups. There was moderate quality evidence from one study of no difference in adverse effects of the intervention, measured as rates of pain in the thumb or finger joints, and car crash rates. None of the studies reported the secondary outcomes of health service utilisation or costs of the intervention. Authors' conclusions We found very limited evidence that in certain cases mobile phone messaging interventions may support preventive health care, to improve health status and health behaviour outcomes. However, because of the low number of participants in three of the included studies, combined with study limitations of risk of bias and lack of demonstrated causality, the evidence for these effects is of low to moderate quality. The evidence is of high quality only for interventions aimed at smoking cessation. Furthermore, there are significant information gaps regarding the long‐term effects, risks and limitations of, and user satisfaction with, such interventions. Plain language summary Mobile phone messaging for preventive health care Many costly and disabling conditions such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer or diabetes are linked by common preventable risk factors like tobacco use, unhealthy nutrition, physical inactivity and excessive alcohol use. However, prevention still plays a secondary role in many health systems as all too often, healthcare workers fail to seize interactions with patient as opportunities to inform them about health promotion and disease prevention strategies. This review examined whether mobile phone applications such as Short Message Service (SMS) and Multimedia Message Service (MMS) can support and enhance primary preventive health interventions. There was moderate quality evidence from one study which showed that pregnant women who received supportive, informative text messages experienced higher satisfaction and confidence, and lower anxiety levels in the antenatal period than women who did not receive these. There was low quality evidence that there was no difference in pregnancy outcomes. We found one trial that provided high quality evidence that regular support messages sent by text message can help people to quit smoking, at least in the short‐term. One study assessing whether mobile phone messaging promoted use of preventive medication reported moderate quality evidence of higher self‐reported adherence by people receiving the messages. A fourth study on healthy behaviours in children found very low quality evidence showing that the interventions had no effect. There was very low quality evidence from one study that people's evaluation of the intervention was similar between groups. There was moderate quality evidence from one study of no difference in harms of the intervention, measured as rates of pain in the thumb or finger joints, and car crash rates. There were no studies reporting outcomes related to health service utilisation or costs. Although we find that, overall, mobile phone messaging can be helpful for some aspects of preventive health care, much is not yet known about the long‐term effects or potential negative consequences.
 Screening and subsequent management for thyroid dysfunction pre‐pregnancy and during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant health;  Abstract - Background Thyroid dysfunction pre‐pregnancy and during pregnancy (both hyper‐ and hypothyroidism) is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for mothers and infants in the short‐ and long‐term. Managing the thyroid dysfunction (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes. The best method of screening to identify and subsequently manage thyroid dysfunction pre‐pregnancy and during pregnancy is unknown. Objectives To assess the effects of different screening methods (and subsequent management) for thyroid dysfunction pre‐pregnancy and during pregnancy on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 July 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials, comparing any screening method (e.g. tool, program, guideline/protocol) for detecting thyroid dysfunction (including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and/or thyroid autoimmunity) pre‐pregnancy or during pregnancy with no screening, or alternative screening methods. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed eligibility of studies, extracted and checked data accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Main results We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 26,408 women) ‐ these trials were considered to be at low risk of bias. Universal screening (screening all women) versus case finding (screening only those at perceived increased risk) in pregnancy for thyroid dysfunction One trial (4562 women) compared universal screening with case finding for thyroid dysfunction. Before 11 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group, and 'high‐risk' women in the case finding group had their sera tested for TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone), fT4 (free thyroxine) and TPO‐Ab (thyroid peroxidase antibody); women with hypothyroidism (TSH > 2.5 mIU/litre) received levothyroxine; women with hyperthyroidism (undetectable TSH and elevated fT4) received antithyroid medication. In regards to this review's primary outcomes, compared with the case finding group, more women in the universal screening group were diagnosed with hypothyroidism (risk ratio (RR) 3.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women; GRADE:  high quality evidence ), with a trend towards more women being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism (RR 4.50, 95% CI 0.97 to 20.82; 4562 women; P = 0.05; GRADE:  moderate quality evidence ). No clear differences were seen in the risks of pre‐eclampsia (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.18; 4516 women; GRADE:  moderate quality evidence ), or preterm birth (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.24; 4516 women; GRADE:  high quality evidence ) between groups. This trial did not report on neurosensory disability for the infant as a child. Considering this review's secondary outcomes, more women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women). No clear differences between groups were observed for miscarriage (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; 4516 women; GRADE:  moderate quality evidence ), fetal and neonatal death (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.02; 4516 infants; GRADE:  moderate quality evidence ), or other secondary outcomes: pregnancy‐induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, congestive heart failure, thyroid storm, mode of birth (caesarean section), preterm labour, placental abruption, respiratory distress syndrome, low birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or other congenital malformations. The trial did not report on a number of outcomes including adverse effects associated with the intervention. Universal screening versus no screening in pregnancy for hypothyroidism One trial (21,846 women) compared universal screening with no screening for hypothyroidism. Before 15 + 6 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group had their sera tested; women who screened 'positive' (TSH > 97.5th percentile, fT4 < 2.5th percentile, or both) received levothyroxine. Considering primary review outcomes, compared with the no screening group, more women in the universal screening screened 'positive' for hypothyroidism (RR 998.18, 95% CI 62.36 to 15,978.48; 21,839 women; GRADE:  high quality evidence ). No data were provided for the outcome pre‐eclampsia, and for preterm birth, the trial reported rates of 5.6% and 7.9% for the screening and no screening groups respectively (it was unclear if these percentages related to the entire cohort or women who screened positive). No clear difference was seen for neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (three‐year follow‐up IQ score < 85) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.22; 794 infants; GRADE:  moderate quality evidence ). More women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 1102.90, 95% CI 69.07 to 17,610.46; 1050 women); 10% had their dose lowered because of low TSH, high fT4 or minor side effects. No clear differences were observed for other secondary outcomes, including developmental delay/intellectual impairment at three years. Most of our secondary outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal or neonatal death were not reported. Authors' conclusions Based on the existing evidence, though universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy increases the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism who can be subsequently treated, it does not clearly impact (benefit or harm) maternal and infant outcomes. While universal screening versus case finding for thyroid dysfunction increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, we found no clear differences for the primary outcomes: pre‐eclampsia or preterm birth. No clear differences were seen for secondary outcomes, including miscarriage and fetal or neonatal death; data were lacking for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child, and for many secondary outcomes. Though universal screening versus no screening for hypothyroidism similarly increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, no clear difference was seen for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (IQ < 85 at three years); data were lacking for the other primary outcomes: pre‐eclampsia and preterm birth, and for the majority of secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using the GRADE approach the evidence was considered to be moderate or high quality, with any downgrading of the evidence based on the presence of wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect. More evidence is needed to assess the benefits or harms of different screening methods for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, on maternal, infant and child health outcomes. Future trials should assess impacts on use of health services and costs, and be adequately powered to evaluate the effects on short‐ and long‐term outcomes. Plain language summary Screening and subsequent treatment for thyroid dysfunction before or during pregnancy to improve outcomes for mothers and their babies What is the issue? What are the effects of different screening methods (for example screening all women versus screening only some women, or not screening women) for thyroid dysfunction before or during pregnancy on outcomes for the mother and her baby? Why is this important? The thyroid is a large gland in the neck that produces hormones that help to regulate the chemical processes in the body that maintain life, including growth and energy use. If a woman has an overactive thyroid (hyperthyroidism), or an underactive thyroid (hypothyroidism) in pregnancy which is not managed, there is a possibility of poor outcomes for the mother and her baby. The mother may be more likely to develop high blood pressure and protein in the urine (pre‐eclampsia), give birth before 37 weeks of gestation (preterm birth), and her baby may develop disabilities (such as cerebral palsy, blindness, deafness and other developmental delays including intellectual impairment). Managing thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes for mothers and their babies. There are different methods of screening for thyroid dysfunction, including case finding, which means screening only pregnant women who are thought to be at high risk of thyroid dysfunction, or universal screening, which involves screening all pregnant women. Although universal screening may help to diagnose more women with hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism than case finding, it could also lead to more women having medications and may be costly. It is not currently clear what the effects are of these different methods of screening for thyroid dysfunction for the mother and her baby, and health services. What evidence did we find? In our search of the medical literature we found two randomised controlled trials, involving 26,408 women. The quality of the included trials was high, and the quality of the evidence they provided was moderate to high. (1) Universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, and hypothyroidism specifically, increased the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism, who were subsequently treated (one trial involving 4562 women; and one trial involving 21,839 women). The study of 4562 women also showed that there may have been an increase in the number of women diagnosed with hyperthyroidism with universal screening. (2) Universal screening and subsequent treatment did not show clear benefits or harms for the women or their babies as it did not change the number of women with pre‐eclampsia (in the one trial involving 4516 of 4562 women for this outcome), the number of women who gave birth preterm (one trial involving 4516 women), or the number of children with a disability (an intelligence quotient (IQ) less than 85 at three years of age) (one trial involving 794 children whose mothers had hypothyroidism from the total of 21,839 women). (3) One of the included trials did not report on later disabilities for the baby, and the other trial did not report on pre‐eclampsia or preterm birth. Neither of the trials reported on use of health services or costs. What does this mean? Although the overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high, apart from finding that universal screening can help to diagnose more women with hypothyroidism (who may then be treated), there were no clear differences in outcomes for the mothers and their babies between universal screening and case finding (or not screening at all). Even though the two included studies involved a large number of women, further evidence is needed to assess the potential short‐ and long‐term benefits or harms of different screening methods, along with the impact on health services including costs.
 Antenatal cardiotocography for fetal assessment;  Abstract - Background Cardiotocography (CTG) is a continuous recording of the fetal heart rate obtained via an ultrasound transducer placed on the mother’s abdomen. CTG is widely used in pregnancy as a method of assessing fetal well‐being, predominantly in pregnancies with increased risk of complications. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of antenatal CTG (both traditional and computerised assessments) in improving outcomes for mothers and babies during and after pregnancy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (26 June 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials that compared traditional antenatal CTG with no CTG or CTG results concealed; computerised CTG with no CTG or CTG results concealed; and computerised CTG with traditional CTG. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Main results Six studies (involving 2105 women) are included. Overall, the included studies were not of high quality, and only two had both adequate randomisation sequence generation and allocation concealment. All studies that were able to be included enrolled only women at increased risk of complications. Comparison of traditional CTG versus no CTG showed no significant difference identified in perinatal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 2.05, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.95 to 4.42, 2.3% versus 1.1%, four studies, N = 1627,  low quality evidence ) or potentially preventable deaths (RR 2.46, 95% CI 0.96 to 6.30, four studies, N = 1627), though the meta‐analysis was underpowered to assess this outcome. Similarly, there was no significant difference identified in caesarean sections (RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.28, 19.7% versus 18.5%, three trials, N = 1279,  low quality evidence ). There was also no significant difference identified for secondary outcomes related to Apgar scores less than seven at five minutes (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.37 to 1.88, one trial, N = 396,  very low quality evidence ); or admission to neonatal special care units or neonatal intensive care units (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.39, two trials, N = 883,  low quality evidence ), nor in the other secondary outcomes that were assessed. There were no eligible studies that compared computerised CTG with no CTG. Comparison of computerised CTG versus traditional CTG showed a significant reduction in perinatal mortality with computerised CTG (RR 0.20, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.88, two studies, 0.9% versus 4.2%, 469 women,  moderate quality evidence ). However, there was no significant difference identified in potentially preventable deaths (RR 0.23, 95% CI 0.04 to 1.29, two studies, N = 469), though the meta‐analysis was underpowered to assess this outcome. There was no significant difference identified in caesarean sections (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.24, 63% versus 72%, one study, N = 59,  low quality evidence ), Apgar scores less than seven at five minutes (RR 1.31, 95% CI 0.30 to 5.74, two studies, N = 469,  very low quality evidence ) or in secondary outcomes. Authors' conclusions There is no clear evidence that antenatal CTG improves perinatal outcome, but further studies focusing on the use of computerised CTG in specific populations of women with increased risk of complications are warranted. Plain language summary Cardiotocography (a form of electronic fetal monitoring) for assessing a baby's well‐being in the womb during pregnancy Some pregnancies can be complicated by a medical condition in the mother (e.g. diabetes or high blood pressure) or a condition that might affect the health or development of the baby. If these babies with potential difficulties could be identified, and if there were effective interventions to improve the outcomes, then an accurate test that could be used during pregnancy could be beneficial. Cardiotocography (CTG) is a continuous electronic record of the baby’s heart rate obtained via an ultrasound transducer placed on the mother’s abdomen. It is sometimes referred to as ‘electronic fetal monitoring’ (EFM). The review looked to see if using CTG during pregnancy might improve outcomes for babies by identifying those with complications. It looked for studies that included women at both increased risk, and at low risk, of complications. The review included six studies with all of the women at increased risk of complications. Four of the studies were undertaken in the 1980s and two in the late 1990s. The included studies were not of high quality. There were no differences in outcomes identified (low/very low quality evidence), although when computerised interpretation of the CTG trace was used, the findings looked promising. However, CTG monitors, associated technologies and the way midwives and obstetricians care for women with different complications in pregnancy have changed over the years. This means that more studies are needed now to see if outcomes for babies at increased risk of complications can be improved with antenatal CTG, particularly computerised CTG.
 Transplacental versus direct fetal corticosteroid treatment for accelerating fetal lung maturation where there is a risk of preterm birth;  Abstract - Background Despite major advances in medical technology, the incidence of preterm birth remains high. The use of antenatal corticosteroid administered transplacentally, by intramuscular injection to women at risk of preterm birth, has reduced the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome and increased the survival rates of preterm infants. However, this intervention also comes with its own risks and side effects. Animal studies and early studies in pregnant women at risk of preterm birth have reported the use of an alternative route of administration, by direct intramuscular injection of corticosteroid into the fetus under ultrasound guidance, in an attempt to minimise the side‐effect profile. Direct fetal corticosteroid administration may have benefits over maternal administration in terms of safety and efficacy. Objectives To assess if different routes of corticosteroid administration (maternal versus direct fetal) have effects on health outcomes for women and their babies. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (25 October 2017),  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (25 October 2017) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing maternal with direct fetal routes of antenatal corticosteroid administration in women at risk of preterm birth. Data collection and analysis The two review authors independently assessed study eligibility. In future updates of this review, at least two review authors will extract data and assess the risks of bias in included studies. We will also assess the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We did not identify any eligible randomised controlled trials to include in this review. Authors' conclusions The available clinical studies carried out so far on animals and human have shown that direct intramuscular injection of corticosteroid into the fetus under ultrasound guidance is feasible, but data on health outcomes are lacking. Uncertainty therefore persists as to which method could provide better efficacy and safety. Randomised controlled trials are required focusing on the benefits and harms of transplacental versus direct fetal corticosteroid treatment. Until the uncertainties have been addressed, it is advisable to stay with the current standard of antenatal transplacental maternally‐administered corticosteroid treatment. Plain language summary Direct injection of corticosteroids into the fetus compared with injection into the mother for improving fetal outcomes when the mother is at risk of preterm birth What is the issue? Babies born preterm (before 37 weeks of pregnancy) are at risk of dying, having bleeding into their brain and problems with their breathing because their lungs are not fully developed. Corticosteroid treatment given to the mother before early birth has been shown to be effective in preventing these problems and has become standard care in many countries. The common method of giving corticosteroid is by injecting into the mother's muscles. The corticosteroid treatment then transfers across the placenta (known as transplacental transfer) to the fetus. This treatment has its own risks, such as reducing fetal growth and brain development as well as increasing the baby's risks of diseases such as diabetes and high blood pressure. Injecting corticosteroid directly into the fetus is feasible with ultrasound guidance. Why is this important? Injecting corticosteroid directly into the fetus, instead of injecting into the mother's muscles, may prevent the risk of increased blood pressure, increased blood glucose levels, and susceptibility to sepsis in the mother. It may also reduce the amount of corticosteroid needed. However, it carries a risk of infection of the uterus and fetal injury, and may cause preterm labour and birth. We found that there have been no studies assessing the benefits and harms of direct injection into the fetus compared with injection into the mother. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence on 25 October 2017 and we did not find any completed randomised controlled trials that assess the benefits and harms of direct injection of corticosteroid into the fetus compared with injection into the mother, for women who are at risk of preterm birth. We found two studies, but one was not a randomised controlled trial, and in the other study the methods were unclear, so we have contacted the study authors for further information. What does this mean? We need further studies to assess the effects of injecting corticosteroid directly to the fetus compared with injecting into the mother's muscles. The babies in these trials need to be followed up over a long period so that we can monitor the effects of corticosteroids on childhood development, including impairments or disabilities such as cerebral palsy. We need good‐quality randomised trials, to establish if one method is better than the other.
 Lifestyle changes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome;  Abstract - Background Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 8% to 13% of reproductive‐aged women and is associated with reproductive and metabolic dysfunction. Obesity worsens the presentation of PCOS and weight management (weight loss, maintenance or prevention of excess weight gain) is proposed as an initial treatment strategy, best achieved through lifestyle changes incorporating diet, exercise and behavioural interventions. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of lifestyle treatment in improving reproductive, anthropometric (weight and body composition), metabolic and quality of life factors in PCOS. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, CINAHL and AMED (date of last search March 2018). We also searched controlled trials registries, conference abstracts, relevant journals, reference lists of relevant papers and reviews, and grey literature databases, with no language restrictions applied. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing lifestyle treatment (diet, exercise, behavioural or combined treatments) to minimal or no treatment in women with PCOS. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected trials, assessed evidence quality and risk of bias, and extracted data. Our primary outcomes were live birth, miscarriage and pregnancy. We used inverse variance and fixed‐effect models in the meta‐analyses. We reported dichotomous outcomes as an odds ratio and continuous outcomes as a mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD). Main results We included 15 studies with 498 participants. Ten studies compared physical activity to minimal dietary and behavioural intervention or no intervention. Five studies compared combined dietary, exercise and behavioural intervention to minimal intervention. One study compared behavioural intervention to minimal intervention. Risk of bias varied: eight studies had adequate sequence generation, seven had adequate clinician or outcome assessor blinding, seven had adequate allocation concealment, six had complete outcome data and six were free of selective reporting. No studies assessed the fertility primary outcomes of live birth or miscarriage. No studies reported the secondary reproductive outcome of menstrual regularity, as defined in this review. Lifestyle intervention may improve a secondary (endocrine) reproductive outcome, the free androgen index (FAI) (MD ‐1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.96 to ‐0.26, 6 RCTs, N = 204, I 2  = 71%, low‐quality evidence). Lifestyle intervention may reduce weight (kg) (MD ‐1.68 kg, 95% CI ‐2.66 to ‐0.70, 9 RCTs, N = 353, I 2  = 47%, low‐quality evidence). Lifestyle intervention may reduce body mass index (BMI) (kg/m 2 ) (‐0.34 kg/m 2 , 95% CI ‐0.68 to ‐0.01, 12 RCTs, N = 434, I 2 = 0%, low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain of the effect of lifestyle intervention on glucose tolerance (glucose outcomes in oral glucose tolerance test) (mmol/L/minute) (SMD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.38 to 0.33, 3 RCTs, N = 121, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Lifestyle intervention may improve the free androgen index (FAI), weight and BMI in women with PCOS. We are uncertain of the effect of lifestyle intervention on glucose tolerance. There were no studies that looked at the effect of lifestyle intervention on live birth, miscarriage or menstrual regularity. Most studies in this review were of low quality mainly due to high or unclear risk of bias across most domains and high heterogeneity for the FAI outcome. Plain language summary The effect of a healthy lifestyle for women with polycystic ovary syndrome Review question We reviewed the evidence on the effects of lifestyle interventions on reproductive, anthropometric (body measurement), metabolic and quality of life outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. Background Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a very common condition affecting 8% to 13% of women. Being overweight worsens all clinical features of PCOS. These clinical features include reproductive issues such as reduced frequency of ovulation and irregular menstrual cycles, reduced fertility, polycystic ovaries on ultrasound and high levels of male hormones such as testosterone, which can cause unwanted facial or body hair growth and acne. PCOS is also associated with metabolic features, with risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease including high levels of insulin or insulin resistance and abnormal cholesterol levels. PCOS affects quality of life and can worsen anxiety and depression either due to its symptoms or due to the diagnosis of a chronic disease. A healthy lifestyle consists of a healthy diet, regular exercise and achieving and maintaining a healthy weight. Study characteristics We found 15 studies that included 498 participants. Ten studies compared physical activity to minimal dietary and behavioural intervention or no intervention. Five studies compared combined dietary, exercise and behavioural intervention to minimal intervention. One study compared behavioural intervention to minimal intervention. The risk of bias in the studies varied and was generally unclear. The evidence is current to March 2018. Key results There were no studies that investigated the effect of a healthy lifestyle on live birth, miscarriage or regularity of menstrual cycles. Adopting a healthy lifestyle may result in weight loss or reduction in male hormone levels in some individuals. Diet and exercise may not have an effect on the body's ability to maintain normal blood glucose levels. Quality of the evidence The evidence was of low quality. The main limitations in the evidence were inconsistent and imprecise findings, and poor reporting of the methods used in the studies.
 Oral dextrose gel to prevent hypoglycaemia in at‐risk neonates;  Abstract - Background Neonatal hypoglycaemia is a common condition that can be associated with brain injury. Current practice usually includes early identification of at‐risk infants (e.g. infants of diabetic mothers; preterm, small‐ or large‐for‐gestational‐age infants), and prophylactic measures are advised. However, these measures often involve use of formula milk or admission to the neonatal unit. Dextrose gel is non‐invasive, inexpensive and effective for treatment of neonatal hypoglycaemia. Prophylactic dextrose gel can reduce the incidence of neonatal hypoglycaemia, thus potentially reducing separation of mother and baby and supporting breastfeeding, as well as preventing brain injury. This is an update of a previous Cochrane Review published in 2021. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of oral dextrose gel in preventing hypoglycaemia before first hospital discharge and reducing long‐term neurodevelopmental impairment in newborn infants at risk of hypoglycaemia. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and Epistemonikos in April 2023. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing oral dextrose gel versus placebo, no intervention, or other therapies for the prevention of neonatal hypoglycaemia. We included newborn infants at risk of hypoglycaemia, including infants of mothers with diabetes (all types), high or low birthweight, and born preterm (< 37 weeks), age from birth to 24 hours, who had not yet been diagnosed with hypoglycaemia. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias. We contacted investigators to obtain additional information. We used fixed‐effect meta‐analyses. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We included two studies conducted in high‐income countries comparing oral dextrose gel versus placebo in 2548 infants at risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia. Both of these studies were included in the previous version of this review, but new follow‐up data were available for both. We judged these two studies to be at low risk of bias in 13/14 domains, and that the evidence for most outcomes was of moderate certainty. Meta‐analysis of the two studies showed that oral dextrose gel reduces the risk of hypoglycaemia (risk ratio (RR) 0.87, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79 to 0.95; risk difference (RD) ‐0.06, 95% CI ‐0.10 to ‐0.02; 2548 infants; high‐certainty evidence). Evidence from two studies showed that there may be little to no difference in the risk of major neurological disability at two years of age after oral dextrose gel (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.68; 1554 children; low‐certainty evidence). Meta‐analysis of the two studies showed that oral dextrose gel probably reduces the risk of receipt of treatment for hypoglycaemia during initial hospital stay (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.00; 2548 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence) but probably makes little or no difference to the risk of receipt of intravenous treatment for hypoglycaemia (RR 1.01, 0.68 to 1.49; 2548 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Oral dextrose gel may have little or no effect on the risk of separation from the mother for treatment of hypoglycaemia (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.55; two studies, 2548 infants; low‐certainty evidence). There is probably little or no difference in the risk of adverse effects in infants who receive oral dextrose gel compared to placebo gel (RR 1.22, 95% CI 0.64 to 2.33; two studies, 2510 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence), but there are no studies comparing oral dextrose with other comparators such as no intervention or other therapies. No data were available on exclusive breastfeeding after discharge. Authors' conclusions Prophylactic oral dextrose gel reduces the risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia in at‐risk infants and probably reduces the risk of treatment for hypoglycaemia without adverse effects. It may make little to no difference to the risk of major neurological disability at two years, but the confidence intervals include the possibility of substantial benefit or harm. Evidence at six to seven years is limited to a single small study. In view of its limited short‐term benefits, prophylactic oral dextrose gel should not be incorporated into routine practice until additional information is available about the balance of risks and harms for later neurological disability. Additional large follow‐up studies at two years of age or older are required. Future research should also be undertaken in other high‐income countries, low‐ and middle‐income countries, preterm infants, using other dextrose gel preparations, and using comparators other than placebo gel. There are three studies awaiting classification and one ongoing study which may alter the conclusions of the review when published. Plain language summary Oral dextrose gel for prevention of low blood glucose levels in newborn babies Review question Is oral dextrose gel effective and safe in preventing low blood glucose levels and reducing long‐term disability in newborn babies at risk of low blood glucose levels? Key messages ‐ Current evidence is based on two studies in 2548 at‐risk babies in high income countries with outcome assessments in newborns, at two years and six to seven years of age. ‐ Oral dextrose gel is safe and effective in reducing low blood glucose levels in newborn babies at risk of low blood glucose levels. ‐ It is uncertain whether oral dextrose gel increases or decreases disability at two years or older. Why are low blood glucose levels important? Low blood sugar (glucose) levels are important because they are common and are associated with brain injury in newborn babies. Up to 39 of every 100 babies will have low blood glucose levels over the first few days after they are born, and as many as half of babies who are at higher risk (those born preterm, or smaller or larger than usual, or whose mothers have diabetes). Low blood glucose levels can cause problems with academic achievement and development during childhood. Some evidence suggests that even one episode of low blood glucose or episodes that are undetected can contribute to these problems. Therefore, it would be useful to prevent low glucose levels from occurring. Additionally, treatments for low glucose levels often include formula milk or admission to the neonatal unit, leading to the separation of mother and baby. The treatments and the separation may both impair breastfeeding. How could dextrose gel prevent low blood glucose levels? Oral dextrose (sugar) gel can be rubbed on the inside of a baby's mouth, where the sugar can be absorbed and thus potentially help prevent low glucose levels. What did we want to find out? We wanted to understand whether babies given oral dextrose gel after birth are less likely to: ‐ have low blood sugar levels ‐ have major disability at two years or older We also wanted to know if oral dextrose gel had any unwanted effects such as vomiting or choking. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated whether oral dextrose gel, compared to another treatment or no treatment, was safe and effective in preventing low blood sugar levels and major disability later in childhood. We also looked at additional clinically important outcomes. What did we find? We found two studies, both in high‐income countries, including a total of 2548 at‐risk infants. Both studies assessed the health outcomes of participating children at two years of age, and one also assessed them at six to seven years of age. From reviewing these studies, we are confident that preventative oral dextrose gel reduces the risk of low blood glucose levels in newborn infants at risk. However, we are uncertain whether oral dextrose gel alters the risk of major disability at two years or older, as one study in 360 children showed disability was possibly reduced, while the other study in 2149 children showed it was possibly increased. Evidence from two studies suggests that infants given oral dextrose gel are not at a higher risk of adverse effects (harms) such as choking or vomiting compared with infants given placebo gel, but there was no information to assess whether oral dextrose gel is safer than no treatment or other therapies. Oral dextrose gel also probably reduces the need for treatment for low blood sugar levels. It may have little to no effect on separation from the mother for treatment of hypoglycaemia, but we have little confidence in this finding because of variation between the two studies. No data were available on exclusive breastfeeding after discharge. What are the limitations of the evidence? The two studies were conducted in high‐income countries only, and the findings may not be applicable to other settings. The findings may also not be applicable to preterm infants or other preparations of dextrose gel. Where we were not confident in the evidence was generally because there were only two studies that did not allow us to be certain about the results. Also, there may have been too few events (e.g. adverse effects) to make a conclusion with certainty. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This review updates our previous review, published in 2021. The evidence is up‐to‐date to April 2023.
