Impact of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors combined with chemotherapy for resectable non-small cell lung cancer: a retrospective cohort study; Background: Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors(ICIs) combined with chemotherapy can improve non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC) patients' pathological responses and show promising improvements in survival. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a systemic inflammatory disease, and its associated abnormal inflammatory response affects not only the immunotherapy efficacy but also immune-related adverse events. It remains unclear whether NSCLC patients with COPD can benefit from neoadjuvant ICIs combined with chemotherapy. Methods: A retrospective observational clinical study was conducted on 105 consecutive NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant ICIs combined with chemotherapy at the Department of Thoracic Surgery of Tianjin Chest Hospital between April 2020 and April 2023. Results: A total of 74 NSCLC patients were included in the study, including 30 patients with COPD and 44 patients without COPD. The percentage of patients with a pathological complete response (PCR) was higher in the COPD group than in the non-COPD group (43.3% vs. 20.5%, P = 0.042). Multivariate logistic regression analysis of factors associated with PCR showed that the adjusted odds ratio (OR) was statistically significant for presence of COPD (OR = 3.020, 95%CI: 1.042–8.757; P = 0.042). Major pathological response (66.7% vs. 50%, P = 0.155), R0 resection rate (96.7% vs.93.2%, P = 0.642), N2 lymph node downstaging(92.3% vs. 66.7%, P = 0.182) and objective response rate (70% vs. 63.6%, P = 0.57) were not significantly different between the groups. Progression-free survival(PFS) was not reached in the COPD group and 17 months (95%CI: 12.1–21.9) in the non-COPD group, with statistically significance (χ2 = 6.247, P = 0.012). Multivariate Cox’s regression analysis showed that the adjusted hazard ratio (HRadj) was statistically significant for presence of COPD (HRadj = 0.321, 95%CI: 0.111–0.930; P = 0.036). The grade 3 and grade 4 adverse events in the COPD group were leukopenia (3.3%, 6.7%), neutropenia (3.3%, 6.7%), fatigue (6.7%, 0%), gastrointestinal reactions (3.3%, 0%), and hypothyroidism (3.3%, 0%). In the non-COPD group, the corresponding adverse events were leukopenia (6.8%, 6.8%), neutropenia (3.3%, 6.8%), fatigue (2.3%, 0%), gastrointestinal reactions (2.3%, 0%), and hypothyroidism (2.3%, 0%), respectively. Conclusions: The present study indicates that the presence of COPD may improve PCR, prolong PFS, and have an acceptable safety profile in NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant ICIs combined with chemotherapy.
Optimizing perioperative treatment for potentially resectable stage III squamous cell lung carcinoma: promising results of a condensed four-cycle regimen with tislelizumaband chemotherapy; Background: The standard care for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) involves perioperative therapy combining chemotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors, typically lasting 6 to 12 months. However, the optimal treatment strategies for potentially resectable squamous cell lung carcinoma (SCC) remain unclear. This Phase 2 trial aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of a condensed four-cycle perioperative treatment regimen with tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with potentially resectable stage III SCC. Methods: Patients with potentially resectable stage IIIA-IIIB (N2) SCC received intravenous tislelizumab, albumin-bound paclitaxel, and carboplatin for up to four cycles. The primary endpoints were major pathologic response (MPR) and incidence of treatment-related adverse events. Safety and potential biomarkers for efficacy prediction were also assessed. Results: Among 35 enrolled patients, 32 underwent surgery with R0 resection achieved in all cases. MPR was achieved in 24 patients and pathological complete response (pCR) in 14 patients. Radiographic objective response was observed in 31 patients. The 12-month and 24-month event-free survival rate was 85.7 and 61.0%, respectively. Four patients experienced grade 3 or 4 adverse events. Tumor tissue based next-generation sequencing revealed the potential associations between several biomarkers and pathological response, including tumor neoantigen burden score, 18-gene expression profile score, CD8 + T cells, M1/M2 macrophages ratio and interferon‐gamma expression level. Besides, circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) dynamics and concentration were also associated with pathological response and the presence of ctDNA at postoperative month 1 was a strong predictor for disease relapse. Furthermore, metagenomic sequencing in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid demonstrated Streptococcus was the most abundant genus in the pCR group. Conclusions: A condensed four-cycle perioperative treatment regimen of tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy demonstrated promising efficacy and manageable toxicities in potentially resectable stage III SCC. Specific biomarkers showed potential for predicting treatment efficacy and the mechanism of superior antitumor response of pCR patients was preliminarily and indirectly explored. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT05024266. Registered August 27, 2021.
Neoadjuvant camrelizumab (an anti-PD-1 antibody) plus chemotherapy or apatinib (a VEGFR-2 inhibitor) for initially unresectable stage II–III non-small-cell lung cancer: a multicentre, two-arm, phase 2 exploratory study; This multicentre, two-arm, phase 2 study aimed to explore the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy or apatinib in patients with initially unresectable stage II–III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Eligible patients regardless of PD-L1 expression received neoadjuvant camrelizumab 200 mg and platinum-doublet chemotherapy every 3 weeks (arm A) or those with PD-L1-positive tumors received neoadjuvant camrelizumab and apatinib 250 mg once daily (arm B), for 2–4 cycles, followed by surgery. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR) rate. Thirty patients in arm A and 21 in arm B were enrolled. Surgery rates were 50.0% (15/30) in arm A and 42.9% (9/21) in arm B, with all patients achieving R0 resections. Of these patients, the MPR and pathological complete response rates were both 20.0% (95% CI 4.3–48.1) in arm A and were 55.6% (95% CI 21.2–86.3) and 11.1% (95% CI 0.3–48.2) in arm B, respectively. The corresponding objective response rates were 33.3% (95% CI 11.8–61.6) and 55.6% (95% CI 21.2–86.3). With a median follow-up of 22.4 months (95% CI 19.0–26.0), the median event-free survival was not reached (NR; 95% CI 13.6-NR) in arm A and 16.8 months (95% CI 8.6-NR) in arm B. Grade 3 or above treatment-related adverse events occurred in eight (26.7%) patients in arm A and three (14.3%) in arm B. Biomarker analysis showed baseline TYROBP expression was predictive of treatment response in arm B. Neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy or apatinib exhibits preliminary efficacy and manageable toxicity in patients with initially unresectable stage II–III NSCLC.
Taxane combined with lobaplatin or anthracycline for neoadjuvant chemotherapy of triple-negative breast cancer: a randomized, controlled, phase II study; Background: Previous studies have shown that the addition of platinum to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) improved outcomes for patients with triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). However, no studies have assessed the efficacy and safety of the combination of taxane and lobaplatin. In this study, we conducted a randomized controlled phase II clinical study to compare the efficacy and safety of taxane combined with lobaplatin or anthracycline. Methods: We randomly allocated patients with stage I–III TNBC into Arm A and Arm B. Arm A received six cycles of taxane combined with lobaplatin (TL). Arm B received six cycles of taxane combined with anthracycline and cyclophosphamide (TEC) or eight cycles of anthracycline combined with cyclophosphamide and sequential use of taxane (EC-T). Both Arms underwent surgery after NAC. The primary endpoint was the pathologic complete response (pCR). Secondary endpoints were event-free survival (EFS), overall survival (OS), and safety. Results: A total of 103 patients (51 in Arm A and 52 in Arm B) were assessed. The pCR rate of Arm A was significantly higher than that of Arm B (41.2% vs. 21.2%, P = 0.028). Patients with positive lymph nodes and low neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) benefited significantly more from Arm A than those with negative lymph nodes and high NLR (Pinteraction = 0.001, Pinteraction = 0.012, respectively). There was no significant difference in EFS (P = 0.895) or OS (P = 0.633) between the two arms. The prevalence of grade-3/4 anemia was higher in Arm A (P = 0.015), and the prevalence of grade-3/4 neutropenia was higher in Arm B (P = 0.044). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant taxane plus lobaplatin has shown better efficacy than taxane plus anthracycline, and both regimens have similar toxicity profiles. This trial may provide a reference for a better combination strategy of immunotherapy in NAC for TNBC in the future.
Blood-based molecular and cellular biomarkers of early response to neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade in patients with non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Despite the improved survival observed in PD-1/PD-L1 blockade therapy, a substantial proportion of cancer patients, including those with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), still lack a response. Methods: Transcriptomic profiling was conducted on a discovery cohort comprising 100 whole blood samples, as collected multiple times from 48 healthy controls (including 43 published data) and 31 NSCLC patients that under treatment with a combination of anti-PD-1 Tislelizumab and chemotherapy. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs), simulated immune cell subsets, and germline DNA mutational markers were identified from patients achieved a pathological complete response during the early treatment cycles. The predictive values of mutational markers were further validated in an independent immunotherapy cohort of 1661 subjects, and then confirmed in genetically matched lung cancer cell lines by a co-culturing model. Results: The gene expression of hundreds of DEGs (FDR p < 0.05, fold change < -2 or > 2) distinguished responders from healthy controls, indicating the potential to stratify patients utilizing early on-treatment features from blood. PD-1-mediated cell abundance changes in memory CD4 + and regulatory T cell subset were more significant or exclusively observed in responders. A panel of top-ranked genetic alterations showed significant associations with improved survival (p < 0.05) and heightened responsiveness to anti-PD-1 treatment in patient cohort and co-cultured cell lines. Conclusion: This study discovered and validated peripheral blood-based biomarkers with evident predictive efficacy for early therapy response and patient stratification before treatment for neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade in NSCLC patients.
Nomograms to predict tumor regression grade (TRG) and ypTNM staging in patients with locally advanced esophageal cancer receiving neoadjuvant therapy; Background: Neoadjuvant therapy (NT) has increased survival rates for patients with locally advanced esophageal cancer (EC), but estimating the impact of NT treatment prior to surgery is still very difficult. Methods: A retrospective study of the clinical information of 150 patients with locally advanced EC who got NT at Qilu Hospital of Shandong University between June 2018 and June 2023. Patients were randomized into training and internal validation groups at a 3:1 ratio. Furthermore, an external validation cohort comprised 38 patients who underwent neoadjuvant therapy at Qianfoshan Hospital in the Shandong Province between June 2021 and June 2023. Independent risk factors were identified using univariate and multivariate logistic regression (forward stepwise regression). Predictive models and dynamic web nomograms were developed by integrating these risk factors. Results: A total of 188 patients with locally advanced EC were enrolled, of whom 118 achieved stage I of neoadjuvant pathologic TNM (ypTNM) after receiving NT and 129 achieved grades 0-1 in the tumor regression grade (TRG). Logistic regression analysis identified five independent predictors of TRG grades 0-1: pulmonary function tests (PFT), prognostic nutritional index (PNI), triglyceride (TG) levels, squamous cell carcinoma antigen (SCC-Ag) levels, and combination immunotherapy. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves for the training, internal validation, and external validation groups were 0.87, 0.75, and 0.80, respectively. Meanwhile, two independent predictors of stage I of ypTNM were identified: prealbumin (PA) and SCC antigen. The areas under the ROC curves for the training, internal validation, and external validation groups were 0.78, 0.67, and 0.70, respectively. The Hosmer-Lemeshow test for both predictive models showed excellent calibration, with well-fitted calibration curves. Decision curve analysis (DCA) and clinical impact curves (CIC) have demonstrated that nomograms are of clinical utility. Conclusion: The nomograms performed well in predicting the likelihood of stage I of ypTNM and TRG grade 0-1 after NT in patients with locally advanced EC. It helps thoracic surgeons to predict the sensitivity of patients to NT before surgery, which enables precise treatment of patients with locally advanced EC.
Delta-radiomics features of ADC maps as early predictors of treatment response in lung cancer; Objective: Investigate the feasibility of detecting early treatment-induced tumor tissue changes in patients with advanced lung adenocarcinoma using diffusion-weighted MRI-derived radiomics features. Methods: This prospective observational study included 144 patients receiving either tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI, n = 64) or platinum-based chemotherapy (PBC, n = 80) for the treatment of pulmonary adenocarcinoma. Patients underwent diffusion-weighted MRI the day prior to therapy (baseline, all patients), as well as either + 1 (PBC) or + 7 and + 14 (TKI) days after treatment initiation. One hundred ninety-seven radiomics features were extracted from manually delineated tumor volumes. Feature changes over time were analyzed for correlation with treatment response (TR) according to CT-derived RECIST after 2 months and progression-free survival (PFS). Results: Out of 14 selected delta-radiomics features, 6 showed significant correlations with PFS or TR. Most significant correlations were found after 14 days. Features quantifying ROI heterogeneity, such as short-run emphasis (p = 0.04(pfs)/0.005(tr)), gradient short-run emphasis (p = 0.06(pfs)/0.01(tr)), and zone percentage (p = 0.02(pfs)/0.01(tr)) increased in patients with overall better TR whereas patients with worse overall response showed an increase in features quantifying ROI homogeneity, such as normalized inverse difference (p = 0.01(pfs)/0.04(tr)). Clustering of these features allows stratification of patients into groups of longer and shorter survival. Conclusion: Two weeks after initiation of treatment, diffusion MRI of lung adenocarcinoma reveals quantifiable tissue-level insights that correlate well with future treatment (non-)response. Diffusion MRI-derived radiomics thus shows promise as an early, radiation-free decision-support to predict efficacy and potentially alter the treatment course early. Critical relevance statement: Delta-Radiomics texture features derived from diffusion-weighted MRI of lung adenocarcinoma, acquired as early as 2 weeks after initiation of treatment, are significantly correlated with RECIST TR and PFS as obtained through later morphological imaging. Key Points: Morphological imaging takes time to detect TR in lung cancer, diffusion-weighted MRI might identify response earlier. Several radiomics features are significantly correlated with TR and PFS. Radiomics of diffusion-weighted MRI may facilitate patient stratification and management. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.)
Advances in clinical trials on perioperative immune checkpoint inhibitors for resectable non-small cell lung cancer: A comprehensive review; The reduction in lung cancer mortality rates over the past decade can be partially ascribed to advancements in immunotherapy. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have transformed the therapeutic landscape for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and have recently been evaluated in multiple clinical trials to confirm their safety and efficacy in the neoadjuvant, adjuvant and perioperative settings for patients with resectable NSCLC. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted approval for adjuvant atezolizumab following platinum-doublet chemotherapy, neoadjuvant nivolumab and platinum-doublet chemotherapy, adjuvant pembrolizumab after platinum-doublet chemotherapy, and neoadjuvant/adjuvant pembrolizumab for resectable NSCLC, with potential forthcoming approvals for additional agents or indications. Novel data, approvals, and emerging research findings are dramatically shifting the accepted standards of care over just a few years. Despite these advances, the optimal application of these treatments is not entirely straightforward. This article summarizes the biological rationale for immunotherapy and the important clinical trials regarding perioperative ICIs. We also further outline the controversies and future directions to better guide the individualized treatment of NSCLC patients.
Novel time-synchronized immune-guided partial tumor irradiation: Proof of principle trial; Background and purpose: Radiotherapy for bulky tumors often results in palliation with suboptimal outcomes. The prognosis is worsened by immunosuppression caused by radio-chemotherapy, negatively impacting on survival. Novel Partial Tumor Irradiation (PTI) was designed to spare the Peritumoral Immune Microenvironment (PIM) and to be delivered synchronously with immune activity peaks, thus enhancing both local and distant tumor control through immunostimulation. Materials and methods: Present proof-of-principle trial enrolled 26 patients with bulky tumors, comparing outcomes between treatments administered at immune activity peaks versus troughs. The primary endpoint was local-bystander and distal-abscopal response-rate. Secondary endpoints included overall-, progression-free-, cancer-specific survival, neoadjuvant and immunomodulatory potential. Results: All measured outcomes were significantly influenced by treatment-timing. The bystander and abscopal response rates were 77% and 41%, respectively. PTI significantly upregulated pro-inflammatory and cell-death-inducing pathways improving the efficacy of radiotherapy by highly complex tumors. Conclusions: This study highlights the profound impact PTI can have on a highly palliative patient cohort previously deemed beyond therapeutic hope. With 41 % of these patients still alive after a median follow-up of 50 months, PTI offers a potential lifeline for those facing advanced, treatment-resistant cancers. This approach generated also distant immunogenic anti-tumor responses, offering a promising new avenue for the treatment of advanced cancers.
Neoadjuvant Camrelizumab Combined with Chemotherapy for Resectable Stage IIIA-IIIB Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Single Arm Phase II Study; Purpose/Objective(s): This study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Materials/Methods: In this single-arm phase II clinical trial, patients aged 18-75 with pathologically confirmed resectable stage IIIA-IIIB (T3-4N2) NSCLC without EGFR, ALK, and ROS1 gene mutations were enrolled since December 2022. Patients were assigned to receive 3 cycles of camrelizumab (200 mg) plus chemotherapy (nab-paclitaxel, 130 mg/m2 or pemetrexed (for adenocarcinoma), 500mg/m2 plus platinum [cisplatin, 75 mg/m2; carboplatin, area under the curve, 5]). Radical surgery was performed within 4-6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy. Patients undergo 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) PET/CT scans in 1 week before treatment and surgery, respectively. The primary endpoints for follow-up are pathologic complete response (pCR) rate and major pathological response (MPR) rate, while secondary endpoints include safety and disease-free-survival (DFS). Exploratory endpoints include molecular imaging research and biomarker analysis. Results: Up to December 2023, 30 patients (median age: 64 years) have been enrolled, including 22 cases of squamous carcinoma and 8 cases of adenocarcinoma. All patients received 3 cycles of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy, and 27 patients underwent radical surgery. Three patients did not receive surgical treatment, 2 of whom refused surgery and 1 was unable to undergo surgery due to disease progression. Among patients received surgery, 27 (100%) achieved R0 resection, 10 (37.0%) achieved pCR, and 15 (55.6%) achieved MPR. For patients with squamous cell carcinoma, the MPR and pCR rates were 70% (14/20) and 45% (9/20), respectively, while for adenocarcinoma patients, the MPR and pCR rates were 14.3% (1/7) and 14.3% (1/7), respectively. There was no significant difference in pathological response rates between the PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥ 1% group and the PD-L1 TPS < 1% group. Most of treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were grade 1-2, and the most common TRAEs was leukopenia (63.0%). Five patients (18.5%) developed grade ≥ 3 TRAEs, including 3 leukopenia (11.1%), 1 neutropenia (3.7%), and 1 pneumonia (3.7%). Among patients with pCR, the proportion of increased circulating M1 macrophages and decreased mononuclear myeloid-derived suppressor cells (M-MDSCs) and M2 macrophages after treatment was higher than those in non-pCR patients. Circulating ctDNA analysis showed that the ctDNA concentration of patients with non-pCR after treatment was higher than that of patients with pCR. Patients with ctDNA remaining positive after treatment were all in the non-pCR group. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy for NSCLC patients show promising pathological response rates and tolerable safety.
Disparities in the Efficacy of Different Treatment Modalities for Inoperable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in the Immune Era: A Retrospective, Real-World Study; Purpose/Objective(s): In the immune era, chemo-immunotherapy (CIT) has shown exciting efficacy both in the neoadjuvant setting and in the first-line systemic treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here, we discussed the value of CIT in local-advanced NSCLC (LA-NSCLC) and explore the best treatment modalities for LA-NSCLC. Materials/Methods: Consecutive patients with inoperable or refusing surgery stage II-III NSCLC receiving immunotherapy for the first-line systemic therapy from January 2018 to December 2022 were included. Survival outcomes, failure patterns and the best induction times were analyzed. The overall survival (OS), progression free survival (PFS) and local recurrence free survival (LRFS) were calculated using Kaplan-Meier methodology. Results: 410 eligible cases were identified, 173 patients received thoracic radiotherapy before disease progression (RT group) and 237 patients received systemic CIT only without thoracic radiotherapy before disease progression (non-RT group). The median OS, PFS (mOS, mPFS) for RT group and non-RT group were 55.5 months, 21.3 months and 26.6 months, 14.1 months, respectively (POS <0.0001, HR = 0.49, 95% CI = 0.34-0.70; PPFS <0.0001, HR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.42-0.72). The local recurrence free survival (LRFS) of RT group is obviously better than non-RT group (P <0.0001, HR = 0.38, 95% CI 0.28-0.52), the median LRFS (mLRFS) of was 22.2 months and not reached in RT and non-RT groups. In addition, the mOS of CIT induction prior to concurrent chemo-radiotherapy (cCRT) group is better than the cCRT/sequential chemo-radiotherapy (sCRT) followed by ICI maintenance group (not reached VS 53.4 months, P = 0.089, HR = 0.31, 95% CI = 0.13-0.78). Subgroup analysis revealed that patients with ≤ 4 cycles CIT inductions prior to radiotherapy (RT) have a better prognosis than patients with > 4 cycles CIT inductions (P = 0.036, HR = 0.42, 95% CI = 0.18-0.97). And patients who respond well to CIT induction prior to RT have a trend of better OS than those who respond poorly (P = 0.08, HR = 0.52, 95% CI = 0.24-1.14). Exploring the optimal dose of RT showed that there was no significant difference in OS and PFS between 50Gy and 60Gy (P = 0.141, HR = 0.63, 95% CI = 0.31-1.29). Conclusion: In the immune era, RT remains indispensable for inoperable LA-NSCLC. The CIT induction of no more than 4 cycles before cCRT and followed by ICI consolidation therapy has achieved an exciting survival benefit for LA-NSCLC patients. And the best RT dose needs to be determined in a further study, 50Gy and 60Gy may not be different for selected patients.
Molecular Imaging Research on 18F-FDG PET/CT and Biomarker Analysis Predict the Efficacy of Neoadjuvant Camrelizumab Combined with Chemotherapy for Resectable Stage IIIA-IIIB NSCLC; Purpose/Objective(s): The purpose of this study was to explore the predictive value of tumor and secondary lymphoid metabolic parameters on 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (18F-FDG PET/CT) and circulating biomarkers for pathological response of neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Materials/Methods: We included 22 patients who was diagnosed with NSCLC (stage IIIA-IIIB (T3-4N2)) and underwent curative surgery after receiving 3 cycles of camrelizumab plus chemotherapy between January 2023 and January 2024 in Shandong Cancer Hospital. Radical surgery was performed within 4-6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy. Patients undergo 18F-FDG PET/CT scans in 1 week before treatment and 1 week before surgery. Pathological outcomes were assessed and divided into pathologic complete response (pCR) and non-pCR (defined as residual tumor>0%). The PET/CT parameters were measured, including tumor metabolic parameters such as maximum normalized uptake value (SUVmax), average normalized uptake value (SUVmean), total pathological glycolysis (TLG), and metabolic tumor volume (MTV). Additionally, secondary lymphoid organ metabolic parameters like the spleno-liver SUVmax ratio (SLR) and bone marrow-liver SUVmax ratio (BLR) were assessed. Furthermore, lymphocyte subsets and inflammatory biomarkers in peripheral blood were analyzed. The correlation between PET/CT metabolic parameters, lymphocyte subsets, inflammatory biomarkers and pathological response was analyzed. Results: pCR was achieved in 8 of the 22 patients. SUVmax in both pCR (p＜0.001) and non-pCR patients (p＜0.001) decreased before surgery. Among patients with pCR, the absolute value of decreased SUVmax (p = 0.024) and the rate of decreased SUVmax (ΔSUVmax%) (p = 0.042) before surgery was higher than those in non-pCR patients. In pCR group, SLR has a decreasing trend before surgery (p = 0.083). In circulating biomarker analysis, the percentage of NK cells changes (ΔNK%) of patients with pCR before surgery was higher than that of patients with non-pCR (p = 0.029). Neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) in pCR group decreased significantly (p = 0.021) before surgery and there also had declining trend in the non-pCR group (p = 0.062). Before surgery, systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) was significantly decreased in both pCR (p = 0.028) and non-pCR (p＜0.001) groups. There also had significant decrease in derived neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (dNLR) before surgery in both pCR (p = 0.01) and non-pCR (p = 0.031) groups. Conclusion: The SUVmax of the primary site at baseline, ΔSUVmax% and ΔNK% have good value in pCR for patients with stage IIIA-IIIB NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy. More analysis of biomarkers is ongoing.
Top advances of the year: Perioperative therapy for lung cancer; Emerging data supporting the rise of perioperative immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) as a standard of care in the treatment of early stage, surgically resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) dominated the NSCLC news in 2023. Adjuvant pembrolizumab became the second adjuvant ICI to receive US Food and Drug Administration approval in early 2023 after the 2021 approval of adjuvant atezolizumab and the 2022 approval of neoadjuvant nivolumab with chemotherapy. Subsequently in 2023, multiple phase 3 trials examining perioperative ICIs were positive and demonstrated clinically meaningful outcomes by prolonging event-free survival, improving pathologic complete response rates, and trending toward improved overall survival in most. Perioperative pembrolizumab became the first ICI to attain US Food and Drug Administration approval in this setting through the KEYNOTE-671 trial (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT03425643), which also demonstrated a definitive overall survival benefit in the entire study population. However, questions remain regarding patient selection for either approach and how we can optimize biomarkers to determine who needs adjuvant therapy after surgery.
Gustave Roussy Immune score as a prognostic biomarker in patients with platinum-refractory metastatic urothelial carcinoma treated with pembrolizumab: YUSHIMA study; Background: This study aimed to investigate the prognostic value of the Gustave Roussy Immune score (GRIm-score) in platinum-refractory metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) treated with pembrolizumab. Methods: This multicenter retrospective study (YUSHIMA study) evaluated 331 patients with metastatic UC treated with pembrolizumab after platinum-based chemotherapy between January 2018 and June 2023 at 13 institutions. We collected pretreatment variables, including the GRIm-score based on serum albumin, lactate dehydrogenase, and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio. The patients were divided into low and high GRIm-score groups. Prognostic factors for overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) were determined using the multivariate Cox proportional hazard model. Results: During the median follow-up period of 7.3 months, 278 (84%) patients showed disease progression, and 223 (67%) died from any cause. Multivariate analysis revealed that the high GRIm-score group was an independent and significant adverse prognostic factor of both OS and PFS (hazard ratio, 1.65 and 1.82, respectively; both p < 0.001) along with Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status of ≥ 2 (both p < 0.001), presence of visceral metastasis (both p < 0.001), and hemoglobin of < 9.2 g/dL (p = 0.030 and p = 0.038). C-reactive protein of > 42 mg/L was a significant prognostic factor for OS (p = 0.001). Conclusion: The GRIm-score is an independent prognostic marker for survival outcomes in patients with platinum-refractory metastatic UC treated with pembrolizumab.
Neoadjuvant vs Adjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy for Stage II-IIIB Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: In patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), recent trials demonstrate survival benefit of chemoimmunotherapy over chemotherapy alone in both the neoadjuvant and adjuvant settings. To date, there is no direct comparison between neoadjuvant and adjuvant protocols. We compared neoadjuvant vs adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for resectable stage II-IIIB NSCLC. Methods: We queried the National Cancer Database for patients who had undergone an operation for stage II-IIIB NSCLC and who had received neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy between 2015 and 2020. We used inverse probability weighting to adjust for confounding variables and used Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox regression to explore the relationship between treatment groups and overall survival (OS) at 3 years postoperatively. Results: The inverse probability-weighted cohort represented 2119 weighted patient cases (neoadjuvant, 1034; adjuvant, 1085). Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated a significant OS benefit for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy compared with adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in the weighted cohort (3-year OS: 77% [95% CI, 71%-83%] vs 68% [95% CI, 64%-72%]; P = .035). On adjusted Cox regression, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was associated with a significant OS benefit (hazard ratio, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.50-0.96; P = .027). Among patients for whom pathologic stage data were available, 25% of patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy had a pathologic complete response, with an additional 32.5% being downstaged. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy confers a significant OS benefit over adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for patients with resectable stage II-IIIB NSCLC. Although randomized trials are needed to confirm our findings, strong consideration should be given to administering neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy to patients who are predetermined to receive systemic treatment.
MDT-BRIDGE: Neoadjuvant Durvalumab Plus Chemotherapy Followed by Either Surgery and Adjuvant Durvalumab or Chemoradiotherapy and Consolidation Durvalumab in Resectable or Borderline-resectable Stage IIB–IIIB NSCLC; Introduction: In the AEGEAN trial, neoadjuvant durvalumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy (D+CT) followed by adjuvant durvalumab, versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) rate and event-free survival (EFS) in patients with resectable NSCLC. In the PACIFIC trial, consolidation durvalumab significantly improved progression-free (PFS) and overall survival (OS) for patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC after chemoradiotherapy. Strong pathological and clinical outcomes with chemoimmunotherapy have generated interest in its use to enable patients with borderline-resectable NSCLC to undergo surgery. Additionally, for patients initially deemed resectable but who later become unresectable/inoperable during neoadjuvant treatment, consolidation immunotherapy after chemoradiotherapy should be explored. Patients and methods: MDT-BRIDGE (NCT05925530) is a multicenter, phase II, non-randomized study in ∼140 patients with EGFR/ALK wild-type, stage IIB–IIIB (N2) NSCLC. Following baseline multidisciplinary team (MDT) assessment to determine resectable/borderline-resectable status, all patients receive 2 cycles of neoadjuvant D+CT every 3 weeks, followed by MDT reassessment of resectability. Patients deemed resectable receive 1-2 additional cycles of D+CT followed by surgery (Cohort 1). Patients deemed unresectable receive standard-of-care chemoradiotherapy (Cohort 2). Cohort 1 patients who become ineligible for surgery can enter Cohort 2. Following surgery or chemoradiotherapy, patients receive adjuvant or consolidation durvalumab for 1 year. The primary endpoint is resection rate in all patients. Additional endpoints include resection rates by baseline resectable/borderline-resectable status, resection outcomes, EFS/PFS, OS, pCR rate, circulating tumor DNA dynamics pre- and post-surgery (including correlation with clinical outcomes), and safety. Conclusion: Enrollment began in February 2024; primary completion is anticipated in April 2026.
Effective induction immunotherapy minimizes surgical invasiveness for locally advanced lung cancer; Background: Immunotherapy has been recommended for neoadjuvant therapy in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, its effect on surgical resection has not yet been examined. This study aimed to examine the effect of induction immunotherapy on surgical resection in terms of the surgical approach, resection extent, and perioperative recovery. Methods: We performed a real-world study comprising consecutive patients with clinical stage IB–IIIB NSCLC who received surgical resection after induction immunotherapy from January 2019 to September 2021. The perioperative outcomes were compared in terms of the surgical approach and resection extent. Results: Among 68 patients, 37 (54.4%) achieved a clinical objective response. Standard resection was performed in 37 patients (54.4%), while extended resection was necessary in the other 31 patients (45.6%). Minimally invasive surgery (MIS) was attempted in 37 cases (54.4%), with only 1 (2.7%) conversion. MIS was significantly more commonly accomplished in patients with a clinical objective response than those without (67.6% vs. 35.5%, P=0.008). Patients with a clinical objective response were more likely to have their tumors removed via MIS and/or standard resection (75.7% vs. 51.6%, P=0.04), while those without a clinical objective response more often required extended resection using an open approach. Patients receiving standard resection or MIS had significantly better perioperative outcomes than those who underwent extended resection or thoracotomy (all P<0.05). Conclusions: The results of this large single-center retrospective cohort indicate that in terms of a better clinical response, effective induction immunotherapy could help reduce the resection extent and/or provide more opportunities to perform MIS, resulting in better recovery.
Modified spatial architecture of regulatory T cells after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer patients; It is crucial to decipher the modulation of regulatory T cells (Tregs) in tumor microenvironment (TME) induced by chemotherapy, which may contribute to improving the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We retrospectively collected specimens from patients with II-III NSCLC, constituting two cohorts: a neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) cohort (N = 141) with biopsy (N = 58) and postoperative specimens (N = 141), and a surgery-only cohort (N = 122) as the control group. Then, the cell density (Dens), infiltration score (InS), and Treg-cell proximity score (TrPS) were conducted using a panel of multiplex fluorescence staining (Foxp3, CD4, CD8, CK, CD31, ɑSMA). Subsequently, the association of Tregs with cancer microvessels (CMVs) and cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) was analyzed. Patients with NAC treatment have a higher density of Tregs in both paired (P < 0.001) and unpaired analysis (P = 0.022). Additionally, patients with NAC treatment showed higher infiltration score (paired, P < 0.001; unpaired, P = 0.014) and more CD8+T cells around Tregs (paired/unpaired, both P < 0.001). Subgroup analysis indicated that tumors with a diameter of ≤ 5 cm exhibited increase in both Dens(Treg) and InS(Treg), and gemcitabine, pemetrexed and taxel enhanced Dens(Treg) and TrPS(CD8) following NAC. Multivariate analysis identified that the Dens(Tregs), InS(Tregs) and TrPS(CD8) were significantly associated with better chemotherapy response [OR = 8.54, 95%CI (1.69, 43.14), P = 0.009; OR = 7.14, 95%CI (1.70, 30.08), P = 0.024; OR = 5.50, 95%CI (1.09, 27.75), P = 0.039, respectively] and positive recurrence-free survival [HR = 3.23, 95%CI (1.47, 7.10), P = 0.004; HR = 2.70; 95%CI (1.27, 5.72); P = 0.010; HR = 2.55, 95%CI (1.21, 5.39), P = 0.014, respectively]. Moreover, TrPS(CD8) and TrPS(CD4) were negatively correlated with the CMVs and CAFs. These discoveries have deepened our comprehension of the immune-modulating impact of chemotherapy and underscored that the modified spatial landscape of Tregs after chemotherapy should be taken into account for personalized immunotherapy, aiming to ultimately improve clinical outcomes in patients with NSCLC.
Updated review of perioperative treatment for non-small-cell lung cancer in the new era of immune checkpoint inhibitors: past, present, and future; The perioperative treatments for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) should control both local and microscopic systemic disease, because the survival of patients with NSCLC who underwent surgical resection alone has been dismal except in stage IA patients. One way to improve surgical outcome is the administration of chemotherapy before or after the surgical procedure. During the last two decades, many clinical studies have focused on developing optimal adjuvant or neoadjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy regimens that can be combined with surgical treatment and/or radiotherapy. Based on the results of those clinical studies, multimodality therapy has been considered to be an appropriate treatment approach for locally advanced NSCLC patients. When nodal involvement is discovered postoperatively, adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy has conferred an overall survival benefit. More recently, neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant use of immunotherapy adding to the cisplatin-based chemotherapy has been revealed to improve survival of the patients with locally advanced NSCLC in many large-scale clinical trials; although, optimal treatment strategies are still evolving.
Peripheral CD8+PD-1+ T cells as novel biomarker for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in humanized mice of non-small cell lung cancer; Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has shown promising clinical activity in the treatment of early non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, further clarification of the specific mechanism and identification of biomarkers are imperative prior to implementing it as a daily practice. The study investigated the reprogramming of T cells in both tumor and peripheral blood following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in a preclinical NSCLC mouse model engrafted with a human immune system. Samples were also collected from 21 NSCLC patients (Stage IA-IIIB) who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, and the dynamics of potential biomarkers within these samples were measured and further subjected to correlation analysis with prognosis. Further, we initially investigated the sources of the potential biomarkers. We observed in the humanized mouse model, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy could prevent postoperative recurrence and metastasis by increasing the frequency and cytotoxicity of CD8+ T cells in both peripheral blood (p < 0.001) and tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) (p < 0.001). The kinetics of peripheral CD8+PD-1+ T cells reflected the changes in the TIME and pathological responses, ultimately predicting survival outcome of mice. In the clinical cohort, patients exhibiting an increase in these T cells post-treatment had a higher rate of complete or major pathological response (p < 0.05) and increased immune infiltration (p = 0.0012, r = 0.792). We identified these T cells originating from tumor draining lymph nodes and subsequently entering the TIME. In conclusion, the kinetics of peripheral CD8+PD-1+ T cells can serve as a predictor for changes in TIME and optimal timing for surgery, ultimately reflecting the outcomes of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in both preclinical and clinical setting.
Checkmate 77T: Perioperative chemoimmunotherapy outperforms in early-stage NSCLC; Approximately 1 in 4 patients with NSCLC present with resectable disease. Although surgery is potentially curative, 30%–50% of patients relapse. Studies have shown that neoadjuvant, adjuvant, and perioperative chemoimmunotherapy improve outcomes. The Checkmate 77T trial explored if perioperative platinum-based chemotherapy plus nivolumab, surgical resection, then adjuvant nivolumab further improved outcomes including EFS.1
Analyzing the impact of the Coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic on initial oncologic presentation and treatment of non–small cell lung cancer in the United States; Background: A significantly lower rate of non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) screening, greater health care avoidance, and changes to oncologic recommendations were some consequences of the Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic affecting the medical environment. We sought to determine how the health care environment during the COVID-19 pandemic affected the oncologic treatment of patients diagnosed with non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study evaluating patients with NSCLC in the National Cancer Database (2019-2020). Patients were divided into prepandemic (2019) and pandemic (2020) cohorts, and patient, oncologic, and treatment variables were compared. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to control for the impact of demographic characteristics on oncologic variables and the impact of oncologic variables on treatment variables. Results: The study population comprised 250,791 patients, including 114,533 patients (45.7%) in the pandemic cohort. There were 15% fewer new NSCLC diagnoses during the pandemic compared with prepandemic. Patients diagnosed during the pandemic had more advanced clinical TNM stage on presentation (P < .0001) and were more likely to have tumors in overlapping lobes or in a main bronchus (P = .0002). They were less likely to receive cancer treatment (P < .0001) and to undergo primary resection (P < .0001) and more likely to receive adjuvant systemic therapy (P = .004) and a combination of palliative treatment regimens (P < .0001). After risk adjustment, all these differences remained statistically significant (P < .05). Conclusions: The COVID-19 pandemic was associated with increased clinical stage at presentation for patients with NSCLC, which impacted subsequent treatment strategies. However, treatment differed minimally when controlling for cancer stage. Future studies will examine the impact of these differences on overall survival and cancer-free survival.
Prognostic model based on B cell marker genes for NSCLC patients under neoadjuvant immunotherapy by integrated analysis of single-cell and bulk RNA-sequencing data; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has evolved as an effective option to treat non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). B cells play essential roles in the immune system as well as cancer progression. However, the repertoire of B cells and its association with clinical outcomes remains unclear in NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Methods: Single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) and bulk RNA sequencing data for LUAD samples were accessed from the TCGA and GEO databases. LUAD-related B cell marker genes were confirmed based on comprehensive analysis of scRNA-seq data. We then constructed the B cell marker gene signature (BCMGS) and validated it. In addition, we evaluated the association of BCGMS with tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) characteristics. Furthermore, we validated the efficacy of BCGMS in a cohort of NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Results: A BCMGS was constructed based on the TCGA cohort and further validated in three independent GSE cohorts. In addition, the BCMGS was proven to be significantly associated with TIME characteristics. Moreover, a relatively higher risk score indicated poor clinical outcomes and a worse immune response among NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Conclusions: We constructed an 18-gene prognostic signature derived from B cell marker genes based on scRNA-seq data, which had the potential to predict the prognosis and immune response of NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy.
Lung resection after initial nonoperative treatment for non–small cell lung cancer; Objectives: The study objectives were to assess the outcomes of lung resection in patients with non–small cell lung cancer previously treated with nonoperative treatment and to identify prognostic factors associated with survival. Methods: Patients who underwent surgery (2010-2022) after initial nonoperative treatment at a single institution were identified from a prospectively maintained database. Exclusion criteria included metachronous cancer, planned neoadjuvant therapy, and surgery for diagnostic or palliative indications. Cox models were constructed for overall survival and event-free survival. Survival of patients with stage IV disease was compared with survival of a nonstudy cohort who did not undergo surgery. Results: In total, 120 patients met the inclusion criteria. Initial clinical stage was early stage in 16%, locoregionally advanced in 25%, and metastatic in 59% of patients. The indication for surgery was recurrence in 18%, local persistent disease in 23%, oligoprogression in 22%, and local control of oligometastatic disease in 38% of patients. Grade 3 or greater complications occurred in 5% of patients; 90-day mortality was 3%. Three-year event-free survival and overall survival were 39% and 73%, respectively. Male sex and lymphovascular invasion were associated with shorter event-free survival and overall survival; younger age and prior radiation therapy were associated with shorter overall survival. Patients with stage IV disease who received salvage lung resection had better overall survival than similar patients who received subsequent systemic therapy and no surgery. Conclusions: In this selected, heterogeneous population, lung resection after initial nonoperative treatment for non–small cell lung cancer was safe. Surgery as local consolidative therapy was associated with encouraging outcomes and should be considered for these patients.
A Multicenter Retrospective Case-Control Study on Simple vs Extended Sleeve Lobectomies; Background: Sleeve resection is currently the gold standard procedure for centrally located non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Extended sleeve lobectomy (ESL) consists of an atypical bronchoplasty with resection of >1 lobe and carries several technical difficulties compared with simple sleeve lobectomy (SSL). Our study compared the outcomes of ESL and SSL for NSCLC. Methods: This multicenter, retrospective, cohort study included 1314 patients who underwent ESL (155 patients) or SSL (1159 patients) between 2000 and 2018. The primary end points were 30-day and 90-day mortality, overall survival (OS), disease-free survival (DFS), and complications. Results: No differences were found between the 2 groups in general characteristics and surgical and survival outcomes. In particular, there were no differences in early and late complication frequency, 30- and 90-day mortality, R status, recurrence, OS (54.26 ± 33.72 months vs 56.42 ± 32.85 months, P = .444), and DFS (46.05 ± 36.14 months vs 47.20 ± 35.78 months, P = .710). Mean tumor size was larger in the ESL group (4.72 ± 2.30 cm vs 3.81 ± 1.78 cm, P < .001). Stage IIIA was the most prevalent stage in ESL group (34.8%), whereas stage IIB was the most prevalent in SSL group (34.3%; P < .001). The multivariate analyses found nodal status was the only independent predictive factor for OS. Conclusions: ESL gives comparable short- and long-term outcomes to SSL. Appropriate preoperative staging and exclusion of metastases to mediastinal lymph nodes, as well as complete (R0) resection, are essential for good long-term outcomes.
Increased opioid consumption in neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for patients with non-small-cell lung cancer: A multicenter, prospective cohort study; Aims: PD-1 block was reported to impair opioid-induced antinociception and affect cognitive function in rodents and non-human primates. This prospective multicenter cohort study aims to investigate the possible impact of neoadjuvant immunotherapy with PD-1 antibody on perioperative analgesic effect of opioids and postoperative delirium (POD) for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Methods: Eighty-four NSCLC patients from three medical centers with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (nCIT) or chemotherapy (nCT) were enrolled. The primary outcome is the total perioperative opioid consumption defined as the sum of intraoperative and postoperative opioid use within 3 days after surgery. Secondary outcomes compromise of incidence of POD, pain intensity, and number of analgesic pump press. Tumor prognostic parameters and perioperative change of inflammatory cytokines and soluble PD-L1 level were also recorded. Results: Eighty-one patients were included in the final analysis. The total opioid consumption (sufentanil equivalent) perioperatively in the nCIT group was significantly higher than that in the nCT group, with mean difference of 60.39 μg, 95% CI (25.58–95.19), p < 0.001. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that nCIT was correlated with increased total opioid consumption (β = 0.305; 95% CI, 0.152–0.459; p < 0.001). The incidence of moderate-to-severe pain and cumulative analgesic pump press within 72 h was significantly higher in subjects with nCIT. There is no statistical difference in incidence of POD between groups within 72 h after surgery. The pathologic complete response rate and perioperative serum IL-6 level were higher in the nCIT group than in the nCT group. Conclusion: Patients with NSCLC receiving nCIT warrant increased opioid consumption perioperatively and suffered from more postoperative pain. Clinical Trial Registration: NCT05273827.
Preliminary experience of surgery after neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy for stage-IIIB nonsmall cell lung cancer; Background: Previously, stage-IIIB non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been considered inoperable. In recent years, neoadjuvant immunotherapy has shown encouraging efficacy in the treatment of advanced stage NSCLC in several trials. However, the effectiveness and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in treating stage-IIIB NSCLC are still unknown. Therefore, we conducted this retrospective study to examine the outcomes of surgery after neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy for stage-IIIB NSCLC. Methods: Thirty patients with stage-IIIB NSCLC who were treated at the Department of Thoracic Surgery of Renji Hospital from January 2019 to September 2021 were analyzed retrospectively. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy was administered prior to surgery. The curative effect was evaluated by imaging and pathological examinations. Results: The objective response rate (ORR) and disease control rate (DCR) of the patients after neoadjuvant therapy evaluated by imaging studies were 70% and 86.7%, respectively. Of the 30 patients, 19 (63%) underwent surgical resection, in which all achieved a complete R0 resection. The median operative time was 168 minutes (range, 75–295 minutes), and the average intraoperative blood loss was 215.3±258.4 mL. The median postoperative hospital stay was 8 days (range, 4–59 days). The major pathological response (MPR) rate was 73.7% (14/19), and the pathological complete response rate was 47.4% (9/19); 2/30 patients (6.7%) had postoperative complications, including two who developed bronchopleural fistulas and one mortality, from a postoperative pulmonary infection. The treatment-related adverse reactions were mainly grades 1–2. Only two patients had grade 3 anemia, and no grade 4 adverse reactions were observed. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemotherapy combined with surgery in patients with stage-IIIB NSCLC is safe and feasible. The patient outcomes and optimal number of neoadjuvant treatment cycles need to be explored and studied further.
Neoadjuvant sintilimab plus chemotherapy in EGFR-mutant NSCLC: Phase 2 trial interim results (NEOTIDE/CTONG2104); The clinical efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy remains elusive in localized epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here, we report interim results of a Simon's two-stage design, phase 2 trial using neoadjuvant sintilimab with carboplatin and nab-paclitaxel in resectable EGFR-mutant NSCLC. All 18 patients undergo radical surgery, with one patient experiencing surgery delay. Fourteen patients exhibit confirmed radiological response, with 44% achieving major pathological response (MPR) and no pathological complete response (pCR). Similar genomic alterations are observed before and after treatment without influencing the efficacy of subsequent EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) in vitro. Infiltration and T cell receptor (TCR) clonal expansion of CCR8+ regulatory T (Treg)hi/CXCL13+ exhausted T (Tex)lo cells define a subtype of EGFR-mutant NSCLC highly resistant to immunotherapy, with the phenotype potentially serving as a promising signature to predict immunotherapy efficacy. Informed circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) detection in EGFR-mutant NSCLC could help identify patients nonresponsive to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy. These findings provide supportive data for the utilization of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and insight into immune resistance in EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
[18F]FDG PET-CT radiomics signature to predict pathological complete response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a multicenter study; Objectives: This study aims to develop and validate a radiomics model based on 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography–computed tomography ([18F]FDG PET-CT) images to predict pathological complete response (pCR) to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Materials and methods: One hundred eighty-five patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for NSCLC at 5 centers from January 2019 to December 2022 were included and divided into a training cohort and a validation cohort. Radiomics models were constructed via the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) method. The performances of models were evaluated by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC). In addition, genetic analyses were conducted to reveal the underlying biological basis of the radiomics score. Results: After the LASSO process, 9 PET-CT radiomics features were selected for pCR prediction. In the validation cohort, the ability of PET-CT radiomics model to predict pCR was shown to have an AUC of 0.818 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.711, 0.925), which was better than the PET radiomics model (0.728 [95% CI, 0.610, 0.846]), CT radiomics model (0.732 [95% CI, 0.607, 0.857]), and maximum standard uptake value (0.603 [95% CI, 0.473, 0.733]) (p < 0.05). Moreover, a high radiomics score was related to the upregulation of pathways suppressing tumor proliferation and the infiltration of antitumor immune cell. Conclusion: The proposed PET-CT radiomics model was capable of predicting pCR to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC patients. Clinical relevance statement: This study indicated that the generated 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography–computed tomography radiomics model could predict pathological complete response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, implying the potential of our radiomics model to personalize the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in lung cancer patients. Key Points: • Recognizing patients potentially benefiting neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is critical for individualized therapy of lung cancer. • [18F]FDG PET-CT radiomics could predict pathological complete response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer. • [18F]FDG PET-CT radiomics model could personalize neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in lung cancer patients.
Chemoradiotherapy versus surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in patients with stage III NSCLC: a real-world multicenter retrospective study; Purpose: The optimal treatment after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is unclear. This study aimed at comparing the efficacy and safety of chemoradiotherapy and surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in stage III NSCLC. Materials and methods: We conducted a real-world multicenter retrospective study on patients with stage III NSCLC who received surgery or chemoradiotherapy after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy between October 2018 and December 2022. Progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were assessed from the initiation of neoadjuvant treatment and estimated by the Kaplan‒Meier method. Univariate and multivariate Cox regression models were used to examine potential prognostic factors. One-to-one propensity score matching (PSM) was used to further minimize confounding. Results: A total of 239 eligible patients were enrolled, with 104 (43.5%) receiving surgery and 135 (56.5%) receiving CRT. After 1:1 PSM, 1- and 2-year PFS rates in patients receiving radical surgery (rSurgery group) vs. patients receiving definitive cCRT (dCCRT group) were 80.0% vs. 79.2% and 67.2% vs. 53.1%, respectively (P = 0.774). One- and 2-year OS rates were 97.5% vs. 97.4% and 87.3% vs. 89.9%, respectively (P = 0.558). Patients in the dCCRT group had a numerically lower incidence of distant metastases compared to those in the rSurgery group (42.9% vs. 70.6%, P = 0.119). The incidence of treatment-related adverse events was similar in both groups, except that the incidence of grade 3/4 hematological toxicity was significantly higher in the dCCRT group (30.0% vs. 10.0%, P = 0.025). Conclusion: Following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, definitive concurrent chemoradiotherapy may achieve noninferior outcomes to radical surgery in stage III NSCLC.
The Emerging Role of Immunotherapy in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Despite surgical resection, long-term survival of patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains poor. Adjuvant chemotherapy, the standard of care for locally advanced NSCLC, provides a marginal 5.4% benefit in survival. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have shown a significant survival benefit in some patients with advanced NSCLC and are being evaluated for perioperative use in resectable NSCLC. Methods: We conducted a literature search using the PubMed online database to identify clinical trials of immunotherapy in resectable NSCLC and studies analyzing biomarkers and immune priming strategies. Results: Building on previous phase I and II trials, randomized phase III trials have shown efficacy of neoadjuvant nivolumab, perioperative pembrolizumab, adjuvant atezolizumab, and adjuvant pembrolizumab in the treatment of NSCLC with improvement of event-free/disease-free survival of 24% to 42%, leading to United States Food and Drug Administration approval of these drugs in the treatment of resectable NSCLC. Three additional phase III trials have also recently reported the use of immunotherapy both before and after surgery, with pathologic complete response rates of 17% to 25%, significantly better than chemotherapy alone. Perioperative ICI therapy has comparable perioperative morbidity to chemotherapy alone and does not impair surgical outcomes. Conclusions: Perioperative immunotherapy, in combination with chemotherapy, is safe and improves outcomes in patients with resectable NSCLC. Questions regarding patient selection, the need for adjuvant ICI therapy after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, and the duration of perioperative immunotherapy remain to be answered by future trials.
Evaluation of Major Pathologic Response and Pathologic Complete Response as Surrogate End Points for Survival in Randomized Controlled Trials of Neoadjuvant Immune Checkpoint Blockade in Resectable in NSCLC; Introduction: Controversy remains as to whether pathologic complete response (pCR) and major pathologic response (MPR) represent surrogate end points for event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) in neoadjuvant trials for resectable NSCLC. Methods: A search of PubMed and archives of international conference abstracts was performed from June 2017 through October 31, 2023. Studies incorporating a neoadjuvant arm with immune checkpoint blockade alone or in combination with chemotherapy were included. Those not providing information regarding pCR, MPR, EFS, or OS were excluded. For trial-level surrogacy, log ORs for pCR and MPR and log hazard ratios for EFS and OS were analyzed using a linear regression model weighted by sample size. The regression coefficient and R2 with 95% confidence interval were calculated by the bootstrapping approach. Results: Seven randomized clinical trials were identified for a total of 2385 patients. At the patient level, the R2 of pCR and MPR with 2-year EFS were 0.82 (0.66–0.94) and 0.81 (0.63–0.93), respectively. The OR of 2-year EFS rates by response status was 0.12 (0.07–0.19) and 0.11 (0.05–0.22), respectively. For the 2-year OS, the R2 of pCR and MPR were 0.55 (0.09–0.98) and 0.52 (0.10–0.96), respectively. At the trial level, the R2 for the association of OR for response and HR for EFS was 0.58 (0.00–0.97) and 0.61 (0.00–0.97), respectively. Conclusions: Our analyses reveal a robust correlation between pCR and MPR with 2-year EFS but not OS. Trial-level surrogacy was moderate but imprecise. More mature follow-up and data to assess the impact of study crossover are needed.
Real-World Neoadjuvant Treatment Patterns and Outcomes in Resected Non–Small-Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Novel neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treatments are being investigated for locally advanced non–small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but real-world outcomes for neoadjuvant treatments are poorly understood. This study examined neoadjuvant treatment patterns, real-world event-free survival (rwEFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with resected, stage II-III NSCLC in the United States (US). Methods: This retrospective study identified patients in the SEER–Medicare database (2007-2019) with newly diagnosed stage II, IIIA, and IIIB (N2) NSCLC (AJCC 8th edition) treated with neoadjuvant chemo/chemoradiotherapy and resection (index date: neoadjuvant therapy initiation). Neoadjuvant treatment regimens were described. rwEFS (time from index to first recurrence or death, whichever occurred first) and OS (time from index to death) were summarized by Kaplan–Meier analysis for overall population, by disease stage at diagnosis, and by neoadjuvant treatment modality. Results: 221 patients (stage II, N=70; stage III, N=151) met eligibility criteria. The median follow-up from index was 32.7 months. All patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy (51%) or chemoradiotherapy (49%) prior to surgery; 97% of patients received platinum-based regimens, among which carboplatin+paclitaxel was the most frequent (45%). In all patients, median rwEFS was 17.6 months and 5-year rwEFS was 20.9%; median OS was 48.5 months and 5-year OS was 44.9%. 71% of patients had disease recurrence during follow-up; among them, 28% developed locoregional recurrence as the first recurrence event. Conclusions: Patients with resected, stage II-III NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemo/chemoradiotherapy have high rates of disease recurrence and poor survival outcomes, highlighting need for more effective treatments to improve survival rates.
Neoadjuvant low-dose radiotherapy plus durvalumab and chemotherapy for potentially resectable stage III NSCLC: A phase Ib dose-escalation study; Background and purpose: This phase Ib study was designed to assess the safety/tolerability and preliminary antitumor activity of neoadjuvant low-dose radiotherapy (LDRT) plus durvalumab and chemotherapy for potentially resectable stage III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Materials and Methods: Eligible patients received dose-escalated radiotherapy (10 Gy in 5 fractions [cohort 1], 20 Gy in 10 fractions [cohort 2], and 30 Gy in 15 fractions [cohort 3]) according to a 3 + 3 design, with concurrent durvalumab plus standard chemotherapy for two cycles. Primary objective was safety/tolerability. Secondary objectives included major pathological response (MPR), pathological complete response (pCR), event-free survival (EFS), and exploratory biomarker analysis. Results: Nine patients were enrolled and completed the planned neoadjuvant therapy. No dose-limiting toxicity was recorded. Grade 3–4 treatment-related adverse events were observed in three (33.3 %) patients. Seven (77.8 %) patients successfully converted to resectable cases with R0 resection. No treatment-related surgical delay or death was reported. The MPR and pCR rates were both 33.3 % % (1/3) for cohort 1, 66.7 % (2/3) and 0.0 % for cohort 2, and 100.0 % (3/3), and 66.7 % (2/3) for cohort 3. At data cutoff, the 12 month-EFS rates were 33.3 %, 66.7 %, and 100 % for three cohorts, respectively. By biomarker analysis, TMB values were higher in either pathologically or radiologically responders than in others (all p > 0.05). Conclusion: Neoadjuvant LDRT plus durvalumab and chemotherapy was well-tolerated in potentially resectable stage III NSCLC. The preliminary efficacy supports this combined regimen's potential, the optimal radiotherapy dosage was determined to be 30 Gy in 15 fractions, warranting further clinical investigation.
Video-Assisted Thoracoscopic Surgery Versus Thoracotomy Following Neoadjuvant Immunochemotherapy in Resectable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Among Chinese Populations: A Multi-Center Retrospective Cohort Study; Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors have revolutionized non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treatment but may pose greater technical challenges for surgery. This study aims to assess the feasibility and oncological effectiveness of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) for resectable stage III NSCLC after neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy. Methods: Initial stage IIIA-IIIB NSCLC patients with neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy undergoing either VATS or open lobectomy at 6 medical centers during 2019-2023 were retrospectively identified. Perioperative outcomes and 2-year survival was analyzed. Propensity-score matching (PSM) was employed to balance patient baseline characteristics. Results: Among the total 143 patients, PSM yielded 62 cases each for VATS and OPEN groups. Induction-related adverse events were comparable between the 2 groups. VATS showed a 14.5% conversion rate. Notably, VATS decreased numeric rating scales for postoperative pain, shortened chest tube duration (5[4-7] vs. 6[5-8] days, P = .021), reduced postoperative comorbidities (21.0% vs. 37.1%, P = .048), and dissected less N1 lymph nodes (5[4-6] vs. 7[5-9], P = .005) compared with thoracotomy. Even when converted, VATS achieves perioperative outcomes equivalent to thoracotomy. Additionally, over a median follow-up of 29.5 months, VATS and thoracotomy demonstrated comparable 2-year recurrence-free survival (77.20% vs. 73.73%, P = .640), overall survival (87.22% vs. 88.00%, P = .738), cumulative incidences of cancer-related death, and recurrence patterns. Subsequent subgroup comparisons and multivariate Cox analysis likewise revealed no statistical difference between VATS and thoracotomy. Conclusion: VATS is a viable and effective option for resectable stage III NSCLC patients following neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy, leading to decreased surgical-related pain, earlier chest tube removal, reduced postoperative complications, and similar survival outcomes compared to thoracotomy.
The single cell immunogenomic landscape after neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined chemotherapy in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; Neoadjuvant immunotherapy represents promising strategy in the treatment of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). However, the mechanisms underlying its impact on treatment sensitivity or resistance remain a subject of controversy. In this study, we conducted single-cell RNA and T/B cell receptor (scTCR/scBCR) sequencing of CD45+ immune cells on samples from 10 patients who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemotherapy. We also validated our findings using multiplexed immunofluorescence and analyzed bulk RNA-seq from other cohorts in public database. By integrating analysis of 87357 CD45+ cells, we found GZMK + effector memory T cells (Tem) were relatively enriched and CXCL13+ exhausted T cells (Tex) and regulator T cells (Treg) decreased among responders, indicating a persistent anti-tumor memory process. Additionally, the enhanced presence of BCR expansion and somatic hypermutation process within TNFRSF13B + memory B cells (Bmem) suggested their roles in antigen presentation. This was further corroborated by the evidence of the T-B co-stimulation pattern and CXCL13-CXCR5 axis. The complexity of myeloid cell heterogeneity was also particularly pronounced. The elevated expression of S100A7 in ESCC, as detected by bulk RNA-seq, was associated with an exhausted and immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment. In summary, this study has unveiled a potential regulatory network among immune cells and the clonal dynamics of their functions, and the mechanisms of exhaustion and memory conversion between GZMK + Tem and TNFRSF13B + Bmem from antigen presentation and co-stimulation perspectives during neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade treatment in ESCC.
“Percentage” and “size” of residual viable tumor in lymph node, the performance in estimating pathologic response of lymph node in non-small cell lung cancer treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; There is no universally accepted method for evaluating lymph node metastasis (LNM) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Different protocols recommend evaluating the percentage of residual viable tumor (RVT%) and metastatic tumor size (MTS). Our aim was to determine the prognostic significance of RVT% and MTS, and identify the more effective parameter for pathological evaluating LNM. Two independent cohorts were collected (derivation, n = 84; external validation, n = 42). All patients exhibited metastatic cancer or treatment response in lymph nodes post-surgery. In the derivation cohort, we assessed the mean and largest values of MTS and RVT% in LNM, estimating their optimal cutoffs for event-free survival (EFS) using maximally selected rank statistics. Validation was subsequently conducted in the external validation cohort. The quality of prognostic factors was evaluated using the Area Under Curve (AUC). A positive association was identified between RVT% and MTS, but an absolute association could not be conclusively established. In the derivation cohort, neither the largest MTS (cutoff = 6 mm, p = 0.28), largest RVT% (cutoff = 75%, p = 0.23), nor mean RVT% (cutoff = 55%, p = 0.06) were associated with EFS. However, mean MTS (cutoff = 4.5 mm) in lymph nodes was statistically associated with EFS (p = 0.018), validated by the external cohort (p = 0.017). The prognostic value of MTS exceeded that of ypN staging in both cohorts, as evidenced by higher AUC values. The mean value of MTS can effectively serve as a parameter for the pathological evaluation of lymph nodes, with a threshold of 4.5 mm, closely linked to EFS. Its prognostic value outperforms that of ypN staging.
Changes In Serum CXCL13 Levels Are Associated With Outcomes of Colorectal Cancer Patients Undergoing First-Line Oxaliplatin-Based Treatment; Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) currently lacks reliable biomarkers for precision medicine, particularly for chemotherapy-based treatments. This study examines the behavior of 11 CXC chemokines in the blood of 104 mCRC patients undergoing first-line oxaliplatin-based treatment to pinpoint predictive and prognostic markers. Serum samples were collected before treatment, at response evaluation (EVAR), and at disease progression or last follow-up. Chemokines were assessed in all samples using a Luminex® custom panel. CXCL13 levels increased at EVAR in responders, while in non-responders it decreased. Increasing levels of CXCL13 at EVAR, independently correlated with improved progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Nanostring® analysis in primary tumor samples showed CXCL13 gene expression's positive correlation not only with gene profiles related to an immunogenic tumor microenvironment, increased B cells and T cells (mainly CD8+) but also with extended OS. In silico analysis using RNAseq data from liver metastases treated or not with neoadjuvant oxaliplatin-based combinations, and deconvolution analysis using the MCP-counter algorithm, confirmed CXCL13 gene expression's association with increased immune infiltration, improved OS, and Tertiary Lymphoid Structures (TLSs) gene signatures, especially in neoadjuvant-treated patients. CXCL13 analysis in serum from 36 oxaliplatin-treated patients from the METIMMOX study control arm, reported similar findings. In conclusion, the increase of CXCL13 levels in peripheral blood and its association with the formation of TLSs within the metastatic lesions, emerges as a potential biomarker indicative of the therapeutic efficacy in mCRC patients undergoing oxaliplatin-based treatment
PP01.70 Next Generation of Bronchoscopy for Diagnostic Evaluation of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Recent advancements in treatment modalities and subsequent improvement in mortality for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have been afforded by targeted immunotherapy.1–4 Identification of therapeutic targets have been made possible by immunohistochemistry and more recently, genomic analysis through next generation sequencing (NGS). It is known that endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) to mediastinal lymph nodes can be a good source of tissue for NGS. However, data is sparse in evaluating peripheral nodule biopsy for NGS. We aimed to evaluate our adequacy for NGS via robotic-assisted bronchoscopy (RB), a newer diagnostic platform, to guide treatment management. Methods: In this single-center, prospective, and observational study, medical records of patients undergoing diagnostic RB for peripheral pulmonary nodule (PPN) evaluation at UIH between January 2022 and January 2023 were reviewed for analysis. Inclusion criteria included patients ages 18 or older deemed appropriate for elective RB who were ultimately diagnosed with NSCLC on peripheral lung biopsy. We subsequently evaluated those patients for adequate tumor cellularity for NGS and if so, presence of actional mutation(s). Results: Of 56 nodules that were targeted, 73.2% of the procedures were diagnostic and 82.4% of the malignant diagnoses were NSCLC. 88% of the NSCLC cases on which NGS was requested were sufficient for testing, of which 59.1% had actionable mutation(s) detected. Further, 80.5% of patients required only one procedure for diagnosis and staging, promoting a quicker transition to treatment. Conclusions: In the era of targeted immunotherapy for stage III or IV lung cancer, as well as its rising role as part of neoadjuvant therapy for early-stage lung NSCLC, an important consideration for a diagnostic procedure includes whether the results were able to guide management through evaluation of NGS for targetable mutations. In this cohort, 88% of the applicable cases were sufficient for NGS analysis, and in our broader cohort, one procedure (combined RB and EBUS under one anesthesia event) was sufficient for full staging in 80.5% of patients. While further studies are needed, the potential ability of RB to assist with navigation to PPN without compromise of diagnostic yield, perform staging, and obtain sufficient tissue to guide targeted therapy as a single procedure makes it an attractive diagnostic modality. 1. Forde PM et al. N Engl J Med. 2022;386(21):1973-1985. 2. Chaft JE et al. Nat Med. 2022;28(10):2155-2161. 3. Wislez M et al. J Immunother Cancer. 2022;10(10):e005636. 4. Cascone T et al. Nat Med. 2021;27(3):504-514.
OA01.07 Real-World Patient Characteristics, Biomarker Testing, and Adjuvant Therapy for Resected NSCLC at U.S. Oncology Clinics, 2019-2023; Background: The standard of care for resectable, early-stage NSCLC includes biomarker testing for EGFR genomic alterations and PD-L1 expression following the recent FDA approvals of adjuvant osimertinib (2020) and adjuvant immunotherapies (atezolizumab, 2021; pembrolizumab, 2022). Our aim was to describe management of resected NSCLC before and concurrent with evolving recommendations for biomarker testing and adjuvant therapy. Methods: Using the nationwide Flatiron Health deidentified, longitudinal EHR-derived database, we selected patients with stage II-IIIB(N2) NSCLC diagnosed beginning 1-Jan-2019, who received no neoadjuvant therapy and had tumor resection by 31-Jan-2023, with data cutoff on 31-July-2023. Results: Of 1050 eligible patients (57%/40% stage II/III, 3% unknown), 51% were women. Median age was 70 years (range 29-85); 88% had smoking history; 91% with known performance status had ECOG 0-1 (808/885); 71% of tumors were nonsquamous. Tumors tested for PD-L1 rose from 40% (2019) to 75% (2022); EGFR testing rose from 34% to 68%. Overall, PD-L1 and EGFR testing were conducted a median of 32 (range 0-227) and 40 (range, 0-228) days after NSCLC diagnosis, respectively. Lobectomy was the most common surgery (Table). A slight upward trend in use of adjuvant therapy was observed (from 62% to 70%, 2019 to 2022). Overall, 624 of 960 patients with complete resection received adjuvant therapy (65%); the majority (91%) received platinum-based chemotherapy. Among 170/624 patients (27%) who then received subsequent adjuvant treatment, over one-half (64%) received PD-(L)1-inhibitor-based regimens (Table). Conclusions: We observed increasing rates of PD-L1 and EGFR testing from 2019 to 2022 among patients with resected NSCLC; however, approximately one-quarter were still not tested in 2022. Only approximately two-thirds of patients received adjuvant therapy following complete resection. Platinum chemotherapy remained the most common initial adjuvant therapy, while PD-(L)1 inhibitor-based regimens were most common as subsequent therapy. [Formula presented]
PP01.101 Estimated Cost of Adverse Events and Surgery for Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients Receiving Neoadjuvant Nivolumab Plus Platinum-Doublet Chemotherapy; Background: In March 2022, based on outcomes from the CheckMate-816 trial, the FDA approved nivolumab in combination with platinum doublet chemotherapy (PDC) for the neoadjuvant treatment of adult patients with resectable (tumors ≥4 cm or node positive) non-small cell lung cancer (rNSCLC). The purpose of this research is to estimate the cost of adverse events (AE), surgery, and medical resource use (MRU) over the first year of treatment in patients receiving neoadjuvant nivolumab plus PDC (N+PDC) versus neoadjuvant PDC (neoPDC) for rNSCLC from a US commercial payer perspective. Methods: The frequency of AE, surgery, and MRU were combined with unit costs from US published databases to estimate the cost per average patient treated with N+PDC versus neoPDC. Data on AE (all grades and those related to surgical complications), surgery type and approach, and treatment patterns were sourced from CheckMate-816. Due to a lack of published MRU data specific to the neoadjuvant setting in the US, MRU was sourced from retrospective observational studies of US patients with complete resection of early-stage NSCLC. Surgery costs were derived from longitudinal studies that assessed the cost of surgical resection for lung cancer in the US. Results: The estimated cost of AE, surgery, and MRU in the first year of treatment was estimated to be 5.7% lower per patient receiving N+PDC compared to neoPDC ($49,361 vs. $52,176), primarily driven by lower costs associated with neoadjuvant AE ($5,380 vs. $7,223), adjuvant AE ($220 vs. $2,309), and surgical complications ($381 vs. $1,584). Patients receiving N+PDC were estimated to incur fewer adjuvant AE costs due to reduced use of adjuvant therapy (14.5% vs. 24.6%) and a less costly mix of adjuvant AE. The estimated cost of surgery per average patient receiving N+PDC was slightly higher than neoPDC ($32,956 vs. $30,785) as more patients undergo definitive surgery (83.2% vs. 75.4%). The estimated cost of surgery for patients receiving surgery was slightly lower for patients receiving N+PDC compared to neoPDC ($39,610 vs. $40,828) driven by greater eligibility for minimally invasive (29.5% vs. 21.5%) and less costly surgeries such as lobectomy (77.2% vs. 60.7%) versus pneumonectomy (16.8% vs. 25.5%). Estimated MRU costs were slightly higher for patients receiving N+PDC ($5,929 vs. $5,065) due to pre-medications prescribed for the prevention of immune-mediated AE. Conclusions: Patients receiving N+PDC incurred lower estimated costs from AE, surgery, and other MRU from the US commercial payer perspective over the first year of treatment compared to neoPDC.
Induction chemoimmunotherapy with surgery versus concurrent chemoradiation followed by immunotherapy for stage III-N2 non–small cell lung cancer; Objective: Despite the growing relevance of immunotherapy for non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), there is limited consensus on the optimal treatment strategy for locally advanced NSCLC. This study evaluated the overall survival of patients with stage III-N2 NSCLC undergoing induction chemoimmunotherapy with surgery (CT/IO+Surgery) and definitive concurrent chemoradiation followed by immunotherapy (cCRT+IO). Methods: Patients with cT1-3, N2, M0 NSCLC in the National Cancer Database (2013 to 2019) were included and stratified by treatment regimen: CT/IO+Surgery or cCRT+IO. Overall survival was evaluated using Kaplan-Meier analysis, Cox proportional hazards modeling, and propensity score matching on 10 prognostic variables. Results: Of the 3382 patients who met the study eligibility criteria, 3289 (97.3%) received cCRT+IO and 93 (2.8%) received CT/IO+Surgery. The 3-year overall survival of the entire cohort was 58.2% (95% CI, 56.2% to 60.1%). Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional hazards modeling demonstrated better survival after CT/IO+Surgery than after cCRT+IO (hazard ratio [HR], 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.32 to 0.84; P = .007). In a 3:1 variable ratio propensity score-matched analysis of 223 patients who received cCRT+IO and 76 patients who received CT/IO+Surgery, 3-year overall survival was 63.2% (95% CI, 55.9% to 70.2%) after cCRT+IO and 77.2% (95% CI, 64.6% to 85.7%) after CT/IO+Surgery (P = .029). Conclusions: In this national analysis, multimodal treatment including immunotherapy was associated with a 3-year overall survival rate of 58.2% for all patients with stage III-N2 NSCLC and 77.2% for patients who underwent chemoimmunotherapy followed by surgery. These results should be considered hypothesis-generating and demonstrate the importance of developing a randomized trial to evaluate the role of surgery versus chemoradiation for locally advanced NSCLC in the modern immunotherapy era.
T-cell subsets and cytokines are indicative of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy responses in NSCLC; Purpose: Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade combined with chemotherapy is a promising treatment for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), yet the immunological mechanisms contributing to tumor regression and biomarkers corresponding to different pathological responses remain unclear. Methods: Using dynamic and paired blood samples from NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, we analyzed the frequencies of CD8 + T-cell and Treg subsets and their dynamic changes during neoadjuvant treatment through flow cytometry. Cytokine profiles and function-related gene expression of CD8 + T cells and Tregs were analyzed through flow cytometry and mRNA-seq. Infiltrating T-cell subsets in resected tissues from patients with different pathological responses were analyzed through multiplex immunofluorescence. Results: Forty-two NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were enrolled and then underwent surgical resection and pathological evaluation. Nineteen patients had pCR (45%), 7 patients had MPR (17%), and 16 patients had non-MPR (38%). In patients with pCR, the frequencies of CD137 + CD8 + T cells (P = 0.0475), PD-1 + Ki-67 + CD8 + T cells (P = 0.0261) and Tregs (P = 0.0317) were significantly different from those of non-pCR patients before treatment. pCR patients usually had low frequencies of CD137 + CD8 + T cells, PD-1 + Ki-67 + CD8 + T cells and Tregs, and their AUCs were higher than that of tissue PD-L1 expression. Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy markedly improved CD8 + T-cell proliferation and activation, especially in pCR patients, as the frequencies of CD137 + CD8 + (P = 0.0136) and Ki-67 + CD8 + (P = 0.0391) T cells were significantly increased. The blood levels of cytokines such as IL-2 (P = 0.0391) and CXCL10 (P = 0.0195) were also significantly increased in the pCR group, which is consistent with the high density of activated cytotoxic T cells at the tumor site (P < 0.0001). Conclusion: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy drives CD8 + T cells toward a proliferative and active profile. The frequencies of CD137 + CD8 + T cells, PD-1 + Ki-67 + CD8 + T cells and Tregs at baseline might predict the response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC patients. The increase in IL-2 and CXCL10 might reflect the chemotaxis and enrichment of cytotoxic T cells at the tumor site and a better response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy.
Insights into the heterogeneity of the tumor microenvironment in lung adenocarcinoma and squamous carcinoma through single-cell transcriptomic analysis: Implications for distinct immunotherapy outcomes; Background: Immune checkpoint blockade has emerged as a key strategy to the therapy landscape of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, notable differences in immunotherapeutic outcomes exist between the two primary NSCLC subtypes: lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) and lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC). This disparity may stem from the tumor immune microenvironment's heterogeneity at the transcriptome level. Methods: By integrative analysis of transcriptomic characterization of 38 NSCLC patients by single-cell RNA sequencing, the present study revealed a distinct tumor microenvironment (TME) between LUAD and LUSC, with relevant results further confirmed in bulk transcriptomic and multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF) validation cohort of neoadjuvant immunotherapy patients. Results: LUAD exhibited a more active immune microenvironment compared to LUSC. This included highly expression of HLA I/II in cancer cells, reinforced antigen presentation potential of dendritic cells and enhanced cytotoxic activity observed in T/NK cells. In LUSC, cancer cells highly expressed genes belonging to the aldo-keto reductases, glutathione S-transferases and aldehyde dehydrogenase family, negatively correlating with immunotherapy outcomes in the validation cohort of our center. Further analysis revealed elevated infiltrated cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) in LUSC, which was corroborated in The Cancer Genome Atlas cohort. Corresponding increased infiltration of ADH1B+ CAFs in major pathologic response (MPR) patients and the higher presence of FAP+ CAFs in non-MPR patients were demonstrated by multiplex mIF. Moreover, upregulating immunosuppressive extracellular matrix remodeling was identified in LUSC. Conclusions: These comprehensive analyses advance the understanding of the differences in TME between LUAD and LUSC, offering insights for patient selection and developing subtype-specific treatment strategies.
Obesity enhances the response to neoadjuvant anti-PD1 therapy in oral tongue squamous cell carcinoma; Objectives: Previous studies have demonstrated that obesity may impact the efficacy of anti-PD1 therapy, but the underlying mechanism remains unclear. In this study, our objective was to determine the prognostic value of obesity in patients with oral tongue squamous cell carcinoma (OTSCC) treated with pembrolizumab and establish a subtype based on fatty acid metabolism-related genes (FAMRGs) for immunotherapy. Materials and Methods: We enrolled a total of 56 patients with OTSCC who underwent neoadjuvant anti-PD1 therapy. Univariate and multivariate Cox regression analyses, Kaplan–Meier survival analysis, and immunohistochemistry staining were performed. Additionally, we acquired the gene expression profiles of pan-cancer samples and conducted GSEA and KEGG pathway analysis. Moreover, data from TCGA, MSigDB, UALCAN, GEPIA and TIMER were utilized to construct the FAMRGs subtype. Results: Our findings indicate that high Body Mass Index (BMI) was significantly associated with improved PFS (HR = 0.015; 95% CI, 0.001 to 0.477; p = 0.015), potentially attributed to increased infiltration of PD1 + T cells. A total of 91 differentially expressed FAMRGs were identified between the response and non-response groups in pan-cancer patients treated with immunotherapy. Of these, 6 hub FAMRGs (ACSL5, PLA2G2D, PROCA1, IL4I1, UBE2L6 and PSME1) were found to affect PD-1 expression and T cell infiltration in HNSCC, which may impact the efficacy of anti-PD1 therapy. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that obesity serves as a robust prognostic predictor for patients with OTSCC undergoing neoadjuvant anti-PD1 therapy. Furthermore, the expression of 6 hub FAMRGs (ACSL5, PLA2G2D, PROCA1, IL4I1, UBE2L6 and PSME1) plays a pivotal role in the context of anti-PD1 therapy and deserves further investigation.
A combined model using pre-treatment CT radiomics and clinicopathological features of non-small cell lung cancer to predict major pathological responses after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Objective: To investigate the relationship between clinical pathological characteristics, pretreatment CT radiomics, and major pathologic response (MPR) of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, and to establish a combined model to predict the major pathologic response of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Methods: A retrospective study of 211 patients with NSCLC who underwent neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and surgical treatment from January 2019 to April 2021 was conducted. The patients were divided into two groups: the MPR group and the non-MPR group. Pre-treatment CT images were segmented using ITK SNAP software to extract radiomics features using Python software. Then a radiomics model, a clinical model, and a combined model were constructed and validated using a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Finally, Delong's test was used to compare the three models. Results: The radiomics model achieved an AUC of 0.70 (95 % CI: 0.62-0.78) in the training group and 0.60 (95 % CI: 0.45-0.76) in the validation group. RECIST assessment results were screened from all clinical characteristics as independent factors for MPR with multivariate logistic regression analysis. The AUC of the clinical model for predicting MPR was 0.66 (95 % CI: 0.59-0.73) in the training group and 0.77 (95 % CI: 0.66-0.87) in the validation group. The combined model with combined radiomics and clinicopathological characteristics achieved an AUC was 0.76 (95 % CI: 0.68-0.84) in the training group, and 0.80 (95 % CI: 0.67-0.92) in the validation group. Delong's test showed that the AUC of the combined model was significantly higher than that of the radiomics model alone in both the training group (P = 0.0067) and the validation group (P = 0.0009).The calibration curve showed good agreement between predicted and actual MPR. Clinical decision curve analysis showed that the combined model was superior to radiomics alone. Conclusions: Radiomics model can predict MPR in NSCLC after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy with similar accuracy to RECIST assessment criteria. The combined model based on pretreatment CT radiomics and clinicopathological features showed better predictive power than independent radiomics model or independent clinicopathological features, suggesting that it may be more useful for guiding personalized neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treatment strategies.
HSD73 Neoadjuvant & Adjuvant Therapy for Early-Stage/Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Physician Practices, Therapy Choice, and Challenges Among US Oncologists; Objectives: The continually evolving neoadjuvant/adjuvant treatment landscape for early-stage/resectable NSCLC currently includes PD-1/PDL-1-targeting immunotherapy (pembrolizumab, nivolumab, atezolizumab), the tyrosine kinase inhibitor osmeritinib, and chemotherapy. Recently, neoadjuvant pembrolizumab + chemotherapy and adjuvant pembrolizumab was approved by the FDA for resectable NSCLC. Approval was based on findings from the KEYNOTE-671 trial which demonstrated improved efficacy of this regimen versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone and surgery. This study aimed to examine US oncologists' utilization and perceptions of treatment options in this setting. Methods: Questions related to neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy for early-stage/resectable NSCLC were presented to US-based oncologists/hematologists during a live meeting held in July 2023. Up to 108 participants responded to questions, though not all participants answered each question. Responses were summarized using descriptive statistics. Results: For a hypothetical 62-year-old male with immunotherapy and cisplatin-eligible resectable stage IIIA N2 non-squamous NSCLC, most (69.8%) respondents initially reported a treatment preference for neoadjuvant nivolumab +cisplatin + pemetrexed treatment. Forty-one percent would consider immunotherapy for resectable NSCLC, regardless of PD-L1 expression. After reviewing KEYNOTE-671, 74.5% respondents indicated being very likely to consider neoadjuvant pembrolizumab + chemotherapy, and adjuvant pembrolizumab treatment for resectable NSCLC and providers were more likely to prescribe chemoimmunotherapy (47.4%) versus targeted therapy (40.2%) as neoadjuvant therapy for epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated NSCLC. The most frequently cited challenges to prescribing neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and adjuvant immunotherapy for patients with resectable NSCLC included understanding if patients require both neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment (51%), identifying patients benefitting most (47%), and the impact of actionable mutations on outcomes (33%). Conclusions: Overall, with enhanced interest in immunotherapy use in both neoadjuvant and adjuvant settings, understanding treatment optimization, differentiating between competing targeted and immunotherapy treatment options, adverse event management, and impact of mutations on patient outcomes will become critical treatment considerations.
Molecular imaging research on 18F-FDG PET/CT and biomarker analysis to predict the efficacy of neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy for resectable stage IIIA-IIIB NSCLC; Background: The purpose of this study was to explore the predictive value of tumor and secondary lymphoid metabolic parameters on 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (18F-FDG PET/CT) and circulating biomarkers for pathological response of neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods:Weincluded 22 patients who was diagnosed with NSCLC (stage IIIA-IIIB (T3-4N2)) and underwent curative surgery after receiving 3 cycles of camrelizumab plus chemotherapy between January 2023 and January 2024 in Shandong Cancer Hospital. Radical surgery was performed within 4-6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy. Patients undergo 18F-FDG PET/CT scans in 1 week before treatment and 1 week before surgery. Pathological outcomes were assessed and divided into pathologic complete response (pCR) and non-pCR (defined as residual tumor > 0%). The PET/CT parameters were measured, including tumor metabolic parameters such as maximum normalized uptake value (SUVmax), average normalized uptake value (SUVmean), total pathological glycolysis (TLG), and metabolic tumor volume (MTV). Additionally, secondary lymphoid organ metabolic parameters like the splenoliver SUVmax ratio (SLR) and bone marrow-liver SUVmax ratio (BLR) were assessed. Furthermore, lymphocyte subsets and inflammatory biomarkers in peripheral blood were analyzed. The correlation between PET/CT metabolic parameters, lymphocyte subsets, inflammatory biomarkers and pathological response was analyzed. Results: pCR was achieved in 8 of the 22 patients. SUVmax in both pCR (p<0.001) and non-pCR patients (p<0.001) decreased before surgery. Among patients with pCR, the absolute value of decreased SUVmax (p = 0.024) and the rate of decreased SUVmax (DSUVmax%) (p = 0.042) before surgery was higher than those in non-pCR patients. In pCR group, SLR has a decreasing trend before surgery (p = 0.083). In circulating biomarker analysis, the percentage of NK cells changes (ΔNK%) of patients with pCR before surgery was higher than that of patients with non-pCR (p = 0.029). Neutrophil-tolymphocyte ratio (NLR) in pCR group decreased significantly (p = 0.021) before surgery and there also had declining trend in the non-pCR group (p = 0.062). Before surgery, systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) was significantly decreased in both pCR (p = 0.028) and non-pCR (p<0.001) groups. There also had significant decrease in derived neutrophil-tolymphocyte ratio (dNLR) before surgery in both pCR (p = 0.01) and non-pCR (p = 0.031) groups. Conclusions: The SUVmax of the primary site at baseline, ΔSUVmax% and ΔNK% have good value in pCR for patients with stage IIIA-IIIB NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy. More analysis of biomarkers is ongoing.
Neoadjuvant hypofractionated radiotherapy combined with pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy for potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancer: A phase Ib study; Background: Neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has become a standard of care. hypofractioned radiotherapy (HFRT) served as an immunomodulator and enhanced the effect of preoperative immunotherapy. In this phase Ib study, we evaluated the safety and feasibility of neoadjuvant HFRT with pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy in patients with potentially resectable stage III NSCLC. Methods: Patients with potentially resectable stage III NSCLC with EGFR/ALK wild-type were recruited to receive HFRT to the primary tumor followed by two cycles of pembrolizumab (100 mg/body) plus platinumbased doublet chemotherapy (Q3W). HFRT was delivered using 3 daily fractions, with a dose of 24 Gy for peripheral lesions and 12 Gy for central lesions. Central lesion is defined as a 2 cm area around the pulmonary artery and main bronchus. The decision for surgery was made through multidisciplinary team (MDT) discussion within a 4-6-week period after the completion of neoadjuvant treatment. Patients underwent surgery followed by adjuvant pembrolizumab for 2 years. Primary endpoint was safety. Secondary endpoints were efficacy, such as pathological complete response (pCR), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS). Results: Between April 2021 and November 2023, 17 patients were enrolled with a median age of 66 years (range 54-74) and 15 (88.2%) having squamous cell lung cancer. 12 (70.6%) patients had stage IIIB disease, and 10 (58.8%) had central primary lesion. PD-L1 was ≥1% in 9 patients (52.9%). All patients received HFRT and at least one cycle of immunochemotherapy. No grade 3 or high adverse events were observed during neoadjuvant therapy. Only one patient had grade 1 nephrotoxicity, and another patient had grade 2 pneumonitis. A partial response was achieved in 16 out of 17 patients (94.1%), while one patient had stable disease after neoadjuvant therapy. Following MDT discussion, 11 patients (64.7%) met the surgical standards, while the remaining 6 patients were transitioned to definitive chemoradiotherapy. Among the 11 patients who underwent surgery, 8 (72.7%) achieved R0 resection, and 6 patients (54.5%) attained pCR. Only one patient died from intraoperative bleeding, and the remaining patients were followed up. The median PFS was 21.7 months, median OS were not reached, and the 2-year OS rate was 85.6%. The study was terminated early due to slow recruitment. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant HFRT with immunotherapy for potentially resectable stage III NSCLC is a tolerable treatment with an improved surgical conversion rate and pCR rate.
Predicting pathological response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer through liquid biopsy; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy (ICI) plus chemotherapy (CT) provides a significant benefit compared to CT alone in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, further research is needed to identify the populations benefitting from this combined strategy. Methods: Patients (pts) diagnosed with stage II-III resectable NSCLC who opted for neoadjuvant ICI plus CT were enrolled. Plasma samples were collected before treatment initiation (T1) and before surgery (T2). A next-generation sequencing (NGS) platform spanning 769 cancer-related genes was utilized to detect circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). The ctDNA concentration was presented as haploid genome equivalents (hGE) per mL of plasma. Additionally, low-pass whole-methylome sequencing was employed to explore three features of cell-free DNA, including methylated fragment ratio (MFR), fragment size index (FSI), and chromosomal aneuploidy of featured fragments (CAFF). Clinical and pathological data was obtained from medical records. Results: Out of 24 pts enrolled, 18 pts were evaluable on both platforms. The major pathological response (MPR) rate was 70.8% (17/24), and the pathological complete response (pCR) rate was 37.5% (9/24). Squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) showed a higher MPR rate than adenocarcinoma (P = 0.014). Pts with clinical T stage 2 showed a trend toward a higher MPR rate than those with T stage 3/4 (P = 0.069). No single molecular biomarker was found to be independently associated with MPR or pCR at T1. A linear discriminant model was constructed based on clinical T stage, MFR, and hGE at T1, which predicted both MPR and pCR with an accuracy of 83.3% (n = 18). In pts with SCC (n = 15), the accuracy of this model in predicting MPR and pCR was 80.0% and 86.7%, respectively. Moreover, the CAFF score at T2 was significantly higher in non-MPR pts than in MPR pts (P = 0.003). The dynamic change of CAFF score [calculation: (T2-T1) / T1] was also significantly related to MPR (P = 0.006). Conclusions: Baseline cfDNA features and clinical parameters effectively predicted pathological response of neoadjuvant ICI plus CT in resectable NSCLC, which could potentially serve as a tool for identifying patients that would benefit most from the combined approach.
Neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy for resectable stage IIIA-IIIb non-small cell lung cancer: Single arm phase II study; Background: This study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: In this single-arm phase II clinical trial, patients aged 18-75 with pathologically confirmed resectable stage IIIA-IIIB (T3-4N2) NSCLC without EGFR, ALK, and ROS1 gene mutations were enrolled since December 2022. Patients were assigned to receive 3 cycles of camrelizumab (200 mg) plus chemotherapy (nab-paclitaxel, 130 mg/m2 or pemetrexed (for adenocarcinoma), 500mg/m2 plus platinum [cisplatin, 75 mg/m2; carboplatin, area under the curve, 5]). Radical surgery was performed within 4-6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy. Patients undergo 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) PET/CT scans within 1 week before treatment and surgery, respectively. The primary endpoints for follow-up are pathologic complete response (pCR) rate and major pathological response (MPR) rate, while secondary endpoints include safety and disease-free survival (DFS). Exploratory endpoints include molecular imaging research and biomarker analysis. Results: Up to December 2023, 30 patients (median age: 64 years) have been enrolled, including 22 cases of squamous carcinoma and 8 cases of adenocarcinoma. All patients received 3 cycles of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy, and 27 patients underwent radical sugery. Three patients did not receive surgical treatment, 2 of whom refused surgery and 1 was unable to undergo surgery due to disease progression. Among patients received surgery, 27 (100%) achieved R0 resection, 10 (37.0%) achieved pCR, and 15 (55.6%) achieved MPR. For patients with squamous cell carcinoma, the MPR and pCR rates were 70% (14/20) and 45% (9/20), respectively, while for adenocarcinoma patients, the MPR and pCR rates were 14.3% (1/7) and 14.3% (1/7), respectively. There was no significant difference in pathological response rates between the PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥ 1% group and the PD-L1 TPS < 1% group. Most of treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were grade 1-2, and the most common TRAEs was leukopenia (63.0%). Five patients (18.5%) developed grade ≥ 3 TRAEs, including 3 leukopenia, 1 neutropenia, and 1 pneumonia. Biomarker analysis showed that among patients with pCR, the proportion of increased circulating M1 macrophages and decreased mononuclear myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MMDSCs) and M2 macrophages after treatment was higher than those in non-pCR patients. Circulating ctDNA analysis showed that the ctDNA concentration of patients with non-pCR after treatment was higher than that of patients with pCR. Patients with ctDNA remaining positive after treatment were all in the non-pCR group. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with chemotherapy for NSCLC patients show promising pathological response rates and tolerable safety.
The phase 3 INTerpath-002 study design: Individualized neoantigen therapy (INT) V940 (mRNA-4157) plus pembrolizumab vs placebo plus pembrolizumab for resected early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Pembrolizumab (pembro; anti-PD-1) is indicated as adjuvant monotherapy following resection and adjuvant chemotherapy in patients (pts) with stage IB (T2a ≥4 cm), II, or IIIA NSCLC (per AJCC v7). However, many pts experience disease recurrence, and have limited treatment options available. V940 (mRNA-4157) is a novel individualized neoantigen therapy that encodes up to 34 neoantigens that is specifically tailored and manufactured for each pt derived from their tumor. V940 as monotherapy and in combination with pembro has shown preliminary antitumor activity in the phase 1 KEYNOTE-603 study in several solid tumor types, including NSCLC. Additionally, in pts with completely resected, high-risk stage IIIB/C/D and IV cutaneous melanoma in the KEYNOTE-942 primary analysis, V940 plus pembro demonstrated significant improvements in recurrence-free survival (HR, 0.561 [95% CI, 0.309-1.017]; P = 0.0266) and distant metastasis-free survival (HR, 0.347 [95% CI, 0.145-0.828]; P = 0.0063) vs pembro alone. Here we present the design of the phase 3, randomized, double-blind INTerpath-002 study (NCT06077760) of adjuvant V940 plus pembro vs placebo plus pembro in pts with completely resected and chemotherapy-treated stage II-IIIB (N2) NSCLC (AJCC v8). Methods: Eligible pts aged ≥18 years with completely resected stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2) squamous or nonsquamous NSCLC (per AJCC v8.0) where EGFRdirected therapy is not indicated as primary therapy (ie, absence ofsensitizing EGFR mutations e.g. DEL19 or L858R), who have received 1-4 doses of adjuvant platinum-doublet chemotherapy, have ECOG PS 0 or 1, and have available tumor tissue for next-generation sequencing and PD-L1 testing will be enrolled. Pts must not have received previous neoadjuvant therapy for NSCLC and must not have received or be candidates for adjuvant radiotherapy. Pts will be randomized 1:1 to receive V940 1mg IMor placebo Q3Wfor up to 9 doses plus pembro 400mgIV Q6W for up to 9 cycles or until disease recurrence, pt withdrawal, unacceptable toxicity, or an additional malignancy requiring treatment. Randomization will be stratified by histology (squamous vs nonsquamous), PD-L1 TPS ( < 1% vs 1%-49% vs ≥50%), disease stage (II vs III), and geographic location (North America/Western Europe/Australia vs rest of world). The primary endpoint is disease-free survival per investigator review. Secondary endpoints include distant metastasis-free survival per investigator assessment, OS, lung cancer-specific survival, patient-reported outcomes, and safety. Tumor imaging will occur at baseline, every 12 wk until wk 48, every 24 wk through year 3, and every 48 wk thereafter. Enrollment began in October 2023 and is ongoing globally (NCT06077760). The abstract was originally presented and published in: Proceedings of the American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting 2024; Part 2 (Late-Breaking, Clinical Trial, and Invited Abstracts); 2024 Apr 5-10; San Diego, CA. Philadelphia (PA): AACR; Cancer Res 2024;84(7-Suppl):Abstract nr CT281.
Comparison of the efficacy of immunotherapy at different time points during the perioperative period for stage II-III NSCLC; Background: The application of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in early-stage lung cancer is fraught with unresolved issues, and there are no clinical studies directly comparing the efficacy of ICIs used in neoadjuvant, adjuvant, and neoadjuvant followed by adjuvant therapy across different perioperative time points in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Consequently, the optimal timing for immunotherapy in surgically resectable NSCLC remains uncertain. Methods: This study encompassed 536 patients with stage II-III NSCLC, diagnosed and treated across multiple centers from January 2019 to December 2022. Clinical data for all patients ultimately included in the study were retrospectively collected. The primary endpoints evaluated were event-free survival (EFS)/disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) . Secondary endpoints included pathological complete response (pCR) and major pathological response (MPR). Propensity score matching was utilized to mitigate confounding factors, comparing the efficacy of ICIs across different treatment modalities and time dimensions during the perioperative period of lung cancer. Results: The integration of neoadjuvant ICIs with chemotherapy was observed to significantly enhance pCR (p < 0.001), MPR (p < 0.001), EFS (p = 0.002), and OS (p < 0.001) in comparison to neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone. Similarly, the combination of adjuvant ICIs with chemotherapy markedly improved DFS (p = 0.034) and OS (p = 0.021) relative to adjuvant chemotherapy alone. Building on these insights, we further delineated the efficacy of ICIs across distinct temporal dimensions within the perioperative interval, categorizing patients into three groups: neoadjuvant ICIs plus chemotherapy, adjuvant ICIs plus chemotherapy, and a sequential regimen of neoadjuvant followed by adjuvant ICIs plus chemotherapy. The analysis revealed no significant differences in DFS and OS among the three patient groups for stage II NSCLC. In contrast, for stage III NSCLC, both neoadjuvant (p = 0.015) and sequential treatment approaches (p = 0.047) demonstrated significantly improved DFS outcomes compared to the adjuvant protocol, with no substantial statistical difference noted between the neoadjuvant and sequential treatments (p = 0.274). Furthermore, the sequential regimen outperformed the adjuvant strategy in OS (p = 0.020). However, when comparing the neoadjuvant strategy with either the adjuvant (p = 0.054) or sequential approaches (p = 0.717), there were no statistically significant variances detected. Conclusions: For individuals with resectable stage III NSCLC, perioperative administration of neoadjuvant and sequential adjuvant ICIs appears to confer enhanced survival advantages. Future efforts should focus on refining treatment strategies for early-stage NSCLC, aiming to deliver enhanced survival benefits to patients.
Neoadjuvant toripalimab plus chemotherapy for resectable stage II-IIIB nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer with EGFR mutations: A multi-center, multi-cohort, exploratory study; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has been widely applied in the treatment of resectable stage II-IIIB NSCLC patients without driver gene mutation. However, as for the EGFRpositive patients, the therapeutic effect of neoadjuvant treatment, either TKI or chemotherapy, is far from satisfied and the outcome of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy in these patients remains an unanswered but crucial question. Herein, we conducted a phase 2 prospective trial (NCT05962021). Methods: This is a multicenter, multi-cohort prospective phase 2 study in the treatment-naïve patients with resectable stage II-IIIB (N2) (AJCC 8th edition) non-squamous NSCLC harboring EGFR mutations (19DEL or L858R). Enrolled patients will be divided into two cohorts according to EGFR status and receive neoadjuvant toripalimab (240mg, q3w) plus platinum-based doublet chemotherapy (pemetrexed 500mg/m2 plus carboplatin AUC 5, q3w) for 3 cycles. Surgery will be performed after completion of neoadjuvant therapy based on the multidisciplinary discussion, while local radiotherapy will be considered if the patient cannot undergo surgery due to disease progression. Key inclusion criteria: nonsquamous NSCLC, resectable stage II-IIIB (N2), EGFR mutations (19DEL or L858R), age≥18 years, ECOG PS 0-1 and adequate cardiopulmonary function. Exclusion criteria: prior systemic anticancer treatment, contraindication to immunotherapy, active autoimmune disease. Adequate pre-treatment tissue samples are required for RT-PCR or next-generation sequencing to determine the EGFR mutation status and PD-L1 expression immunohistochemical detection. The primary study endpoint is complete pathological response (pCR) rate, per blinded independent pathologist review. Simon's optimal two-stage design will be used to test the null hypothesis of pCR rate ≤5% and alternative hypothesis of pCR rate ≥15%, and 5 or more pCRs among 56 patients per arm are needed for the primary endpoint to be met. Secondary endpoints include major pathological response (MPR) rate, pCR/MPR rate in different EGFR mutation subgroups (19DEL or L858R) and different PD-L1 expression subgroups (TPS < 1% and ≥ 1%), event-free survival and safety and tolerability. Peripheral blood, stool and tissue samples will be obtained longitudinally at baseline, during perioperation and at follow-ups for exploratory analysis.
NeoRad(Low): A phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant (NA) ipilimumab + nivolumab (ipi+- nivo) with low dose stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) as an immune stimulant in patients with resectable stage IB-III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Standard NA immune checkpoint blockade for patients with resectable NSCLC targets PD1 only and must be combined with platinum-based chemotherapy. In a randomized phase 2NA study, ipi + nivo demonstrated greater immune-mediated efficacy compared to nivo alone with major pathologic response (MPR) 50% vs. 24%, Cascone T, et al. Nat Med. 2021; 27(3):504-14). Preclinical and clinical studies have demonstrated that low doses of radiation enhance immune response by multiple mechanisms (dsDNA breaks, induction of STING, transcription of pro-inflammatory proteins, increased expression of neoantigens while sparing effector T cells). An approach incorporating low dose radiation as an immune stimulant potentially may improve immune-mediated efficacy and shorten the duration of NA treatment compared to approaches that use combined cytotoxic chemotherapy. Methods: This singlearm trial tested NA ipi (1 mg/kg d1) + nivo (3mg/kg d1, 15, 29) plus low-dose SBRT delivered as 2 fractions (4Gy x 2) to the gross primary tumor and nodal disease immediately following day 1 infusion and completed by day 3 in patients with medically operable stage IB-III NSCLC Patients went on to surgical resection between days 49 -63. The primary efficacy outcome measure was pathologic response (including MPR, and complete PR (CPR)). Secondary outcome measures included safety, and exploratory biomarkers of immune response in pre- and post-operative blood and tissue. A two-stage design was employed to stop the study for lack of efficacy if fewer than 3 of the first 9 evaluable patients achieved MPR or experienced undue toxicity. Results: Patients were treated on study: 4 men, 5 women, aged 40-71, stage IB (2), IIB (5), IIIA (1), IIIB (1); adenocarcinoma 7 (all EGFR,ALK -), squamous 2; ECOG PS 0-1 (9); all were former smokers. There were no dose limiting toxicities. Study-related toxicities were < grade 2 including rash (2) and abdominal pain (1). There were no study-related surgical complications. One patient (IIIA, T1N2) experienced clinical and radiologic progression during study treatment and was confirmed to have pleural metastases at surgery. Of 7 patients resected to date, there was 1 CPR, 0 further MPR and 1 patient with surgery pending. All resected patients had some treatment effect, 3 were down staged and these elected not to receive adjuvant cytotoxic chemotherapy. The only patient to progress in 8 months med f/u was the patient progressing during NA therapy. Conclusions: Low-dose radiation with concurrent NA ipi + nivo was safe and well tolerated in this small cohort but did not improveMPRcompared to historical phase 2 data of ipi + nivo alone. Standard and exploratory biomarkers of immune response will be presented to determine if patient selection played a role in these results.
A randomized phase II trial of atezolizumab with or without tiragolumab before and after definitive chemoradiation for unresectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC; AFT-57); Background: A minority of patients with unresectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) may be cured by chemoradiotherapy (CRT). Adjuvant checkpoint inhibition through PD-L1 blockade after CRT improved survival compared to placebo in the PACIFIC trial (median progression-free survival (mPFS) 16.9 vs 5.6 months (mo), median overall survival (mOS) 47.5 vs 29.1 mo), but overall survival at 5 years remains below 50% (Spigel D, et al J Clin Oncol 2022, https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9015199/. Only patients completing CRT without progression and with good performance status were eligible for this approach. Neoadjuvant checkpoint inhibition would allow more patients the opportunity to benefit from immunotherapy and may attenuate tumor-related immunosuppression via depletion of regulatory T cells and clonal expansion of effector T cells, thereby improving tumor immunogenicity. Neoadjuvant atezolizumab had favorable outcomes compared to historic PACIFIC data in the phase II single arm trial, AFT-16 (mPFS 30moandmOSnot reached). Whether combination immunotherapy therapy before CRT will improve outcomes in this setting is the question posed in the AFT-57 trial. Methods: This phase II randomized Alliance Foundation Trials study (AFT- 57) will evaluate safety and efficacy of atezolizumab with or without the anti-TIGIT monoclonal antibody, tiragolumab, before and after definitive CRT with concurrent atezolizumab. The primary endpoint is PFS in the two experimental arms with a goal to select the most promising regimen for further study. AFT-57 will randomly assign 158 patients with stage III NSCLC (AJCC v8), Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0-1, no active autoimmune disease and no underlying organ dysfunction to 2 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab (1200 mg intravenously [IV] every 21 days) with or without tiragolumab (600 mg IV). Nonprogressing patients will receive carboplatin and paclitaxel weekly with atezolizumab 1200 mg IV every 21 days concurrent with 60 Gray involved field thoracic radiation in 30 daily fractions (Monday - Friday) followed by atezolizumab with or without tiragolumab on the same schedule as the neoadjuvant doses, with a plan to complete one year of therapy. A pilot cohort of 20 patients for whomtiragolumab will be combined with atezolizumab during chemoradiotherapy is planned toward the end of accrual. Correlative science includes tissue and blood-based immune-related biomarkers at baseline and during therapy. This trial utilizes the Alliance Participant Engagement Portal, a patient-facing site designed to provide information and resources to Alliance clinical trial participants. The trial was activated on 12/7/23 with the first patient screened 1/19/24.
Efficacy and safety of perioperative, neoadjuvant or adjuvant immunotherapy alone or in combination chemotherapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background: Adjuvant (AD), neoadjuvant(NE), or perioperative(PE) immunotherapy in earlystage non-small cell lung cancer (eNSCLC) has been validated in multiple clinical trials in recent years. However, the comparations of efficacy and safety among three treatment modalities remain unclear. Methods: The PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) plus chemotherapy (CT) for eNSCLC. We calculated hazard ratios (HRs) or advantage ratios (ORs) for binary endpoints with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Network meta-analysis was performed using a Bayesian framework to indirectly compare the three treatment modalities. Results: A total of 11 RCTs (2 NE, 6 PE, and 3 AD) including 6951 NSCLC patients were included. Among the three treatment modalities, indirect comparisons revealed that efficacy differed between PE and AD immunotherapy was only observed in the EFS/DFS (HR=0.68, 95%CI: 0.49-0.89). Compared with the control group, NE/PE immunotherapies significantly improved pathologic complete response (pCR) (OR=7.56, 95%CI: 5.24-10.92), major pathologic response(MPR) (OR=5.46, 95%CI: 3.97-7.51), EFS(HR=0.58, 95% CI: 0.50-0.67), and AD immunotherapy significantly improved DFS (HR=0.83, 95% CI: 0.73-0.94). No significant OS difference was observed in NE and AD setting (HR=0.62, 95% CI: 0.36-1.05; HR=0.90, 95% CI: 0.76-1.06, respectively), and only PE immunotherapy showed OS benefits(HR=0.67, 95%CI: 0.54-0.84). In addition, EFS was significantly improved in the PE treatment subgroup regardless of stage, pathologic response, histology, PD-L1 expression, and gender (Table), but no significant benefit in the EGFRm NSCLC subgroup(HR=0.54, 95% CI: 0.21-1.43). AD (OR 1.52, 95% CI: 1.01-2.30) and PE (OR 1.29, 95% CI: 1.08-1.54) immunotherapies were significantly associated with higher grade≥3 adverse events (AEs) compared with controls. Rash was the most common grade ≥3 irAEs. Conclusions: PE immunotherapy seems to be more effective than NE and AD immunotherapy in three treatment modes. NE and PE immunotherapy significantly improved pCR, MPR, EFS, and AD immunotherapy significantly improved DFS in eNSCLC patients in comparison with the control group, but only PE immunotherapy significantly improved OS. (Table Presented).
Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) outcomes from the randomized, double-blind phase 3 KEYNOTE-671 study of perioperative pembrolizumab for early-stage nonsmall- cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant pembrolizumab + cisplatin-based chemotherapy (neoadj pembro + chemo), resection, and adjuvant (adj) pembro (pembro arm; n=397) significantly improved EFS, OS, pCR, and mPR and had an expected safety profile versus neoadj placebo (pbo) + chemo, resection, and adj pbo (pbo arm; n=400) in patients (pts) with resectable stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2) NSCLC. We present prespecified pt-reported outcome (PRO) endpoints from KEYNOTE- 671. Methods: Pts completed EORTC QLQ-C30 and QLQ-LC13 questionnaires at baseline (BL), the last scheduled presurgery visit, adj cycles 1-4, 7, 10, and 13, and each post treatment visit. A constrained longitudinal data analysis model was used to estimate least squares mean (LSM) score changes from BL to neoadjwk11 and adjwk 10 (latest time of ≥60%completion and ≥80% compliance) in QLQ-C30 global health status (GHS)/QoL, physical functioning (PF), role functioning (RF), and dyspnea and QLC-LC13 cough and chest pain in all treated pts who completed ≥1 PRO assessment. Data are from interim analysis 2 (10 Jul 2023 cutoff). Results: Across arms, questionnaire completion was ≥87% at neoadj wk 11 and ≥62% at adj wk 10; compliance was ≥87% and ≥92%, respectively. There were no differences in LSM change from BL in the neoadj or adj phase for any PRO score (Table). Conclusions: Adding perioperative pembro maintained HRQoL in both the neoadj and adj settings versus neoadj chemo and surgery alone in pts with resectable early-stage NSCLC. Together with the significant efficacy improvements and absence of new safety signals, HRQoL data support the perioperative pembro regimen as a new standard of care. (Table Presented).
Neoadjuvant SHR-1701 with or without chemotherapy in unresectable stage III NSCLC (TRAILBLAZER): Efficacy, safety and feasibility of surgical conversion outcomes from a proof-of-concept, phase 2 trial; Background: Consolidation immunotherapy after chemoradiation is the standard of care for unresectable stage III NSCLC. Addition of immunotherapy-based induction treatment may further improve outcome, partly by enabling surgery. We conducted a proof-of-concept, phase 2 trial to assess neoadjuvant SHR-1701 (an anti-PD-L1/TGF-β bifunctional fusion protein) with or without chemotherapy, followed by surgery or radiotherapy in unresectable stage III NSCLC and without EGFR/ALK alterations. Methods: Patients with MDT-assessed surgically unresectable disease were given 3 cycles of neoadjuvant SHR-1701 (30 mg/kg Q3W) with or without chemotherapy (paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 Q3W + carboplatin AUC = 5 Q3W).Patients with PD-L1 TPS < 0% received combination therapy (arm A) and those with PD-L1 TPS ≥50% were randomized (1:1) to receive combination therapy (arm B) or SHR-1701 alone (arm C). After reassessment by MDT, patients received either surgery or definitive radiotherapy (60 Gy/30 fractions) plus concurrent cisplatin (30 mg/m2 QW), all followed by consolidation SHR-1701 for 16 cycles. The primary endpoints were post-induction objective response rate (ORR) and 18- month event-free survival (EFS) rate. Arm A+B (patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy) was the primary analysis cohort. Results: Between Nov. 20, 2020 and Jan. 27, 2022, 107 patients were enrolled (arm A/B/C, n = 88/9/10). Median follow-up was 22.2 months. In arm A+B, both primary endpoints were met, with a post-induction ORR of 58% (95% CI 47-68) and an 18-month EFS rate of 56.6% (95% CI 45.2-66.5). In arm C, the post-induction ORR was 40% (95% CI 12-74) and 18-month EFS rate was 77.1% (95% CI 34.5- 93.9). 24-month overall survival rate was 78.3% (95% CI 68.0-85.7) in arm A+B and 100% in arm C. Overall, 27 (25% of 107; arm A+B/C, n = 24/3) patients underwent surgery; all achieved R0 resection. Among them, 12 (44%) MPR and seven (26%) pCR were recorded. The 18-month EFS rate was 74.1% (95% CI 53.2-86.7) in resected patients and 57.3% (43.0-69.3) in those receiving radiotherapy. Across arms, all grade ≥3 TRAEs with frequency ≥10% were hematological toxicities. No new safety signals were identified. Conclusions: NeoadjuvantSHR-1701 with chemotherapy, followed by surgery or radiotherapy, showed promising anti-tumor activity with a tolerable safety profile in unresectable stage III NSCLC. We provided first evidence that surgical conversion was feasible in a notable proportion of patients, and was associated with better survival outcomes.
Operability changes in patients with NSCLC after neoadjuvant chemotherapy and anti-PD-1/PD-L1; Background: The neoadjuvant (NA) treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has evolved with the emergence of chemotherapy (CT) and immunotherapy (IO) combinations as the standard of care. However, limited data exist on the impact of these treatments on functional parameters. This is a multicenter retrospective study, focuses on respiratory function in NSCLC patients (pts) undergoing NA therapy. Methods: We conducted a multicenter study of NSCLC pts undergone NA from January 2021 to December 2023 with pre- and post-NA respiratory tests. They were treated with CT or CT-IO. Clinical, pathological and surgical variables were collected. Comparative analysis between DLCO (Diffusing Capacity for Carbon Monoxide), FEV1 (Forced Espiratory Volume in first second) and FVC (Forced Vital Capacity) pre- and post-NA in CT/CT-IO subgroups were studied. We performed a regression univariate analysis with variables influencing DLCO, FEV1 and FVC variations. Results: We included 159 patients from 13 hospitals. Median age was 70, with 67% men, 72% ECOG 0, and 93% smokers or ex-smokers. Squamous histology was present in 50.3%, and PD-L1 expression was balanced. Non-G12C KRAS mutation was the most common molecular finding (15%). Pre-NA treatment stages included IB (0.6%), IIA (0.6%), IIB (1.8%), IIIA (89%), and IIIB (6.9%). NA treatment comprised CT in 25% and CT-IO in 75%. Surgery was performed in 88.5% pts, with lobectomy as the most common procedure (82%). After surgery, ypTNM: cPR (35%); mPR (28.7%); ypN1 (10 %); ypN2 (7.9%). 20 pts did not surgery: persistent N2 (25%), M1 (10%), complications (15%) and functional inoperability (50%). No significant differences were found in median pre- NA DLCO, FEV1, and FVC between CT and CT-IO subgroups. However, post-NA DLCO showed a reduction in CTIO (69.7% vs. CT 77%, p=0.003), while post-NA FEV1 and FVC increased in CTIO (FEV1: 88% vs. CT 81.8%, p=0.029; FVC: 100.6% vs. CT 91%, p=0.003). Variation rates from pre- to post-NA values indicated a trend towards DLCO reduction in CT-IO (13% vs. CT 8%, p=0.08), and an increase in FEV1 (5% vs. CT 0%, p=0.002) and FVC (4% vs. CT -1.2%, p=0.001). Complications during NA treatment showed no significant differences. 10 patients were ineligible for surgery, with functional deterioration more prominent in the CT-IO subgroup, though without statistical significance (p=0.091). Conversions to thoracotomy were more common in CT-IO (66.6% vs. CT 33.3%, p=0.49). Univariate regression analysis revealed trends towards significance between FVC and liver disease, renal disease, and type of NA, as well as between FEV1 and liver disease, BMI, type of NA, and patient outcomes. Conclusions: Significant differences in post-NA functional variables were observed between CT-IO and CT subgroups, including lower DLCO and higher FEV1/FVC in the CT-IO group. Prospective validation is essential to confirm these findings.
Neoadjuvant and perioperative immunotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A systematic review and extracted individual patient data metaanalysis; Background: Neoadjuvant and perioperative immunotherapy are emerging approaches for resectable NSCLC. However, survival outcomes are still immature and subgroup analyses are underpowered. We report extracted individual patient (pt) data (eIPD) and trial-level (TL) meta-analyses of phase II and III randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in this setting. Methods: The systematic review included Cochrane, Embase, and major oncology conferences (ASCO annual meetings, ESMO meetings, WCLC meetings). Primary objectives were eIPD event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS). Secondary objectives included eIPD and TL metaanalysis of subgroups. Kaplan-Meier plots of time-to-event outcomes were reconstructed with WebPlotDigitizer (v4.6, 2022), and eIPD was estimated with IPDfromKM (v0.1.10, 2020) stratified by study. Comparisons between arms were made in a 1-stage model with a Cox Proportional Hazards model stratified by study. The difference of restricted mean survival time (D-RMST), a quantification of the postponement of an event during a specified interval, was used to compare survival when the proportional hazard assumption (PHA) was violated, tau being the shortest follow-up time of the available trials. TL meta-analysis was performed with a random effects model. This meta-analysis was registered in the PROSPERO database under CRD42024502150. Results: Seven RCTs (AEGEAN, CM816, CM77T, KN671, NADIM II, NeoTorch, and Lei et al. [ESMO IOTECH 2022, ≤56O]) were identified, comprising 2995 pts. EFS analysis included all pts, with HR of 0.58 (0.52-0.65; p<0.01). OS analysis (1645 evaluable pts from 4 trials) showed a D-RMST of 5.17 mo. (p<0.01) due to PHA violation. Full eIPD analysis in the table. TL meta-analysis showed benefit in all subgroups, including PD-L1 expression, histology, stage, smoking status, sex, and age. TL EFS and OS results were comparable to results obtained from eIPD analysis, with low heterogeneity measures. Conclusions: This metaanalysis provides robust and nuanced insights into the positive impact of immunotherapy in resectable NSCLC. While evidence supports its efficacy, uncertainty surrounding the benefit in stage , III disease highlights the need for additional research and more mature results to guide clinical decision-making effectively. (Table Presented).
Surgical outcomes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy versus chemotherapy alone: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) including programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) and programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) blockade in combination with chemotherapy has been shown to improve survival outcomes in patients with early-stage nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, its impact on surgery has not been fully elucidated yet. Weaimed to compare surgical outcomes between neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy with PD- 1/PD-L1 blockade and chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: We performed a systematic search of PubMed and Embase for randomized-controlled trials (RCTs) that compared neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy to chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable NSCLC and reported surgical outcomes including surgical resection rates, R0 resection rates, postoperative complications, any-grade treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs), grade 3-5 TRAEs, serious AEs (SAEs), and AEs leading to cancellation of surgery. Meta-analysis was performed using the random-effects model to pool odds ratios (ORs) of these surgical and safety outcomes. Heterogeneity among the included studies for each outcome was assessed using I2 statistics and high heterogeneity was defined as I2 higher than 50%. Results: A systematic review identified 5 RCTs with 2,069 patients for a meta-analysis. All identified RCTs evaluated combination of neoadjuvant PD-1/ PD-L1 blockade with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone. Chemoimmunotherapy was associated with an improvement in R0 resection rates (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.22 - 2.42; p = 0.002), whereas surgical resection rates were comparable between two groups (OR 1.51, 95% CI 0.90 - 2.51; p = 0.12). No significant difference was observed for complication rates, any-grade TRAEs, grade 3-5 TRAEs, SAEs, or AEs leading to cancellation of surgery. (Table). Conclusions: Although the surgical resection rate itself was not significantly different between neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and chemotherapy alone, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was associated with increased R0 resection rates without an increase in the incidence of complications, TRAEs, and cancellation of surgery. This indicates that neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy can be safely administered with an increase in R0 resection rate, which potentially leads to improvement of survival outcomes in patients with resectable NSCLC. (Table Presented).
Comparative survival after neoadjuvant vs adjuvant systemic therapy in resectable stage II and stage III non-small cell lung cancer: A retrospective study using the National Cancer Database; Background: Resectable Stage II and III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) are managed with surgery and perioperative systemic therapy [Chemo/Chemo-Immunotherapy (IO)]. However, there lacks a consensus in optimal selection between neoadjuvant and adjuvant approaches. Hence, it underscores the necessity to undertake a comparative survival outcome associated with systemic therapy in these distinct settings. Methods: We conducted an analysis, of individuals aged 18 and above diagnosed with stage II and stage III NSCLC between 2004 - 2020, using data from the National Cancer Database (NCDB). Overall survival (OS) was compared for both Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant systemic therapy using Cox proportional hazards models after adjusting for sociodemographic (e.g., age, sex, race-ethnicity, and income) and health (e.g., insurance and facility type) related factors. The inclusion criteria involved restricting the analysis to individuals with no more than one lifetime cancer diagnosis and excluding those who received radiation therapy. Results: Among approximately 2 million total patients with NSCLC in NCDB, 8.38% and 20% were stage II and III respectively. After we identified a total of 137,473 eligible patients, 27,115 had relevant treatment information with 2,550 Neoadjuvant Chemo, 112 Neoadjuvant chemoIO, 24,175 Adjuvant chemo and 278 Adjuvant chemoIO. A statistically significant association between OS and treatment group was observed [x2(3) =55.5, p,.001]. The OS was notably higher in the Neoadjuvant chemoIO group (78.57%) compared to Adjuvant chemoIO group (55.76%), whereas the Neoadjuvant chemo-only group exhibited lower OS (45.41%) compared to the Adjuvant chemo group (47.98%). The Cox proportional hazards model showed 70% higher mortality risk in the Adjuvant chemoIO group compared to the Neoadjuvant chemoIO group (p=0.030, 95% CI 1.05-2.77). The 2-year and 5- year OS rates for Neoadjuvant ChemoIO were 77.9% and 68.8%, respectively versus 68.7% and 42.8% for Adjuvant chemoIO group. Conclusions: Our analysis reveals that Neoadjuvant chemoIO demonstrates superior survival outcomes compared to Adjuvant chemoIO. Additionally, our findings suggest the potential predictive value of Immunotherapy in combination with chemotherapy in the Neoadjuvant setting.
A phase II randomized trial evaluating consolidative nivolumab in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer post neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus nivolumab and concurrent chemoradiotherapy (GASTO-1091); Background: Enhancing clinical outcomes in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been associated with neoadjuvant or perioperative administration of nivolumab. However, the efficacy and safety of consolidation nivolumab versus observation following neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus nivolumab, hypofractionated radiotherapy and concurrent chemotherapy (hypo-CCRT) in patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC remain underexplored. Methods: Conducted as a randomized, multi-center, phase 2 trial in patients with unresectable stage IIIA-C NSCLC, this study enrolled individuals aged 18 to 75 with an ECOG performance status of 0 or 1. Neoadjuvant therapy consisted of docetaxel, cisplatin, and nivolumab (360mg every 3 weeks for 2 cycles), followed by hypo-CCRT. Patients without disease progression or G2+ pneumonitis after hypo-CCRT were randomly assigned to receive nivolumab (360 mg every 3 weeks for up to 12 months) or undergo observation. Randomization factors included age, sex, smoking history, and EGFR mutation status. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS) from randomization, with preplanned analysis results reported herein. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04085250. Results: Between Dec 3rd, 2019, and Aug 18th, 2023, 264 patients underwent neoadjuvant therapy, 242 received hypo-CCRT, and 172 were randomly assigned to nivolumab consolidation (n = 86) or observation (n = 86) post hypo- CCRT. At the January 31, 2024, data cutoff, the median follow-up for all randomized patients was 22.8 months. Nivolumab consolidation exhibited significantly longer PFS compared to observation (median not reached vs. 12.2 months [95% CI 6.2-18.1]; hazard ratio 0.49 [95% CI 0.31-0.79], p = 0.002). The 12-month and 18-month PFS rates were 72.6% and 64.8% in the consolidation group, contrasting with 52.5% and 42.3% in the observation group. Grade 3-4 nonhematological adverse events occurred in 14.0% (37/264) during neoadjuvant therapy and hypo-CCRT. Following randomization, grade 3-5 adverse events occurred in 7.0% (6/86) with consolidation (G3 pneumonitis, 2.3%; G5 pneumonitis, 1.2%; G3 proximal bronchial tree toxicity, 3.5%) and 4.6% (4/86) with observation (G3 pneumonitis, 2.3%; G3 proximal bronchial tree toxicity, 2.3%). Conclusions: Consolidation with nivolumab after neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus nivolumab and hypo-CCRT demonstrates effectiveness and tolerability for patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC. Extended follow-up is essential for confirming these findings.
Final survival outcomes and exploratory biomarker analysis from the randomized, phase 2 neoSCORE trial: Two versus three cycles of neoadjuvant sintilimab plus chemotherapy for resectable non-small cell lung cancer; Background: In the neoSCORE trial (NCT04459611), three cycles of neoadjuvant sintilimab plus chemotherapy achieved a numerically higher major pathological response (MPR) rate compared to two cycles. However, the relationship between MPR and survival in resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy is not currently fully elucidated. Furthermore, reliable predictive biomarkers are still lacking. Here, we report the survival and biomarker results of the study. Methods: Eligible patients with stage IB-IIIA resectable NSCLC were randomized 1:1 to receive either two or three cycles of neoadjuvant treatment with sintilimab (200mg) plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy (Q3W). After surgery, patients received totally four doses of perioperative immuno-chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was the MPR rate. Secondary endpoints included the complete pathological response (pCR) rate, objective response rate (ORR), 2-year disease-free survival (DFS) rate, 2-year overall survival (OS) rate, and safety. Tumor samples (n = 19) were obtained for immune biomarker analysis via mass cytometry time of flight (CyTOF). Multiplexed immunofluorescence (mIF) was performed on FFPE tumor samples (n = 42). Results: At the data cutoff (15/1/ 2024), 55 patients received neoadjuvant immuno-chemotherapy and underwent surgical resection, with a median follow-up of 36.1 months. DFS (HR = 1.25, P= 0.595) and OS (HR = 0.88, P= 0.830) were similar between the two-cycle and three-cycle groups. The median DFS and OS were not reached in both groups. The 2-year DFS rate in the two-cycle and three-cycle groups were 76.9% and 65.5%, and the 2-year OS rates were 84.6% and 86.2%, respectively. In a multivariable Cox analysis including clinical characteristics, therapy, and pathological response, only MPR was significantly associated with longer DFS (HR = 0.32, P= 0.044). The AUC for the percentage of residual viable tumor in predicting DFS was 0.649 (P= 0.061). CyTOF analysis demonstrated that increased infiltration of CD8+CD38+CD103- T cells after neoadjuvant immuno-chemotherapy was significantly associated with MPR (P= 0.035). The mIF confirmed that patients achieving MPR showed higher frequencies of CD8+CD38+CD103- T cells than those without MPR (P= 0.005). Additionally, patients with higher proportions of CD8+CD38+CD103- T cells had a trend towards improved DFS (HR = 0.39, P= 0.061) and OS (HR = 0.45, P= 0.259). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant sintilimab plus chemotherapy was feasible and demonstrated a robust and persistent survival benefit in resectable NSCLC. MPR was associated with improved DFS. Increased CD8+CD38+CD103- T cells were associated with MPR, with a trend towards a better survival benefit, suggesting that it could be a promising predictive biomarker.
Multiplex analysis of the immune environment before and after neoadjuvant durvalumab as a prognostic factor in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the IFCT-1601 IONESCO phase 2 trial; Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) are currently included in the peri-operative standard of care for NSCLC with the objective of a curative strategy. In early stages of NSCLC, biomarkers predicting ICI efficacy should be more stringent than PD-L1 tumoral expression in order to improve the benefit-toxicity ratio.Wedeeply analyzed the tumor microenvironment of patients included in the IONESCO multicenter phase 2 trial (stage IB > 4cm-IIIA, non N2 resectable NSCLC). Diagnostic biopsies and surgical resection specimen after 3 cycles of Durvalumab were available. We previously showed that the % of residual viable tumor cells (RVT) was associated with disease free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). PD-L1 tumor positive score was not correlated to RVT nor survival. Methods: 46 patients were included in the IONESCO trial. Among them, diagnostic biopsy (n = 32), surgical resection specimen post durvalumab (n = 39) and paired tumor samples (n = 31) were analyzed. Immune environment was assessed using 7 quantitative 7-plex immunofluorescence panels generating 349 different cellular phenotypes in 3 different compartments (whole tumor, intra cytokeratin and stroma), focusing on T and B lymphocytes, macrophages, immune checkpoint, NK cells, apoptosis, innate and adaptive immunity, dendritic cells. Densities of cells were quantified using Fluorescent Multiplex immunohistochemistry performed on Leica Bond RX, using OpalTM technology. A fisher's exact test or chi2 test was used for demographics variables and RVT. HRs and 95% CIs were estimated using a Cox model. NCT number: NCT03030131. Results: With median follow-up of 4.5 years, 16/31 patients had a disease recurrence. Histology, sex, stage and survival were significantly associated with intra-tumor densities of CD3, CD8, PD1, TIM3, and CD163 cells in the diagnostic biopsy, and with the delta of CD3, FoxP3, CD4, CD163PD1, TIM3, PDL1 on immune cells and TIM3PDL1 cells, between biopsy and surgical specimen. DFS was significantly associated with high density of CD8+TIM3+ in biopsies (HR = 0.25 [0.09-0.71], p = 0.0092) and with the high density of CD20+ cells in surgical specimen (HR = 0.36 [0.13- 0.97], p = 0.04). The RVT was significantly associated with CK+Caspase3- cells and CK+PDL1+ cells in the surgical specimen. No biomarker was associated with OS. Conclusions: Multiparameter analysis of the immune NSCLC environment of patients treated with neoadjuvant anti- PDL1 allows identification of markers associated with clinical, pathological parameters and DFS. Our findings highlight the substantial impact of high CD8+TIM3+ cell density predurvalumab and of high CD20+ cell density post-durvalumab on DFS. These findings deserve to be assessed in patients treated with neoadjuvant combined immunotherapy chemotherapy.
Multi-institution real world analysis of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with standard of care (SOC) neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (chemoIO); Background: The approval of neoadjuvant chemoIO transformed the treatment paradigm for patients (pts) with early-stage, resectable NSCLC. Here we present a multi-institution, real world analysis of pts treated with neoadjuvant chemoIO as SOC. Methods: This was a retrospective analysis performed across 3 academic institutions. Pts were eligible if they received neoadjuvant chemoIO as SOC therapy for NSCLC with intent to proceed to surgery. Results: 107 pts were included. Median age was 69 (range, 45-84);47%were male and 83%were white>84% were former/current smokers with median 35 pack year history. ECOG scores of 0/1/2 at treatment start were 55%/44%/1%, respectively. Histologies were 65% adenocarcinoma, 27% squamous, and 7% other. PD-L1 scores (in 93% of pts) were ≥ 50% in 30%, and median TMB (in 73% of pts) was 8.2 (range, 0-56). Of tumors with next generation sequencing (81%), 45% had KRAS mutation and 18% had other oncogenic driver present. Pts were clinical stage IB (0.9%), IIA (6%), IIB (24%), IIIA (60%), or IIIB (8%); 47% had N2 disease and 3% had N3. 78% of pts underwent≥3 cycles of chemoIO, with most pts receiving carboplatin (70%). 11 pts (10%) experienced grade ≥ 3 immune-related adverse events, 72% of which were pre-op. 82 pts (77%) proceeded to surgical resection. Of those who did not undergo surgery, 68% were stage III. The most common reason for no surgery was progression (PD)/unresectability (52%), followed by operability (36%) and pt decision (8%). 2 pts (2%) proceeded to surgery but had unresectable tumors. Median interval between last cycle of induction and surgery was 43 days (d) (range, 17-210); median length of stay was 4d (range, 1-21). 5 of 79 (6%) were readmitted within 30d. For pts without resection (27), 48% underwent chemoradiation (CRT), 26% RT alone, and 15% systemic therapy. 29 tumors (36%) demonstrated major pathologic response (MPR); of these, 16 (20%) had pathologic complete response (pCR). 2 pts had no decrement in viable tumor. Of 79 pts with adjuvant treatment data, 11% underwent RT alone, in combination with chemo, or in sequence with systemic therapy; 8% were recommended for RT but declined. 24% had systemic treatment including 14% IO <6%targeted therapy, and4%chemo. 18/107 pts (17%) had PD; 14/18 had stage III disease. PD occurred in 10/25 pts (40%) who did not have surgery; 6 of those had undergone definitive CRT or RT. PD occurred in 8/82 pts (10%) after surgery; of these, 5 had undergone adjuvant treatment at median 58d (range, 33-103). Conclusions: Real world analysis demonstrated older, frailer pts with more advanced disease than those enrolled on trial; lower chemoIO completion rates but comparable pCR and resection rates were seen. Further analyses will focus on outcomes of pts who did not undergo surgery.
Outcomes with perioperative durvalumab (D) in pts with resectable NSCLC and baseline N2 lymph node involvement (N2 R-NSCLC): An exploratory subgroup analysis of AEGEAN; Background: In the phase 3 AEGEAN study (NCT03800134), perioperative D + neoadj chemotherapy (CT) vs neoadj CT alone significantly improved the primary EPs of event-free survival (EFS) and pathological complete response (pCR; absence of residual viable tumor [RVT] in resection specimen, incl. primary tumor and sampled lymph nodes) with manageable safety in pts with R-NSCLC (modified ITT [mITT] population). Here, we report exploratory analyses of pts in AEGEAN with baseline N2 nodal status. Methods: Pts with Tx-naïve R-NSCLC (stage II-IIIB[N2]; AJCC 8th ed) were randomized (1:1) to 4 cycles of platinum-based CT plus D 1500 mg IV or placebo (PBO) Q3W before surgery (Sx), followed by D or PBO (Q4W, 12 cycles) after Sx. The mITT population excluded pts with known EGFR/ALK alterations. Efficacy was assessed in an mITT subpopulation with baseline N2 nodal status (per investigator). Safety was assessed in all N2 R-NSCLC pts who had≥1 Tx dose. Results: Of 740 pts in the mITT population, 366 (49.5%) had baseline N2 nodal status (D, n = 181; PBO, n = 185). In the N2 subgroup, 83.4% in the D arm and 84.9% in the PBO arm completed 4 cycles of platinum-doublet CT; 77.9% and 77.8%, respectively, had Sx; and 73.5% and 71.9% completed Sx. In the N2 subgroup, similar to the overall mITT population, EFS was prolonged in the D vs PBO arm (HR, 0.63 [95% CI: 0.43-0.90]); rates of pCR (16.6% vs 4.9%; difference, 11.7% [95% CI: 5.6-18.4]) and major pathological response (MPR, ≤10% RVT in primary tumor; 32.6% vs 15.1%; difference, 17.5% [95% CI: 8.8-26.0]) were higher in the Dvs PBO arm. While EFS benefit in the D vs PBO arm was similar among pts with single- (HR, 0.61 [95% CI: 0.39-0.94]) or multi-station N2 (HR, 0.69 [95% CI: 0.33-1.38]), pCR benefit was less pronounced in multi-station pts (difference in pCR rate, 13.9% [95% CI: 6.6-21.7] for single-station N2 vs 3.8% [95% CI: -9.2-18.8] for multistation N2). Among pts in the N2 subgroup who had Sx, similar proportions in the D and PBO arms had open (47.5% vs 50.0%) and minimally invasive procedures (50.4% vs 46.5%); 9.2% vs 11.1% had pneumonectomy (9.2% vs 9.6% in the overall mITT population). Of pts in the N2 subgroup who completed Sx, the proportion with R0 resection in the D vs PBO arm (94.7% vs 91.7%) was similar to that in the overall mITT population. Sx was delayed in a similar proportion who had Sx in the D vs PBO arm (19.9% vs 23.6%, respectively), most commonly for logistical reasons (e.g., scheduling issues). Among 394 pts who received Tx (N2 safety analysis subset; D, n = 200; PBO, n = 194), max grade 3/4 any-cause AEs occurred in 38.5% vs 41.8% in the D and PBO arm, respectively, similar to rates in the overall safety analysis set. Conclusions: With clinically meaningful improvement in efficacy, no adverse impact on Sx outcomes and a manageable safety profile, the addition of perioperative D to neoadj CT remains a potential new Tx option for pts with N2 R-NSCLC.
A phase II, two-cohort study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus tislelizumab 6 bevacizumab followed by hypofractionated radiotherapy, concurrent chemotherapy, and consolidative immunotherapy in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (GASTO-1086); Background: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy holds promise for enhancing clinical outcomes in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The assessment of Ki values, derived from dynamic total-body PET/CT scans, has emerged as a crucial determinant of treatment response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. This study investigated the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy6bevacizumab, guided by the Ki value, followed by hypofractionated radiotherapy, concurrent chemotherapy (hypo-CCRT), and consolidative immunotherapy in unresectalbe stage III NSCLC. Methods: Conducted as a phase II, two-cohort trial in patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC, the study involved dynamic total-body [18F] FDG PET/CT scans to derive Ki values from primary tumors. Cohort A, comprising High FDG Ki patients (Ki > 2.779 ml/min/100g), received neoadjuvant therapy with nab-paclitaxel, cisplatin, and tislelizumab 200mg every 3 weeks for 2 cycles. Meanwhile, Cohort B, consisting of Low FDG Ki patients (Ki ≤ 2.779 ml/min/100g), received nab-paclitaxel, cisplatin, tislelizumab 200mg, and bevacizumab 7.5mg/kg every 3 weeks for 2 cycles. Subsequently, hypo-CCRT was administered, and patients without disease progression and grade (G) 2+ pneumonitis received consolidative tislelizumab 200mg every 3 weeks for up to 12 months. Objective response rate (ORR) and toxicities were analyzed, with the trial registered under ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT05468242. Results: Enrollment occurred between July 21, 2022, and Nov 10th, 2023, with 29 patients in cohort A and 26 in cohort B. Cohort B exhibited a higher proportion of stage IIIC patients compared to cohort A (57.7% vs. 20.7%, P = 0.019). Post-neoadjuvant therapy, ORRs were 89.7% (26/29) in cohort A and 92.3% (24/26) in cohort B. Following hypo-CCRT, ORRs increased to 96.6% (28/29) in cohort A and 92.3% (24/26) in cohort B. During neoadjuvant therapy, G3 leukopenia occurred in 3.4% (1/29) of cohort A, with no G3+ toxicities in cohort B. In the hypo-CCRT phase, G3 neutropenia and G2 pneumonitis were observed in both cohorts (G3 neutropenia: 3.4% in cohort Avs. 3.8% in cohort B; G2 pneumonitis: 6.9% in cohort A vs. 7.7% in cohort B), with no Grade 3+ adverse events during the consolidative tislelizumab phase. Conclusions: The Ki value derived from dynamic total-body FDG PET/CT proved instrumental in guiding the addition of bevacizumab to neoadjuvant therapy. Both cohorts exhibited promising responses to neoadjuvant therapy, suggesting that neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus tislelizumab ± bevacizumab, followed by hypo-CCRT and consolidative tislelizumab, is effective and well-tolerated for unresectable, stage III NSCLC patients. Longer follow-up is essential to validate these findings.
Association of pathological response with long-term survival outcomes after neoadjuvant immunotherapy: A meta-analysis; Background: Complete pathological response (pCR) and major pathological response (MPR) have been proven to have a close association with improved event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) for patients accepting chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy. However, further study focusing on neoadjuvant immunotherapy is limited. Here we provided an updated and comprehensive evaluation of the association between pathological response and long-term survival outcomes at patient level and trial level for neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Methods: We systematically searched and assessed studies in PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library and relevant conference abstracts from inception to June 1, 2023. Studies reported EFS/OS results by pCR/MPR status were eligible. Results: Forty-three studies comprising a total of 4100 patients were eligible for the analysis, which included 39 studies for the patient-level analysis and 5 randomized controlled trials for the trial-level analysis. Our results highlighted that pCR was associated with improved EFS (HR, 0.48 [95 % CI, 0.39–0.60]) and OS (HR, 0.55 [95 % CI, 0.41–0.74]). The magnitude of HRs by MPR status were similar to the results by pCR status (EFS HR, 0.31 [95 % CI, 0.18–0.53]) and OS HR, 0.43 [95 % CI, 0.19–0.96]). However, no association between pCR and EFS at trial level was found (P = 0.8, R2 = 0). Conclusion: Our meta-analysis demonstrates a strong association between pathological response and long-term survival outcomes at patient level across studies applying neoadjuvant immunotherapy in most solid tumors but we fail to validate the relationship at trial level. Therefore, an accepted surrogate endpoint applied to both patient and trial levels are waited for further search.
Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy for NSCLC: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Importance: To date, no meta-analyses have comprehensively assessed the association of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy with clinical outcomes in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in randomized and nonrandomized settings. In addition, there exists controversy concerning the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for patients with NSCLC with programmed cell death 1 ligand 1 (PD-L1) levels less than 1%. Objective: To compare neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy with chemotherapy by adverse events and surgical, pathological, and efficacy outcomes using recently published randomized clinical trials and nonrandomized trials. Data Sources: MEDLINE and Embase were systematically searched from January 1, 2013, to October 25, 2023, for all clinical trials of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and chemotherapy that included at least 10 patients. Study Selection: Observational studies and trials reporting the use of neoadjuvant radiotherapy, including chemoradiotherapy, molecular targeted therapy, or immunotherapy monotherapy, were excluded. Main Outcomes and Measures: Surgical, pathological, and efficacy end points and adverse events were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Among 43 eligible trials comprising 5431 patients (4020 males [74.0%]; median age range, 55-70 years), there were 8 randomized clinical trials with 3387 patients. For randomized clinical trials, pooled overall survival (hazard ratio, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.54-0.79; I2 = 0%), event-free survival (hazard ratio, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.52-0.67; I2 = 14.9%), major pathological response (risk ratio, 3.42; 95% CI, 2.83-4.15; I2 = 31.2%), and complete pathological response (risk ratio, 5.52; 95% CI, 4.25-7.15; I2 = 27.4%) favored neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy over neoadjuvant chemotherapy. For patients with baseline tumor PD-L1 levels less than 1%, there was a significant benefit in event-free survival for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy compared with chemotherapy (hazard ratio, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.62-0.89; I2 = 0%). Conclusion and Relevance: This study found that neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was superior to neoadjuvant chemotherapy across surgical, pathological, and efficacy outcomes. These findings suggest that patients with resectable NSCLC with tumor PD-L1 levels less than 1% may have an event-free survival benefit with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy.
Perioperative Nivolumab in Resectable Lung Cancer; Standard treatment with neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy significantly improves outcomes in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Perioperative treatment (i.e., neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery and adjuvant therapy) with nivolumab may further improve clinical outcomes. METHODS In this phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial, we assigned adults with resectable stage IIA to IIIB NSCLC to receive neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy or neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus placebo every 3 weeks for 4 cycles, followed by surgery and adjuvant nivolumab or placebo every 4 weeks for 1 year. The primary outcome was event-free survival according to blinded independent review. Secondary outcomes were pathological complete response and major pathological response ac¬cording to blinded independent review, overall survival, and safety. RESULTS At this prespecified interim analysis (median follow-up, 25.4 months), the percent¬age of patients with 18-month event-free survival was 70.2% in the nivolumab group and 50.0% in the chemotherapy group (hazard ratio for disease progression or recurrence, abandoned surgery, or death, 0.58; 97.36% confidence interval [CI], 0.42 to 0.81; P<0.001). A pathological complete response occurred in 25.3% of the patients in the nivolumab group and in 4.7% of those in the chemotherapy group (odds ratio, 6.64; 95% CI, 3.40 to 12.97); a major pathological response occurred in 35.4% and 12.1%, respectively (odds ratio, 4.01; 95% CI, 2.48 to 6.49). Grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 32.5% of the patients in the nivolumab group and in 25.2% of those in the chemotherapy group. CONCLUSIONS Perioperative treatment with nivolumab resulted in significantly longer event-free survival than chemotherapy in patients with resectable NSCLC. No new safety signals were observed. (Funded by Bristol Myers Squibb; CheckMate 77T ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT04025879.).
Immunotherapy in resectable NSCLC: Answering the question or questioning the answer?; As immunotherapy makes its way into the perioperative setting, a growing number of clinical trials are expanding the evidence base for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) management. Identifying the optimal treatment pattern—whether it's neoadjuvant, adjuvant, or a combination of both—is a crucial next step, particularly in pinpointing which patients benefit the most. This decision-making process requires a multi-disciplinary treatment team capable of utilizing tissue and plasma genomic testing to inform therapeutic choices. Leveraging the perioperative treatment platform, it remains pivotal to integrate circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) monitoring into clinical trial design efficiently and provide clear guidance on treatment.
Impact of travel distance on receipt of indicated adjuvant therapy in resected non–small cell lung cancer; Objective: We have previously demonstrated the negative impact of travel distance on adherence to surveillance imaging guidelines for resected non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The influence of patient residential location on adherence to recommended postoperative treatment plans remains unclear. We sought to characterize the impact of travel distance on receipt of indicated adjuvant therapy in resected NSCLC. Methods: We performed a single-institution, retrospective review of patients with stage II-III NSCLC who underwent upfront pulmonary resection, 2012-2016. Clinicopathologic and operative/perioperative details of treatment were collected. Travel distance was measured from patients' homes to the operative hospital. Our primary outcome was receipt of adjuvant systemic or radiotherapy. Travel distance was stratified as <100 or >100 miles. Multivariable logistic regression was performed. Results: In total, 391 patients met inclusion criteria, with mean age of 65.9 years and fairly even sex distribution (182 women, 49.2%). Most patients were Non-Hispanic White (n = 309, 83.5%), and most frequent clinical stage was II (n = 254, 64.9%). Indicated adjuvant therapy was received by 266 (71.9%), and median distance traveled was 209 miles (interquartile range, 50.7-617). Multivariate analysis revealed that longer travel distance was inversely associated with receipt of indicated adjuvant therapy (odds ratio, 0.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.06-0.26; P < .001). In addition, Black patients were less likely to receive appropriate treatment (odds ratio, 0.05; 95% confidence interval, 0.02-0.15; P < .001). Conclusions: Travel distance >100 miles negatively impacts the likelihood of receiving indicated adjuvant therapy in NSCLC. Indications for systemic therapy in earlier staged disease are rapidly expanding, and these findings bear heightened relevance as we aim to provide equitable access to all patients.
The Clinical Outcomes of Thoracoscopic Versus Open Lobectomy for Non–Small-Cell Lung Cancer After Neoadjuvant Therapy: A Multi-Center Retrospective Cohort Study; Background: The safety and efficacy of video-assisted thoracic surgical (VATS) versus open lobectomy for non–small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) following neoadjuvant therapy remained controversial. The aim of this study was to compare the outcomes of VATS with those of open lobectomy for NSCLC after neoadjuvant therapy. Methods: Patients who had undergone VATS or open lobectomy for NSCLC following neoadjuvant therapy in nine hospitals in China from July 2014 to July 2020 were retrospectively reviewed. The clinical characteristics and overall survival (OS) of patients were analyzed using Cox regression models and propensity score matching. Results: We identified 685 patients, 436 (63.6%) who had undergone VATS lobectomy and 249 (36.4%) who had undergone open lobectomy. Patients who had undergone VATS lobectomy tended to have had fewer nodes removed than those who had undergone open lobectomy. However, compared with open group, the VATS group had a better perioperative outcome, such as smaller blood loss volumes and shorter postoperative stays. The groups had a similar operation durations and postoperative complications, and there was a nonsignificant difference between their 30-day mortality rates. After propensity score matching, there was no significant different between the OS of the groups, and only postoperative adjuvant therapy was associated with worse OS. Conclusion: This multi-center analysis of patients with NSCLC who had undergone surgery subsequent to neoadjuvant therapy reveals that VATS lobectomy tended to have a better perioperative outcome, and have a similar OS compared to open lobectomy. These findings suggest that VATS lobectomy is appropriate for NSCLC following neoadjuvant therapy.
Transitioning to Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Trends and Surgical Outcomes in a Regionalized Pulmonary Oncology Network; Background: Several regulatory agencies have approved the use of the neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy for resectable stage II and III of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and numerous trials investigating novel agents are underway. However, significant concerns exist around the feasibility and safety of offering curative surgery to patients treated within such pathways. The goal in this study was to evaluate the impact of a transition towards a large-scale neoadjuvant therapy program for NSCLC. Methods: Medical charts of patients with clinical stage II and III NSCLC who underwent resection from January 2015 to December 2020 were reviewed. The primary outcome was perioperative complication rate between neoadjuvant-treated versus upfront surgery patients. Multivariable logistic regression estimated occurrence of postoperative complications and overall survival was assessed as an exploratory secondary outcome by Kaplan–Meier and Cox-regression analyses. Results: Of the 428 patients included, 106 (24.8%) received neoadjuvant therapy and 322 (75.2%) upfront surgery. Frequency of minor and major postoperative complications was similar between groups (P = .22). Occurrence in postoperative complication was similar in both cohort (aOR = 1.31, 95% CI 0.73-2.34). Neoadjuvant therapy administration increased from 10% to 45% with a rise in targeted and immuno-therapies over time, accompanied by a reduced rate of preoperative radiation therapy use. 1-, 2-, and 5-year overall survival was higher in neoadjuvant therapy compared to upfront surgery patients (Log-Rank P = .017). Conclusions: No significant differences in perioperative outcomes and survival were observed in resectable NSCLC patients treated by neoadjuvant therapy versus upfront surgery. Transition to neoadjuvant therapy among resectable NSCLC patients is safe and feasible from a surgical perspective.
Is neoadjuvant immunotherapy necessary in patients with programmed death ligand 1 expression-negative resectable non-small cell lung cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical benefit and necessity of neoadjuvant programmed cell death (or ligand) (PD-(L)1) blockades in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with negative PD-L1 expression. Materials and methods: Randomized control trials (RCTs) that compared event-free survival (EFS), overall survival (OS), major pathological response (MPR), and/or pathological complete response (pCR) between neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (nCIT) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy (nCT) for patients with resectable NSCLC stratified by PD-L1 expression were eligible for inclusion in the study. Data regarding the pathological response and EFS were evaluated by the odds ratio (OR) and hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) using random and fixed models. Results: A total of six RCTs involving 3,194 patients with resectable NSCLC with or without neoadjuvant immunotherapy were included. Compared with nCT alone, nCIT significantly improved pCR (18.3 % vs. 3.0 %; OR, 5.64; 95 % CI, 3.22–9.89; P < 0.001), MPR (38.9 % vs. 15.5 %; OR, 3.57; 95 % CI, 2.10–6.05; P < 0.001), and EFS (HR, 0.75; 95 % CI, 0.62–0.90; P = 0.002) in PD-L1 <1 % NSCLC patients. In addition, PD-L1 ≥1 % was associated with higher rates of pCR (32.8 % vs. 18.3 %; OR, 2.28; 95 % CI, 1.40–3.73; P = 0.001) and MPR (53.9 % vs. 38.9 %; OR, 1.84; 95 % CI, 1.22–2.79; P = 004) and longer EFS (HR, 0.44 vs. 0.75) in the setting of nCIT compared with PD-L1 <1 %. nCIT improved only OS in NSCLC patients with PD-L1 ≥1 % but not in patients with PD-L1 <1 %. Conclusions: The use of nCIT should be recommended for resectable NSCLC patients with negative PD-L1 expression, as nCIT significantly improved the pathological response and EFS in these patients. The benefit to PD-L1-negative patients treated with nCIT on OS remains to be validated.
Molecular Diagnostics and Treatment Patterns in Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Patients: Real World Evidence from Greece: LACHESIS Study; Background/Aim: Lung cancer, primarily non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), is the leading cause of cancer deaths globally. In Greece in 2020, 8,960 new cases were reported. NSCLC’s 5-year survival rates range from 54% (stage I) to less than 2% (stage IV); however, innovative therapies like immune check points inhibitors (ICIs) and targeted treatments have notably enhanced outcomes. The aim of this study was to assess the 1st and 2nd line treatment patterns with the introduction of new treatment modalities. Additionally, we evaluated biomarker testing approaches in NSCLC. Patients and Methods: LACHESIS was a retrospective multinational study, collecting and analyzing data from adult patients from Russia, Bulgaria, and Greece with metastatic NSCLC either newly diagnosed or relapsed from earlier stages, who had the option to undergo biomarker testing (genetic alterations/programmed death-ligand 1 protein expression levels, PD-L1), and who received 1st line treatment for squamous (SQ) or non-squamous (N-SQ) NSCLC. Subsequent lines of therapy were also reported. Results: The Greek site registered retrospective data from 250 NSCLC patients, of whom 206 were newly diagnosed (ND) metastatic NSCLC patients and 44 were patients relapsed from earlier stages. Seventy-two had SQ NSCLC and 169 had NSQ NSCLC. For these patients, treatment patterns including immunotherapy±chemotherapy combinations were recorded. Biomarker testing patterns, including genetic alterations and PD-L1 expression levels were also documented. Conclusion: LACHESIS provides treatment patterns and biomarker testing data. Greek patients were treated according to international guidelines, with immunotherapy as a viable option, particularly for PD-L1 levels over 50%. Biomarker testing, crucial for non-squamous (N-SQ) cases, should yield timely results for driver mutations, prioritizing patient benefits.
Perioperative outcomes of robotic versus video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery in non-small cell lung cancer patients after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Background: Limited data are available regarding perioperative outcomes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who undergo robotic-assisted thoracic surgery (RATS) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. This study aimed to compare the perioperative outcomes of RATS and video-assisted thoracic surgery (VATS) in NSCLC patients after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Methods: The study involved consecutive NSCLC patients treated with minimally invasive surgery (MIS) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy at a high-volume single center from September 2020 to October 2022. Short-term effects, including demographic, perioperative and pathological parameters, were compared between the RATS group and the VATS group. Results: A total of 119 patients were included in this study. Of these, 33 (27.7%) patients received RATS and 86 (72.3%) patients received VATS. Major pathological response (MPR) and pathological complete response (pCR) rates were comparable between the two groups. The RATS group had a higher number of dissected lymph nodes (21 vs. 18, P=0.03) and lymph node stations (7 vs. 6, P=0.004) compared with the VATS group but no differences were found in perioperative outcomes. Conclusions: These findings suggest that both RATS and VATS are safe and feasible options for NSCLC patients who have received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Furthermore, RATS may offer advantages over VATS in patients who require a more extensive lymph node dissection.
Adjuvant Pembrolizumab in Patients with Stage IIIA/N2 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Completely Resected after Neoadjuvant Concurrent Chemoradiation: A Prospective, Open-Label, Single-Arm, Phase 2 Trial; Purpose: Optimal treatment for stage IIIA/N2 non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is controversial. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of adjuvant pembrolizumab for stage IIIA/N2 NSCLC completely resected after neoadjuvant concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CCRT). Materials and Methods: In this open-label, single-center, single-arm phase 2 trial, patients with stage IIIA/N2 NSCLC received adjuvant pembrolizumab for up to two years after complete resection following neoadjuvant CCRT. The primary endpoint was disease-free survival (DFS). Secondary endpoints included overall survival (OS) and safety. As an exploratory biomarker analysis, we evaluated the proliferative response of blood CD39+PD-1+CD8+ T cells using fold changes in the percentage of proliferating Ki-67+ cells from days 1 to 7 of cycle 1 (Ki-67D7/D1). Results: Between October 2017 and October 2018, 37 patients were enrolled. Twelve (32%) and three (8%) patients harbored EGFR and ALK alterations, respectively. Of 34 patients with programmed cell death ligand 1 assessment, 21 (62%), 9 (26%), and 4 (12%) had a tumor proportion score of <1%, 1-50%, and ≥50%, respectively. The median follow-up was 71 months. The median DFS was 22.4 months in the overall population, with a five-year DFS rate of 29%. The OS rate was 86% at two years and 76% at five years. Patients with tumor recurrence within six months had a significantly lower Ki-67D7/D1 among CD39+PD-1+CD8+ T cells than those without (p=0.036). No new safety signals were identified. Conclusion: Adjuvant pembrolizumab may offer durable disease control in a subset of stage IIIA/N2 NSCLC patients after neoadjuvant CCRT and surgery.
Delta-radiomics features for predicting the major pathological response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Objectives: To investigate if delta-radiomics features have the potential to predict the major pathological response (MPR) to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Methods: Two hundred six stage IIA-IIIB NSCLC patients from three institutions (Database1 = 164; Database2 = 21; Database3 = 21) who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and surgery were included. Patients in Database1 were randomly assigned to the training dataset and test dataset, with a ratio of 0.7:0.3. Patients in Database2 and Database3 were used as two independent external validation datasets. Contrast-enhanced CT scans were obtained at baseline and before surgery. The delta-radiomics features were defined as the relative net change of radiomics features between baseline and preoperative. The delta-radiomics model and pre-treatment radiomics model were established. The performance of Immune-Related Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (iRECIST) for predicting MPR was also evaluated. Results: Half of the patients (106/206, 51.5%) showed MPR after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. For predicting MPR, the delta-radiomics model achieved a satisfying area under the curves (AUCs) values of 0.768, 0.732, 0.833, and 0.716 in the training, test, and two external validation databases, respectively, which showed a superior predictive performance than the pre-treatment radiomics model (0.644, 0.616, 0.475, and 0.608). Compared with iRECIST criteria (0.624, 0.572, 0.650, and 0.466), a mixed model that combines delta-radiomics features and iRECIST had higher AUC values for MPR prediction of 0.777, 0.761, 0.850, and 0.670 in four sets. Conclusion: The delta-radiomics model demonstrated superior diagnostic performance compared to pre-treatment radiomics model and iRECIST criteria in predicting MPR preoperatively in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for stage II-III NSCLC. Clinical relevance statement: Delta-radiomics features based on the relative net change of radiomics features between baseline and preoperative CT scans serve a vital support tool in accurately identifying responses to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, which can help physicians make more appropriate treatment decisions. Key Points: • The performances of pre-treatment radiomics model and iRECIST model in predicting major pathological response of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were unsatisfactory. • The delta-radiomics features based on relative net change of radiomics features between baseline and preoperative CT scans may be used as a noninvasive biomarker for predicting major pathological response of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. • Combining delta-radiomics features and iRECIST can further improve the predictive performance of responses to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy.
Surgical outcomes after chemotherapy plus nivolumab and chemotherapy plus nivolumab and ipilimumab in patients with non–small cell lung cancer; Objective: Chemotherapy plus nivolumab is the standard of care neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable stage IB to IIIA non–small cell lung cancer. The influence of dual checkpoint blockade with chemotherapy on surgical outcomes remains unknown. We aimed to determine operative complexity and perioperative outcomes associated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and nivolumab with or without ipilimumab. Methods: A total of 44 patients with stage IB (≥4 cm) to IIIA non–small cell lung cancer were treated on sequential platform arms of the NEOSTAR trial. A total of 22 patients were treated with nivolumab + chemotherapy, and 22 patients were treated with ipilimumab + nivolumab + chemotherapy. The safety of surgical resection after neoadjuvant therapy was estimated using 30-day complication rates. Operative reports and surgeons' narratives were evaluated to determine procedural complexity and operative conduct. Results: All 22 of 22 patients (100%) treated with nivolumab + chemotherapy underwent surgical resection: 20 R0 (90.9%), 17 (77.3%) lobectomies, 1 wedge resection, 2 segmentectomies, and 2 pneumonectomies. The majority, 21 of 22 (95%), were performed by thoracotomy. A total of 13 of 22 (59.1%) were rated as challenging resections. A total of 4 of 22 patients (18.2%) experienced grade 3 or greater Clavien-Dindo complication. A total of 20 of 22 patients (90.9%) treated with ipilimumab + nivolumab + chemotherapy underwent surgical resection: 19 R0 (95%), 18 (90%) lobectomies, 1 pneumonectomy, and 1 segmentectomy. A total of 16 of 20 (80%) resections were performed via thoracotomy, 3 of 20 (15%) via robotics, and 1 of 20 (5%) via thoracoscopy. A total of 9 of 20 (45%) resections were considered challenging. A total of 4 of 20 patients (20%) experienced grade 3 or greater Clavien-Dindo complication. Conclusions: Surgical resections are feasible and safe, with high rates of R0 after neoadjuvant chemotherapy and nivolumab with or without ipilimumab. Overall, approximately half of cases (22/42, 52.3%) were considered to be more challenging than a standard lobectomy.
An Updated Review of Management of Resectable Stage III NSCLC in the Era of Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy; Immune-checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have an established role in the treatment of locally advanced and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). ICIs have now entered the paradigm of early-stage NSCLC. The recent evidence shows that the addition of ICI to neoadjuvant chemotherapy improves the pathological complete response (pCR) rate and survival rate in early-stage resectable NSCLC and is now a standard of care option in this setting. In this regard, stage III NSCLC merits special consideration, as it is heterogenous and requires a multidisciplinary approach to management. As the neoadjuvant approach is being adopted widely, new challenges have emerged and the boundaries for resectability are being re-examined. Consequently, it is ever more important to carefully individualize the treatment strategy for each patient with resectable stage III NSCLC. In this review, we discuss the recent literature in this field with particular focus on evolving definitions of resectability, T4 disease, N2 disease (single and multi-station), and nodal downstaging. We also highlight the controversy around adjuvant treatment in this setting and discuss the selection of patients for adjuvant treatment, options of salvage, and next line treatment in cases of progression on/after neoadjuvant treatment or after R2 resection. We will conclude with a brief discussion of predictive biomarkers, predictive models, ongoing studies, and directions for future research in this space.
Comparison of different criteria for estimating major pathological response in resectable non-small cell lung cancer treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Background: Major pathological response (MPR) is proposed as a surrogate endpoint for survival in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. However, the criteria for estimating MPR differ between the recommendations of the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC) and the immune-related pathologic response criterion (irPRC). IASLC's criteria focus solely on evaluating the primary tumor, while irPRC's criteria encompass both the primary tumor and lymph node metastasis. Our objective is to compare the prognostic value of different criteria for estimating MPR. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study on a cohort of 235 patients with NSCLC after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. The survival endpoint was event-free survival (EFS). The MPR status of each patient was evaluated using both IASLC's criteria and irPRC's criteria. The prognostic value was compared using the Area Under Curve (AUC). Results: The MPR rates were 63.4 % (149/235) and 57.4 % (135/235) according to IASLC's and irPRC's criteria, respectively. Inconsistent cases, characterized by MPR status according to IASLC's criteria but non-MPR status according to irPRC's criteria, constituted 6.0 % (14/235) of the overall cohort and 15.2 % (14/92) of patients with pretreatment N positive disease. Interestingly, all inconsistent patients showed no recurrence during the study period. Although both MPR statuses according to IASLC (p = 0.00039) and irPRC (p = 0.0094) were associated with improved EFS, IASLC's criteria (AUC = 0.65) were superior to irPRC's criteria (AUC = 0.62) with a higher AUC value. Conclusion: IASLC's criteria for estimating MPR were superior to irPRC's criteria in predicting EFS for NSCLC after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy.
Tumor microenvironment(TME) and single-source dual-energy CT(ssDECT) on assessment of inconformity between RECIST1.1 and pathological remission in neoadjuvant immunotherapy of NSCLC; Background: The inconformity (IC) between pathological and imaging remissions after neoadjuvant immunotherapy in patients with NSCLC can affect the evaluation of curative effect of neoadjuvant therapy and the decision regarding the chance of surgery. Materials and methods: Patients who achieved disease control(CR/PR/SD) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy from a clinical trial (NCT04326153) and after neoadjuvant chemotherapy during the same period were enrolled in this study. All patients underwent radical resection and systematic mediastinal lymphadenectomy after neoadjuvant treatments. The pathological remission, immunohistochemistry (CD4, CD8, CD20, CD56, FoxP3, CD68, CD163, CD11b tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, or macrophages), and single-source dual-energy computed tomography (ssDECT) scans were assessed. The IC between imaging remission by CT and pathological remission was investigated. The underlying cause of IC, the correlation between IC and DFS, and prognostic biomarkers were explored. Results: After neoadjuvant immunotherapy, enhanced immune killing and reduced immunosuppressive performance were observed. 70 % of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy patients were in high/medium IC level. Massive necrosis and repair around and inside the cancer nest were the main pathological changes observed 30–45 days post-treatment with PD1/PD-L1 antibody and were the main causes of IC between the pathology and imaging responses after neoadjuvant immunotherapy. High IC and preoperative CD8 expression (H score ≥ 3) indicate a high pathological response rate and prolonged DFS. Iodine material density ssDECT images showed that the iodine content in the lesion causes hyperattenuation in post-neoadjuvant lesion in PCR patient. Conclusions: Compared to chemotherapy and targeted therapy, the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy was underestimated based on the RECIST criteria due to the unique antitumor therapeutic mechanism. Preoperative CD8+ expression and ssDECT predict this IC and evaluate the residual tumor cells. This is of great significance for screening immune beneficiaries and making more accurate judgments about the timing of surgery.
Perioperative immune checkpoint blockades improve prognosis of resectable non-small cell lung cancer; OBJECTIVES: Immune checkpoint blockades (ICB) have been proven to improve prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer in the neoadjuvant setting, while whether its perioperative use could bring extra benefit remained unidentified. We aimed to demonstrate the prognostic benefit of perioperative ICB over preoperative-only use and investigate who could benefit from this 'sandwich ICB therapy'. METHODS: Patients undergoing neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery from 2018 to 2022 were retrospectively reviewed, and were divided into 4 groups based on the perioperative regimens: pre-ICB post-computed tomography (CT), pre-ICB-only, pre-CT post- ICB and pre-CT-only. Treatment-related adverse events, surgical outcomes, therapeutic response, recurrence-free survival and overall survival were compared. RESULTS: Of 214 enrolled patients with preoperative therapy, 108 underwent immunochemotherapy and 106 underwent platinum- based chemotherapy. Compared with preoperative chemotherapy, preoperative immunochemotherapy was demonstrated with significantly higher major pathologic response (57/108 vs 12/106) and pathologic complete response (35/108 vs 4/106) rates with comparable adverse events. Regarding survival, perioperative ICB significantly improved the recurrence-free survival [versus pre-CT-only hazard ratio (HR) 0.15; 95% CI 0.09-0.27; versus pre-ICB-only HR 0.36; 95% CI 0.15-0.88] and overall survival (versus pre-CT-only HR 0.24; 95% CI 0.08-0.68). In patients without major pathologic response, perioperative ICB was observed to decrease the risk of recurrence (HR 0.31; 95% CI 0.11-0.83) compared with preoperative ICB, and was an independent prognostic factor (P<0.05) for recurrence-free survival. CONCLUSIONS: Perioperative ICB showed promising efficacy in improving pathological response and survival outcomes of resectable non-small cell lung cancer. For patients without major pathologic response after resection followed by preoperative ICB, sequential ICB treatment could be considered.
Facts and Hopes in Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy: Current Approvals and Emerging Evidence; In 2021 and 2022, two immune checkpoint inhibitors received FDA approval in the neoadjuvant setting for the treatment of earlystage triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Several more studies have since indicated the benefits, and challenges, of administering neoadjuvant immunotherapy prior to definitive surgery in the gastrointestinal, head and neck, and cutaneous realms. In addition, numerous ongoing phase II and phase III trials are investigating outcomes of neoadjuvant immune treatment in early-stage disease. As such, it is anticipated that more immune checkpoint inhibitors will receive approval for various neoadjuvant indications in the next several years. Medical oncologists, surgeons, and other providers in a multidisciplinary cancer care team will be presented with alternate treatment paradigms and clinical decisions regarding upfront surgery versus neoadjuvant treatment. Here, we describe the current evidence supporting use of immune checkpoint inhibitors for neoadjuvant treatment, ongoing studies, and clinical considerations of this treatment approach.
126 Exploring Real-World Treatment Patterns and Outcomes in Stage IIIA N2 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC); Introduction Stage IIIA N2 NSCLC presents a significant clinical challenge, with suboptimal survival rates despite therapeutic advancements, highlighting the need for more effective treatments. Methods This non-randomised retrospective study analysed 143 consecutive T1/2 N2 (TNM 8th edition) NSCLC patients, treated with curative intent, from 2015 to 2021. Patients were divided into: Group A (30 patients) underwent surgery for clinical N2; Group B (59 patients) received (chemo)radiotherapy for clinical N2; and Group C (54 patients) had unsuspected N2 disease at surgery. PET +/- EBUS (73%) was used to diagnose clinical N2 disease. Median follow-up was 26 months. Results In Group A, 73% had single-station and 27% had multi-station N2 disease at surgery, with 20% receiving neoadjuvant and 50% adjuvant treatment. Recurrence rate was 63%. In Group B, 47 underwent chemoradiotherapy and 12 had radiotherapy alone; 6 received adjuvant Durvalumab. Among them, 71% had single-station N2 disease. Recurrence rate was 66%. Comparing surgery and (chemo) radiotherapy (Groups A + C Vs B), median overall survival (OS) was 36 versus 25 months (p = 0.785). Disease-free survival (DFS) was 20 versus 17 months (p = 0.878). In Group C, where unsuspected N2 disease was found at surgery, EBUS was used with PET in 15%. Adjuvant treatments were administered to 74%, with a recurrence rate of 70%. When assessing each group individually (Group Avs B vs C), median OS was 32 vs 25 vs 36 months (p = 0.746), and median DFS was 16 vs 17 vs 22 months (p = 0.802). [Formula presented] Conclusion This study provides a historical baseline for traditional treatments in T1/2 N2 NSCLC. No significant differences in DFS or OS were observed among patient groups. This data is vital for assessing emerging therapies, like neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy for resectable disease and Durvalumab after chemoradiotherapy. These insights could inform future therapy strategies, aiding efforts to improve NSCLC treatment outcomes. Disclosure No significant relationships.
81 Evaluation of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy for operable non-small cell lung cancer: clinical outcomes and impact on service delivery; Background Checkmate 816 has established a new standard of care for operable NSCLC, combining neoadjuvant nivolumab with 3 cycles of platinum-based chemotherapy, granted approval in the UK in March 2023. This represents a shift in practice from traditional adjuvant treatment, with implications for patient care and service delivery. [Formula presented] Methods We conducted a retrospective analysis of patients receiving neoadjuvant nivolumab plus platinum doublet chemotherapy at our centre from March–December 2023. Primary objective was additional unplanned clinical contacts, secondary objectives including safety and surgical outcomes. Results 13 patients included, 10/13 (76.9%) adenocarcinoma; 3/13 (23.1%) squamous cell carcinoma. 6/13 (46.1%) stage IIB, 3/13 (23.1%) stage IIIA and 4/13 (30.8%) stage IIIB. All patients had documented operable status discussed in MDT at baseline; 50% of patients had both PDL1, ALK and EGFR available to clinician at time of first oncology consultation. Face to face surgical review was conducted in 5/13 (38.5%) at baseline, 2/13 (15.4%) after cycle 2, and 6/13 (46.1%) after cycle 3. None had grade 3/4 toxicity; 4/13 (30.7%) required dose reduction and additional 9 unplanned contacts in total were required (4 additional clinic reviews, 5 additional blood tests).12/13 (92.3%) underwent surgery within 6 weeks of treatment completion, 1 patient had disease progression and did not proceed to surgery. Of operated patients there were no unexpected post-operative complications. 6/12 (50%) had VATS while remainder had open thoracotomy. Compared to pre-operative staging, 6/12 (50%) were downstaged pathologically of which 2/12 (16.7%) had pCR; 2/12 (16.7%) had unchanged staging and 4/12 (33.3%) were upstaged. 1 patient had adjuvant radiotherapy for R1 resection. Conclusion Real world data in our centre is comparable with published trial data, although pathway issues around availability of biomarker data and timing of surgical review were highlighted. There was no grade 3–4 toxicity and a small increase in unplanned clinical activity. Disclosure No significant relationships.
198 Early experience with neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and it's safety and efficacy; Introduction Nice recommendations from March 2023 advocate the use of neoadjuvant nivolumab with chemotherapy in adults with resectable node positive NSCLC or NSCLC ≥4 cm, based on clinical effectiveness from CheckMate 816. We present our early experience of operated patients following introduction of this pathway at our unit. Methods All eligible patients were discussed at lung cancer multidisciplinary team meetings and reviewed by Oncology and Thoracic teams at diagnosis. All operated patients were included in our series. Data was collected from electronic hospital records. Results 10 patients underwent surgery between May 2023 and January 2024 across 4 thoracic surgeons. 7 patients had tumours ≥4 cm, 1 patient had single station N2 disease and 2 patients had tumours ≥4 cm and N2 disease. 70% were male with a median age of 69 (range 48 to 77). 70% of tumours were squamous cell carcinoma and 30% adenocarcinoma. 90% of patients had immunotherapy with nivolumab in combination with 2 chemotherapy agents. Restaging was performed prior to surgical resection with complete response noted in 20%, partial in 40% and stable disease in 40% of patients using the RECIST criteria. 50% of cases were open from the start with 1 thoracotomy conversion due to bleeding (Clavien-Dindo IV). 9 patients had a lobectomy, with 1 requiring pneumonectomy. Median length of stay was 7 days for open procedures, and 4 days for minimally invasive procedures, higher than our unit averages. 40% of patients had <10% tumour cells on final histopathology. All patients achieved R0 resection. Conclusions Evaluating our early experience of this pathway upholds patient safety allowing reflection of anaesthetic and surgical considerations for this group of patients. Our data shows favourable short-term oncological outcomes and safety with 0% mortality reported to date. Only 40% of cases were performed by minimally invasive techniques compared to the unit average of 79% for lung resections. Disclosure No significant relationships.
Colon cancer: the 2023 Korean clinical practice guidelines for diagnosis and treatment; Colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer in Korea and the third leading cause of death from cancer. Treatment outcomes for colon cancer are steadily improving due to national health screening programs with advances in diagnostic methods, surgical techniques, and therapeutic agents. The Korea Colon Cancer Multidisciplinary (KCCM) Committee intends to provide professionals who treat colon cancer with the most up-to-date, evidence-based practice guidelines to improve outcomes and help them make decisions that reflect their patients’ values and preferences. These guidelines have been established by consensus reached by the KCCM Guideline Committee based on a systematic literature review and evidence synthesis and by considering the national health insurance system in real clinical practice settings. Each recommendation is presented with a recommendation strength and level of evidence based on the consensus of the committee.
The phase 3 INTerpath-002 study design: Individualized neoantigen therapy (INT) V940 (mRNA-4157) plus pembrolizumab vs placebo plus pembrolizumab for resected earlystage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Pembrolizumab (pembro; anti-PD-1) is indicated as adjuvant monotherapy following resection and adjuvant chemotherapy in patients (pts) with stage IB (T2a ≥4 cm), II, or IIIA NSCLC (per AJCC v7). However, many pts experience disease recurrence, and have limited treatment options available. V940 (mRNA-4157) is a novel individualized neoantigen therapy that encodes up to 34 neoantigens that is specifically tailored and manufactured for each pt derived from their tumor. V940 as monotherapy and in combination with pembro has shown preliminary antitumor activity in the phase 1 KEYNOTE-603 study in several solid tumor types, including NSCLC. Additionally, in pts with completely resected, high-risk stage IIIB/C/D and IV cutaneous melanoma in the KEYNOTE-942 primary analysis, V940 plus pembro demonstrated significant improvements in recurrence-free survival (HR, 0.561 [95% CI, 0.309-1.017]; P = 0.0266) and distant metastasis-free survival (HR, 0.347 [95% CI, 0.145-0.828]; P = 0.0063) vs pembro alone. Here we present the design of the phase 3, randomized, double-blind INTerpath-002 study (NCT06077760) of adjuvant V940 plus pembro vs placebo plus pembro in pts with completely resected and chemotherapy-treated stage II-IIIB (N2) NSCLC (AJCC v8). Methods: Eligible pts aged ≥18 years with completely resected stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2) squamous or nonsquamous NSCLC (per AJCC v8.0) where EGFR-directed therapy is not indicated as primary therapy (ie, absence of sensitizing EGFR mutations e.g. DEL19 or L858R), who have received 1-4 doses of adjuvant platinum-doublet chemotherapy, have ECOG PS 0 or 1, and have available tumor tissue for next-generation sequencing and PD-L1 testing will be enrolled. Pts must not have received previous neoadjuvant therapy for NSCLC and must not have received or be candidates for adjuvant radiotherapy. Pts will be randomized 1:1 to receive V940 1 mg IM or placebo Q3W for up to 9 doses plus pembro 400 mg IV Q6W for up to 9 cycles or until disease recurrence, pt withdrawal, unacceptable toxicity, or an additional malignancy requiring treatment. Randomization will be stratified by histology (squamous vs nonsquamous), PD-L1 TPS (<1% vs 1%-49% vs ≥50%), disease stage (II vs III), and geographic location (North America/Western Europe/Australia vs rest of world). The primary endpoint is disease-free survival per investigator review. Secondary endpoints include distant metastasis-free survival per investigator assessment, OS, lung cancer-specific survival, patientreported outcomes, and safety. Tumor imaging will occur at baseline, every 12 wk until wk 48, every 24 wk through year 3, and every 48 wk thereafter. Enrollment began in October 2023 and is ongoing globally (NCT06077760).
Associations of ctDNA levels during neoadjuvant treatment with pathological response in patients with resectable NSCLC from the phase 3 AEGEAN trial; Background: In AEGEAN, perioperative durvalumab (D) + neoadjuvant (neoadj) chemotherapy (CT) significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) and event-free survival (primary endpoints), and major pathological response (MPR; key secondary endpoint), with manageable safety vs neoadj CT alone in patients with resectable NSCLC. We report exploratory ctDNA analyses during neoadj treatment (Tx) and associations of ctDNA dynamics and clearance with pathological response, including pCR, MPR and percentage residual viable tumor (%RVT). Methods: AEGEAN is a doubleblind placebo (PBO)-controlled study (NCT03800134). Adults with Tx-naïve resectable NSCLC (stage II-IIIB[N2]; AJCC 8th ed) were randomized (1:1) to receive neoadj CT + D or PBO IV (Q3W, 4 cycles) prior to surgery (Sx), followed by D or PBO IV (Q4W, 12 cycles), respectively, after Sx. Evaluable resected samples from patients in the modified intent-to-treat (mITT) population (patients without known EGFR/ALK aberrations) were assessed centrally for %RVT and determination of pCR (absence of any RVT in resection specimen, including primary tumor and all sampled lymph nodes) and MPR (≤10% RVT in primary tumor) per IASLC recommendations. Plasma samples were collected prior to each neoadj Tx cycle (at baseline [BL], C2D1, C3D1, and C4D1) and before Sx. ctDNA analysis was performed using patient-specific, tumor-informed assays, following identification of mutations in Tx-naïve, diagnostic biopsies by whole exome sequencing. ctDNA variant allele fractions (VAFs; mutant sequences as a % of total sequence reads at ctDNA panel sites) and dynamics, including ctDNA clearance, were assessed during neoadj Tx, and their potential associations with pCR, MPR, or %RVT were evaluated. Results: ctDNA was evaluated in 831 samples from 186 patients (D arm, n=90; PBO arm, n=96) in the mITT population from the interim pCR analysis cohort (n=402). ctDNA dynamics were assessed during neoadj Tx in relation to whether patients had a pathological response at surgery; patients without surgery were designated as non-responders. BL VAF levels were not significantly different between patients who had tumors with vs without pCR (D arm, P=0.09; PBO arm, P=0.7) or MPR (D arm, P=0.4; PBO arm, P=0.8); however, on-Tx VAF levels were significantly lower in the D arm from C2D1 onwards in patients with vs without pCR (P≤0.001) or MPR (P≤0.01) and in the PBO arm from C3D1 for pCR (P≤0.003) or C2D1 for MPR (P≤0.002). %RVT was significantly lower in patients with vs without ctDNA clearance from C2D1 onwards in the D arm (median, <5% vs ≥30%, P≤0.01) and from C3D1 onwards in the PBO arm (median, 10% vs ≥50%, P≤0.0004). Conclusions: In AEGEAN, reduced VAF levels during neoadj Tx appeared associated with pCR or MPR. Patients in whom ctDNA clearance was observed tended to have a lower %RVT, from C2D1 in the D arm and from C3D1 in the PBO arm.
A signature of enhanced proliferation associated with response and survival to anti-PD-L1 therapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer; In early-stage non-small cell lung cancer, the combination of neoadjuvant anti-PD-L1 and subablative stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) is associated with higher rates of major pathologic response compared to anti-PD-L1 alone. Here, we identify a 140-gene set, enriched in genes characteristic of highly proliferating cells, associated with response to the dual therapy. Analysis of on-treatment transcriptome data indicate roles for T and B cells in response. The 140-gene set is associated with disease-free survival when applied to the combined trial arms. This 140-gene set identifies a subclass of tumors in all 7 of The Cancer Genome Atlas tumor types examined. Worse survival is associated with the 140-gene signature in 5 of these tumor types. Collectively, our data support that this 140-gene set, discovered in association with response to combined anti-PD-L1 and SBRT, identifies a clinically aggressive subclass of solid tumors that may be more likely to respond to immunotherapies.
Neoadjuvant-Adjuvant vs Neoadjuvant-Only PD-1 and PD-L1 Inhibitors for Patients with Resectable NSCLC: An Indirect Meta-Analysis; Importance: Neoadjuvant therapy combining programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) and programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitors with platinum-based chemotherapy has demonstrated significant improvement in pathologic response and survival rates among patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, it remains controversial whether PD-1 blockade therapy given before and after surgery (neoadjuvant-adjuvant treatment) is associated with better outcomes than when given only before surgery (neoadjuvant-only treatment). Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety associated with neoadjuvant-adjuvant anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 therapy with neoadjuvant-only anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 therapy for patients with resectable NSCLC. Data Sources: A systematic search was conducted across databases including PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library, as well as major oncology conferences, through July 31, 2023. Study Selection: Randomized clinical trials comparing neoadjuvant-adjuvant or neoadjuvant-only PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitor therapy vs chemotherapy alone for patients with resectable NSCLC were selected. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guideline, 2 authors independently extracted data. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) were extracted and then pooled through the generic inverse-variance methods. Relative risks (RRs) for treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were derived via the Mantel-Haenszel method. Using chemotherapy as a common comparator, indirect comparisons between neoadjuvant-adjuvant immunotherapy and neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy were conducted using frequentist methods. A random or fixed model was used based on intertrial heterogeneity identified through the Cochran Q test. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was EFS, with secondary outcomes including OS and TRAEs. Results: The study encompassed 4 trials of neoadjuvant-adjuvant immunotherapy and 1 trial of neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy, involving 2385 patients. Direct meta-analysis revealed significant improvements in EFS for both neoadjuvant-adjuvant and neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone. In indirect meta-analysis, the addition of adjuvant immunotherapy to neoadjuvant immunotherapy was not associated with improved EFS (HR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.63-1.30; P =.59) or OS (HR, 1.18; 95% CI, 0.73-1.90; P =.51) compared with neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy. Moreover, the incidence of any grade of TRAEs significantly increased with the addition of adjuvant immunotherapy (RR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.00-1.17; P =.04). Conclusions and Relevance: This meta-analysis suggests that adding PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors in the adjuvant phase to neoadjuvant treatment with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors and chemotherapy may not improve survival outcomes for patients with resectable NSCLC and may be associated with increased adverse events. Future validation of these findings is warranted through head-to-head randomized clinical trials..
Analysis of treatment-related adverse events and wound complications of surgical resection after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer; Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is becoming an increasingly important part of the management of lung cancer to facilitate surgical resection. This study aimed to summarize the treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) and wound complications of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Eligible studies of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for NSCLC were identified from PubMed, Embase and Web of Science. The endpoints mainly included TRAEs and wound complications. Stata18 software was used for statistical analysis with p < 0.05 considered statistically significant. Twenty studies including a total of 1072 patients were eligible for this study. Among the patients who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, the pooled prevalence of any grade TRAEs was 77% (95% confidence interval [CI] [0.64–0.86]), grade 1–2 TRAEs was 77% (95% CI [0.58–0.89]) and grade ≥3 TRAEs was 26% (95% CI [0.16–0.38]). Surgery-related complications rate was 22% (95% CI [0.14–0.33]). Among the wound complications, the pooled rate of air leakage was 10% (95% CI [0.04–0.23]), pulmonary/wound infection was 8% (95% CI [0.05–0.13]), bronchopleural fistula was 8% (95% CI [0.02–0.27]), bronchopulmonary haemorrhage was 3% (95% CI [0.01–0.05]), pneumonia was 5% (95% CI [0.02–0.10]), pulmonary embolism was 1% (95% CI [0.01–0.03]), pleural effusion was 7% (95% CI [0.03–0.14]) and chylothorax was 4% (95% CI [0.02–0.09]). Overall, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC results a high incidence of grade 1–2 TRAEs but a low risk of increasing the incidence of ≥3 grade TRAEs and wound complications. These results need to be confirmed by more large-scale prospective randomized controlled trials and studies.
MAIT cells are associated with responsiveness to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in COPD-associated NSCLC; Background: Patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) experience worse clinical outcomes but respond better to immunotherapy than patients with NSCLC without COPD. Mucosal-associated invariant T (MAIT) cells, a versatile population of innate immune T lymphocytes, have a crucial function in the response to infection and tumors. This study investigated the distribution of MAIT cells in COPD-associated NSCLC and their involvement in the immune response. Methods: Flow cytometry, immunohistochemistry, and immunofluorescence were performed on tissue samples of patients with NSCLC, with or without COPD, treated with or without anti-programmed death 1 (PD1) immunotherapy. MAIT cells were stimulated with 5-OP-RU using a mouse subcutaneous tumor model. Results: Tumors contained significantly more MAIT cells than paraneoplastic tissues, and CD8+ MAIT cells accounted for more than 90% of these cells. Patients with NSCLC and COPD had higher CD8+ MAIT cell counts than those with NSCLC without COPD. Additionally, patients with NSCLC and COPD displayed reduced expression of the activation marker, CD69, and functional markers, granzyme B (GZMB) and interferon γ (IFNγ), and higher expression of the immune exhaustion marker, PD1. Among patients who received immunotherapy, the proportion with a complete or partial response was higher in those with COPD than in those without COPD. In patients with NSCLC and COPD, the major pathologic response (MPR) group had higher MAIT levels than those in the no major pathologic response (NPR) group. In the mouse subcutaneous tumor model stimulation of MAIT cells using 5-OP-RU enhanced the antitumor effects of anti-PD1. Conclusions: In patients with NSCLC and COPD, response to immunotherapy is associated with accumulation of CD8+ MAIT cells showing immune exhaustion. These findings may contribute to innovative approaches for immunotherapy targeting CD8+ MAIT cells.
High Pretreatment DHEA Is Associated with Inferior Immunotherapy Response in Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Sex difference in the immune response may influence patients’ response to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). We conducted a prospective observation study to determine the correlation between pretreatment sex hormone levels and response to ICIs in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Method: Pretreatment plasma samples from 61 patients with newly diagnosed NSCLC prior to ICI therapy were collected. Six sex hormone levels [pyrazole triol, 17 β-estradiol, 5-androstenediol, 3β-androstenediol, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), and S-equol] were measured using liquid chromatography coupled to high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS). Overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) were compared between the high- and low-level groups in the whole cohort. Result: Among the six sex hormones measured, DHEA levels were significantly higher among patients without clinical benefits in the discovery cohort; the remaining sex hormones did not differ significantly. In the whole cohort, median PFS was 22 months for patients with low DHEA levels vs. 3.8 months for those with high DHEA [hazard ratio, 14.23 (95% CI, 4.7–43); p < 0.001]. A significant association was also observed for OS [hazard ratio, 8.2 (95% CI, 2.89–23.35); p < 0.0001]. Conclusions: High pretreatment plasma DHEA levels were associated with poor clinical outcomes for patients with metastatic NSCLC treated with ICIs.
A pilot study on the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant chemo‑adoptive immunotherapy for locally advanced rectal cancer; The safety and efficacy of combination therapy of immune cell therapy and chemotherapy [chemo‑adoptive immunotherapy (CAIT)] for patients with stage IV or recur‑ rent colorectal cancer have been reported. In the present study, the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant CAIT were investigated for preoperative therapy of locally advanced rectal cancer. The study included patients with cT3/T4 or cN (+) rectal adeno‑ carcinoma scheduled for curative surgery. Six patients who consented to participate in the current study were selected as subjects. Neoadjuvant CAIT involves administration of acti‑ vated autologous lymphocytes, αβ T cells, and mFOLFOX6 every 2 weeks for six courses, followed by surgery 4‑6 weeks thereafter. Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events grade 3 neutropenia was observed in one patient. Neoadjuvant CAIT and curative surgery were performed on all the patients. The confirmed response rate was 67%. Downstaging was confirmed in five patients (83%). Regarding histological effects, two patients were grade 1a and four were grade 2. Regarding immunological reactions, both CD4+ and CD8+ T cell infiltration rates increased after treatment in three patients on tumor‑infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) analysis. In peripheral blood analysis, the total lymphocyte count was maintained in all patients, and the CD8+ T cell count increased by ≥3 times on the pretreatment count in two patients but may not be associated with changes in TILs. During the median postoperative follow‑up duration of 24 months, liver and lung metastases occurred in one patient, but all patients survived. In conclusion, neoadjuvant CAIT (αβ T cells + mFOLFOX6) can be safely administered for the treatment of advanced rectal cancer. Verification of the efficacy of comprehensive immune cell therapy, especially the induction of antitumor immunity for the prevention of recurrence, will be maintained. The current study is registered with the Japan Registry of Clinical Trials (jRCT; ID, jRCTc030190248; January 21, 2019).
New systemic treatment paradigms in resectable non-small cell lung cancer and variations in patient access across Europe; The treatment landscape of resectable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is set to change significantly due to encouraging results from randomized trials evaluating neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapy, as well as adjuvant targeted therapy. As of January 2024, marketing authorization has been granted for four new indications in Europe, and regulatory approvals for other study regimens are expected. Because cost-effectiveness and reimbursement criteria for novel treatments often differ between European countries, access to emerging developments may lead to inequalities due to variations in recommended and available lung cancer care throughout Europe. This Series paper (i) highlights the clinical studies reshaping the treatment landscape in resectable early-stage NSCLC, (ii) compares and contrasts approaches taken by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for drug approval to that taken by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and (iii) evaluates the differences in access to emerging treatments from an availability perspective across European countries.
Faecalibacterium prausnitzii enhances tumor response to perioperative nivolumab and chemotherapy; Background: Faecalibacterium prausnitzii is one of the most prevalent commensals within the gut microbiota, being one of the gut's major butyrate-producing bacteria. Recent studies suggest a potential role for F. prausnitzii in exerting anti-tumorigenic effects. Methods: In the context of the phase II NADIM II clinical trial, a total of 81 baseline stool from locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients randomized into the experimental arm (neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy followed by adjuvant nivolumab, n=55) or the control arm (chemotherapy alone, n=26) were collected. DNA was extracted using the QIAamp PowerFecal DNA Kit (Qiagen) and analyzed by QPCR using specific primers for F. prausnitzii strain ATCC 27768. Results: In the experimental arm, the presence of F.prautnizzi was significantly associated with improved overall survival (HR: 0.24; 95CI: 0.08-0.76; P=0.015), and a trend was noted toward progression-free survival (HR: 0.46; 95IC: 0.18-1.19; P=0.1). Specifically, patients with detected F. prausnitzii in their fecal sample (n=46) exhibited a 88% probability of being alive and 68% of having no evidence of disease, compared to 55% and 44%, respectively, in patients with undetectable F. prausnitzii (n=9). Notably, this observation was not evident in the control arm (P=0.425 and P=0.812 for PFS and OS, respectively). A trend was also observed regarding PDL1 expression. The percentage of tumors expressing PD-L1 was 66% in patients with detected F. prausnitzii, compared to of 29% in the F. prausnitzii-negative population (P=0.062). Conclusions: The presence of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii is associated with improve survival outcomes in NSCLC patients with locally advanced disease treated with perioperative nivolumab and chemotherapy. Clinical trial identification: NCT03838159. Legal entity responsible for the study: Spanish Group of Lung Cancer. Funding: This study was funded by Bristol Myers Squibb. The study was also supported by the European Union Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation program under grant agreement no. 875160. In addition, the project received funds from Instituto de Salud Carlos III (ISCIII) PI19/01652, PI21/01500 (Co-funded by European Regional Development Fund/ European Social Fund ‘A way to make Europe’/‘Investing in your future’) and grant RTC2019-007359-1 (BLI- O) from the Ministry of Science and Innovation. A.C-B. is supported by Sara Borrell fellowship grant n° CD19/00170. Instituto de Salud Carlos III (ISCIII). Disclosure: E. Nadal: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Nanostring, Roche, Bristol Myers Squibb and Merck Serono; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Consulting fees: Roche, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck Sharpe & Dohme, Merck Serono, Sanofi, Amgen, Lilly, Pfizer, Takeda, Boehringer Ingelheim and Bayer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: Roche, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck Sharpe & Dohme, Merck Serono, Sanofi, Amgen, Lilly, Pfizer, Takeda, Boehringer Ingelheim and Bayer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Roche, MSD and Pfizer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Apollomics; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Leadership or fiduciary role in other board, society, committee or advocacy group, paid or unpaid: Member of the Steering Committee of the Spanish Lung Cancer Group. J.L. Gonzalez-Larriba: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding:MSD, Janssen-CILAG, AstraZeneca, Roche and MIRATTI; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Consulting fees:MSD, AstraZeneca, MIRATTI and Janssen CILAG; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events:MSD, Roche, BMS, Janssen CILAG and AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Pfeizer, MSD and AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Sanofi and Takeda. A. Martinez-Marti: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca/MedImmune, Bristol Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann La Roche AG, Merck Sharp & Dohme, MSD Oncology and Pfizer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca/MedImmune, Bristol Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann La Roche AG, Merck Sharp & Dohme, MSD Oncology and Pfizer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Expert Testimony: AstraZeneca/MedImmune; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: AstraZeneca/MedImmune, Bristol Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann La Roche AG, Merck Sharp & Dohme, MSD Oncology, Pfizer and Lilly; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca/MedImmune; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Steering Committee Member: AstraZeneca/MedImmune; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Participation on a Data Safety Monitoring Board or Advisory Board: Merck Sharp & Dohme; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Participation on a Data Safety Monitoring Board or Advisory Board: F. Hoffmann La Roche AG and Bristol Myers Squibb. R. Bernabe Caro: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Investigational Grant Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: Roche, BMS, Pfizer, MSD, Amgen, Takeda and AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Takeda, Roche, BMS and AstraZeneca. J. Bosch-Barrera: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Pfizer and Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: BMS, MSD, Sanofi, AstraZeneca, Pfizer and Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Roche and MSD. V. Calvo de Juan: Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: Roche, BMS, MSD, AstraZeneca, Takeda, Pfizer, Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Takeda and Lilly. M.A. Insa Molla: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Pfizer, Amgen and AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Bristol Myers Squibb, Roche, Pfizer, AstraZeneca and Takeda; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Roche and BMS. N. Reguart Aransay: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: Roche, Amgen, Lilly, Sanofi, MSD, BMS, Takeda, Novartis, AstraZeneca and Janssen. J. de Castro Carpeño: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merk Sharp & Dohme, Hoffmann-La Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Consulting fees: AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merk Sharp&Dohme, Hoffmann-LA Roche, Pfizer, Takeda, GSK, Janssen, Sanofi, Bayer and Lilly; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merk Sharp&Dohme, Hoffmann-La Roche, Pfizer, Takeda, Sanofi and Bayer. B. Massuti Sureda: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Consulting fees: Roche, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim and Takeda; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Bristol Myers Squibb, Takeda, Merck Sharpe and Dohme. A. Romero: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Thermofisher Scientific. Bristol Myers Squibb Foundation and Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Patents: nº EP 22 382 701.5 (pending); Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: PI21/01500 (PI), PI19/01652, RTC2019-007359-1 (BLI- O), Bristol Myers Squibb, H2020 European Institute of Innovation and Technology (875160); Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: Illumina, Health in code and Thermofisher. M. Provencio Pulla: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: H2020 European Institute of Innovation and Technology (875160), Instituto de Salud Carlos III (PI19/01652), Instituto de Salud Carlos III (PI21/01500), Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovación (RTC2019-007359-1), Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: BMS, AstraZeneca, MSD, Roche, Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Payment or honoraria for lectures, presentations, speakers bureaus, manuscript writing or educational events: BMS, AstraZeneca, MSD, Roche, Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: BMS, AstraZeneca, MSD, Roche, Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Patents: n° EP 22 382 701.5 (pending). All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Outcomes in patients with resectable stage III NSCLC who did not have definitive surgery after neoadjuvant treatment: Retrospective analysis of the SAKK trials 16/96, 16/00, 16/01, 16/08 and 16/14; Background: The use of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) in a neoadjuvant or perioperative treatment concept emerges as a new standard for patients with resectable stage III NSCLC. There are however concerns about patients who cannot undergo definitive surgery after neoadjuvant treatment. Methods: Data from 499 patients included in the five Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK) trials 16/96, 16/00, 16/01, 16/08, and 16/14 were pooled and outcomes analyzed. These trials were designed for resectable stage III NSCLC. Preoperative treatment consisted of three cycles induction chemotherapy (cisplatin/docetaxel), followed in some patients by neoadjuvant radiotherapy (44 Gy, 22 fractions) (16/00, 16/01, 16/08) and cetuximab (16/08), or durvalumab (16/14). Patients in SAKK 16/14 also had adjuvant durvalumab. Here, we report a retrospective analysis of outcomes in patients who did or did not have definitive surgery. Results: Of 499 patients (N=431 in pre-ICI SAKK trials; N=68 in SAKK 16/14), 102 patients (20.4%) did not have definitive surgery. Cancellation of surgery occurred in a similar proportion of patients with or without neoadjuvant ICI (19% vs. 21%, p=0.9), but R0 resection was achieved in more patients (93% vs. 80%, p=0.024) after neoadjuvant ICI in SAKK 16/14. In the pre-ICI trials (median follow-up: 9.5 years) the 3- and 5-year overall survival (OS) rates were 45% and 37%, while in SAKK 16/14 (mFU: 4.5y) the 3-y OS rate was 70%. The median OS (months) and 3-y OS rate were longer/higher in patients who had definitive surgery compared to those who did not: 43.4 vs. 9.0 and 54% vs. 10% (pre-ICI trials); and NR (67.2-NR) vs. 26.8 and 78% vs. 32% (SAKK 16/14). Reasons for not undergoing definitive surgery by trial and outcomes by subsequent treatment will be presented at the meeting. Conclusions: The proportion of patients with definitive surgery was similar in the pre-ICI and SAKK 16/14 trials, but the R0 resection rate was significantly higher in SAKK 16/14. Prognosis in patients without definitive surgery appears to have improved in the ICI-era. Legal entity responsible for the study: Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK). Funding: Funding directed to David König. Disclosure: S. Cardoso Almeida: Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Janssen-Cilag, Sanofi, BeiGene. T. Finazzi: Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: AstraZeneca, Astellas Pharma, Debiopharm. I. Opitz: Financial Interests, Institutional, Other: Roche, Medtronic; Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca, Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, MSD, Medtronic, Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Proctorship: Intuitive. M.T. Mark: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Role, Consulting fees: Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, MSD, Pfizer, Takeda, Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: AstraZeneca, Roche, Takeda. A. Addeo: Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Sponsor/Funding: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Role: Bristol Myers Squibb, AstraZeneca, Roche, Astellas, Novartis, MSD, Pfizer, Eli Lilly, Amgen, Merck. L.A. Mauti: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Takeda, Bristol Myers Squibb, MSD, Merck, Sanofi, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Regeneron; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Daiichi Sankyo, Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: AstraZeneca, Roche, Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Sponsor/Funding: Gilead; Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Sponsor/Funding: AstraZeneca. S.I. Rothschild: Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca, Merck Serono, Roche Pharma, Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Role: Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly, Janssen, Merck, MSD, Novartis, Otsuka, Pfizer, PharmaMar, Roche Pharma, Roche Diagnostics, Sanofi Aventis, Takeda; Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: Roche Pharma, Bristol Myers Squibb, AstraZeneca, Amgen, MSD, Novartis, Roche Diagnostics, Takeda; Financial Interests, Institutional, Expert Testimony: Roche, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myer Squibb; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Roche Pharma, Eli Lilly, Bristol Myers Squibb, Amgen, AstraZeneca, MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Roche; Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Member, Vice President: Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK); Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Member, Elected member: Swiss Federal Drug Commission (Federal Health Office). M. Pless: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Role: AbbVie, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Roche, Takeda, Eisai Pharma, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Merck; Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: Janssen, Bayer, Nestle, Sanofi, Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Roche, Takeda, Vifor. D. König: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Geistlich-Stucki Stiftung; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Role: AstraZeneca, MSD, Novartis; Financial Interests, Institutional, Speaker’s Bureau: Amgen, Sanofi, Swiss Oncology in Motion, Mirati; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Support for attending meetings and/or travel: Sanofi, Amgen, Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Merck, MSD, PharmaMar, Bristol Myers Squibb. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Efficacy of perioperative/neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy: Pooled analysis of specific subgroups in randomized controlled trials; Background: This study conducts a pooled analysis of efficacy data derived from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the addition of Anti-PD-1 or Anti-PD-L1 agents (ICI) to platinum-based chemotherapy in perioperative/neoadjuvant systemic therapy for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), focusing on specific subgroup efficacy outcomes. Methods: To identify RCTs exploring the efficacy of perioperative or neoadjuvant ICI in resectable NSCLC, databases such as PUBMED, Cochrane, EMBASE, as well as studies presented at ASCO and ESMO congresses until November 15, 2023, were screened. Pooled analyses for pCR and EFS were performed according to specific subgroups including age (<65 vs >65), sex, smoking status (current or former vs never), histology (squamous vs non-squamous), stage (II vs III), type of platinum agent used (cisplatin vs carboplatin) and PD-L1 levels (<1%, 1-49% vs >50%). Results: Seven RCTs comprising 2,934 patients (AEGEAN, KEYNOTE-671, Neotorch, NADIM II, CheckMate-77T, CheckMate-816, and TD-FOREKNOW) were included in this analysis. The pooled analysis of these trials revealed significantly higher pCR rates in the ICI arm (22.7% vs 3.7%, OR: 7.04 [5.23-9.47]). Across all subgroup analyses based on age, smoking, sex, histology, stage, platinum agent used, and PD-L1 levels, the ICI arm consistently showed significantly higher pCR rates. A joint analysis of five trials employing perioperative ICI demonstrated significantly prolonged EFS in the ICI arm (HR: 0.57 [0.50-0.65]). Pooled subgroup analyses for EFS indicated better outcomes in the ICI arm across all subgroups except for patients who had never smoked. In the non-smoker group, although there was a trend favoring ICI, there was no statistical difference (HR: 0.82 [0.53-1.25]). Moreover, a joint analysis of two trials using neoadjuvant ICI showed superior EFS in the ICI arm (HR: 0.66 [0.48-0.89]). In all analyses, I2 was <50%. Conclusions: The addition of ICI to platinum-based systemic therapy in the perioperative or neoadjuvant treatment of resectable NSCLC significantly improves both pCR and EFS. Subgroup analyses revealed no difference in terms of EFS only among the subgroup of patients who had never smoked. Legal entity responsible for the study: The author. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: The author has declared no conflicts of interest.
Perioperative and patient reported outcomes of robotic-assisted and video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for patients with NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy: A real-world cohort study; Background: Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy (Neo-IC) followed by radical resection has become the first-line therapy for local advanced wild-type non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), which also increases the complexity of the operation due to the therapy-related tissue texture change or general adhesion. Robotic-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (RATS) has become increasingly applied but the comprehensive safety and feasibility concerning life quality for this population is not yet to be analyzed. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted for NSCLC patients who underwent either RATS or video-assisted thoracoscopic lobectomy (VATS) following Neo-IC at a single institution between October 2019 and October 2023. We analyzed and compared the clinical characteristic and perioperative outcome between RATS and VATS. The Patient Reported Outcome (PRO) was prospectively collected in a subset of the cohort for further analysis. Results: A total of 246 cases (94 RATS, 152 VATS) were included. Of these, 138 of 246 (56.1%) patients had a major pathological response, and 97 (39.4%) had a pathological complete response based on pathological examination of surgical specimen. No significant differences were found in age, gender, BMI, clinical stage, ASA grade, conversion rate, chest tube duration and intraoperative blood loss between two groups. RATS were significantly associated with more N2 station dissected (p = 0.018), and reduced postoperative length of stay (p = 0.006). In the PRO data we found more severe chest pain was reported by VATS group during hospitalization (p = 0.027), but after discharge RATS group reported more severe cough (p = 0.012) and disturbed sleep (p = 0.025). Conclusions: Patients receiving Neo-IC in this real-world study exhibited promising pathological remission rates. RATL demonstrated comparable safety and feasibility, with superior perioperative outcomes compared to VATL approaches. However, a more extended dissection of mediastinal lymph nodes might be associated with chronic cough, which impaired the long-term life quality. Legal entity responsible for the study: Department of Thoracic Surgery, Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital (Guangdong Academy of Medical Sciences), Southern Medical University, Guangdong, China. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
80P LILRB2+ defines a monocyte subset which identifies responders of PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy with or without chemotherapy in NSCLC; Background: LILRB2 is an immune checkpoint of leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor B family. The blockade of LILRB2 can reprogram the immunosuppressive phenotype of myeloid cells to enhance the efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICB) in preclinical studies, which are undergoing early clinical testing in NSCLC. The single-cell-level resolution of LILRB2 and its impact on the PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy have not been fully explored. Methods: The predictive value of LILRB2 mRNA expression for ICB was first evaluated in two independent phase III randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including ORIENT-11 [sintilimab plus chemotherapy, n = 113; chemotherapy, n = 58] and OAK (atezolizumab, n = 344; chemotherapy, n = 355). BayesPrism algorithm were used to deconvolute monocyte subsets from GSE123904, GSE127465 and GSE207422. Results: Higher LILRB2 expression was significantly associated with significantly prolonged progression free survival with ICB (ORIENT-11: HR=0.57 p=0.027;OAK: HR=0.77, p=0.023). However, no trend was observed in chemotherapy arm in each study. These findings maintained in patients with PD-L1 expression≥1%. From the three single-cell RNA-seq datasets, we identified a monocyte subset with high LILRB2 expression, referred as LILRB2+monocyte. Deconvolution of LILRB2+ monocyte in the two RCTs demonstrated its predictiveness for ICB. Further, in a single-cell dataset, the transcriptional signatures of LILRB2+ monocytes were enriched in MPR patients treated with neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade. Functionally, LILRB2+ monocytes were positively correlated with immune-related interferon-ɑ (IFN-ɑ) and interferon-γ (IFN-γ) signaling. LILRB2+ monocytes were predicted to interact with GZMB+ and GZMK+ cytotoxic T lymphocyte, which thereby promotes anti-tumor immunity by enhancing CD8+ T cell effector functions. Conclusions: LILRB2+ defines a monocyte subset that is positively associated with greater benefits from ICB, in contrast to most previously-revealed monocyte subsets with an immunosuppressive phenotype. The evaluation of LILRB2+ monocytes may help identify patients who could benefit from future co-inhibition of PD-1/PD-L1 and LILRB2 signaling. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant treatment in stage III NSCLC: Comparison with NADIM 2 trial as a gold standard; Background: We compare the results of a multicenter protocol of Neoadjuvant Treatment (NT) in resectable stage III (rsIII) (AJCC, 8th) NSCLC to NADIM2 trial results. Methods: We analyzed 67 patients who received NT per protocol in four centers (2013-2020), defined as concurrent chemotherapy and Radiotherapy (NTChRT) or chemotherapy alone (NTCh). Single-center surgery and Pathological Response (PR) evaluation by two pathologists was performed. Results: 40 patients received NTChRT and 27 NTCh. NTChRT arm had a higher proportion of stage IIIB (12 vs. 6), higher multinodal disease (7 vs 0), and one stage IV (resected M1 CNS). NADIM2 reported similar characteristics in the immunotherapy+Ch arm (ICh), more stage IIIB (14 vs 11) and multinodal disease (22 vs 11). Maximum PR (≤ 10% viable cells) was 54.5% vs. 9.5% (p= 0.001), favoring NTChRT. Complete PR (cPR) was 17.1% vs 4.8% (p= 0.23) in NTChRT vs NTCh respectively. NADIM2 Major PR (<15% viable cells) were 53% vs. 14% in favor of ICh and significantly improved cPR (37% vs.7%). Progression free survival (PFS) at 24 months was non-significantly different between NTChRT vs NTCh (41 vs 31%). ICh PFS was significantly better in NADIM2 (67.2% vs. 40.9%). Overall survival (OS) at 24 months was significantly improved in the NTChRT vs. NTCh arm (77% vs 45 % (p<0.02). In the NADIM2 OS was 85.0% and 63.6% favoring ICh. Conclusions: NADIM2 sets the gold standard in rsIII NSCLC. Our trial is the first study on NT for rsIII NSCLC with a true comparison between concurrentNTChRt vs. NTCh performed by highly specialized oncologist team. Our results offer real-world NT data for rsIII patients. Compared with NADIM2 show similar results for cPR, Maximum/Major PR and OS for both NTCh arms. The NTChRT arm shown better overall results in PR and OS compared to both NTCh arms. Compared to sequential ChRT, concurrent ChRT has shown signifficant better outcomes (phase III trials). In the NT setting, this improvement has not been assessed. We report an improvement of OS and PR with “true” NTChRt compared to NTCh alone, in contrast to previous Thomas et al. and Pless et all. phase III trials which show data of sequential NTCh follow by ChRT vs. NTCh alone. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Efficacy and safety of perioperative immunotherapy combinations for resectable non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background: Several randomized clinical trials (RCTs) of perioperative immunotherapy for resectable non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have reported positive results. They were designed to adjuvant, neoadjuvant and sandwich (neoadjuvant plus adjuvant) immunotherapy by use of immune checkpoint inhibitors and platinum based chemotherapy (CT). The differences between neoadjuvant and sandwich modalities were unclear. Methods: We performed a systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis by retrieving relevant literature from PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO ICTRP and major international conferences. We included public data of RCTs comparing perioperative immunotherapy plus CT with CT for patients with resectable NSCLC. Results: We analyzed 8 studies involving 3429 patients, including 6 neoadjuvant plus adjuvant (Neo-Adj) and 2 neoadjuvant (Neo) trials. For patients without programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) selection, Neo-Adj had better event free survival (EFS) (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.57, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.40-0.77) than CT. Especially, there existed no marked difference between Neo-Adj and Neo in EFS (HR = 0.88, 95% CI: 0.48-1.68) and OS (HR = 1.02, 95% CI: 0.30-2.96). 3 treatments did not have statistical difference in the occurrence of adverse events (AEs), but Neo seemed to have lower incidence rates of any-grade AEs (odds ratio [OR] = 0.55, 95% CI: 0.17-2.32) and grade ≥ 3 AEs (OR = 0.88, 95% CI: 0.50-1.69). Subgroup analysis by PD-L1 suggested that EFS of Neo-Adj (HR = 0.42, 95% CI: 0.21-0.74) and Neo (HR = 0.24, 95% CI: 0.06-0.99) was significantly longer than CT for PD-L1 ≥ 50% subgroup. Neo-Adj had an opposite tendency in EFS than Neo when PD-L1 < 1% (HR = 0.85, 95% CI: 0.43-1.66) and PD-L1 ≥ 50% (HR = 1.76, 95% CI: 0.36-7.85). Conclusions: Our results suggest that Neo-Adj and Neo are associated with similar EFS benefit than CT for patients with resectable NSCLC. Neo-Adj tend to cause better EFS than Neo without any PD-L1 selection. However, patients with different PD-L1 expression may obtain different benefit from Neo-Adj or Neo. Moreover, the addition of adjuvant immunotherapy to Neo have a latent risk to increase the toxicity for patients. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
I-SAbR in unresectable LA-NSCLC patients receiving durvalumab in START-NEW-ERA non-randomised phase II trial; Background: Standard therapy for unresectable LA-NSCLC is concurrent RT-ChT followed by durvalumab according PACIFIC trial. PACIFIC 6 trial showed benefit of durvalumab after sequential ChT-RT. Recent trial reported benefit adding immunotherapy to SAbR in early-stage NSCLC. This is the first trial (NCT05291780) evaluating of curative SAbR in unresectable LA-NSCLC patients receiving durvalumab (1). Here we report the efficacy and safety of i(immunotherapy)-SAbR in LA-NSCLC patients treated with radical-intent based on PACIFIC trial. Methods: Between December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2023 93 LA-NSCLC patients were enrolled. 51 (55%) fit patients received neoadjuvant ChT and 18 (20%) PD-L1 ≥1% received Durvalumab. The tumor volume included primary tumor (T) and any regionally positive node/s (N). The co-primary study endpoints were LC and safety. The co-secondary endpoints were disease free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). Results: Median age was 71 years (52-78), adenocarcinoma (ADC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in 11 (61%) and 7 (39%). IIIA, IIIB and IIIC in 8 (44%), 6(33%) and 4(22%) patients. Median dose was 45Gy(40-60) and 40Gy(35-50) in 5 fx to T and N, respectively. The median time between SAbR and durvalumab was 14d(8-20). After median follow-up of 36 months (6-62), 4(22%) patients had LR. The median LR-free survival (FS) was NR (95% CI, 27 to -). The 1-, 2- and 3- year LR-FS were 94%, 81% and 50%. 3 (16%) had regional recurrence (rR). The median rR-FS was NR (95% CI, 27 to -). The 1-, 2- and 3- year rR-FS rates were 94%, 81% and 69%. 7(39%) patients had distant progression (dP). The median dP-FS was NR (95% CI, 14 to -). The 1-, 2- and 3- year dP-FS rates were 100%,55% and 55%. Median DFS was 24 months (95% CI,14-34). The 1-, 2- and 3- year DFS rates were 94%, 45% and 17%. Median OS was NR (95% CI, 31 to -). The 1, 2, and 3-year OS rates were 88%,82% and 68%. 3(16%) discontinued Durvalumab due to lung and esophageal G3 toxicity. Conclusions: LA-NSCLC patients treated with i-SAbR had optimal LC and promising OS with low rate of G3 toxicity. Our early outcomes would suggest the feasibility of using durvalumab following SAbR in LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent ChT-RT. 1. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2023 Mar 15;115(4):886-896. Clinical trial identification: NCT05291780. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Multimodal spatial transcriptomics and proteomics analysis of the resectable NSCLC ecosystem following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Neoadjuvant and perioperative immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), combined with chemotherapy (CT), have improved outcomes for patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Pathologic tumor response has been utilized in clinical trials as a surrogate of clinical efficacy. Yet, over half of treated patients experience non-response, highlighting the need for novel markers to identify those who are most likely to derive therapeutic benefit. To dissect the spatial complexity of the tumor-associated immune landscape following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (CT+ICI), we selected patients (n =3) with a range of residual viable tumor (%RVT) -pathological complete response (pCR; 0% RVT), partial response (20% RVT), and noresponse (100% RVT). We performed multimodal spatial transcriptomics (ST) and proteomics (using a 35-plex protein panel) on the same tissue sections using the Visium CytAssist from 10X Genomics. We also examined spatial patterns of 20-plex panel of immune and stromal markers at single-cell resolution in the same samples using the COMET Lunaphore platform. In the pCR patient, we studied two tumor areas to assess the impact of tumor response heterogeneity on the immune landscape. Our analysis identified distinct immune profiles across three patients with varying %RVT, reflecting the heterogeneity of the immune response. We found robust gene-protein correlation, such as MS4A1 gene expression and CD20 protein levels, in our multimodal spatial-omics analysis. Intriguingly, the arrangement of B cells and their interaction with surrounding plasma cells (PCs) varied notably across patients. Unlike in the patients with partial or no response, pronounced tertiary lymphoid structure (TLS) formation and signatures were observed in the pCR patient, with the CXCL13-CXCR5 axis overlapping with the TLS profile, suggesting a functional interplay that may be crucial in mediating response to therapy. Intriguingly, in the pCR patient, PCs uniquely arrayed around dense B cell aggregates, marked by MS4A1, CR2, FCER1, and CXCL13. PCs were not only less abundant in non-PCR patients but they also did not array around lymphoid aggregates. Our high-resolution and multimodal analysis identified spatially-resolved expression and patterns for B lineage cells that may be associated, and thus, underlie response of resectable NSCLC to neoadjuvant CT+ICI. Ongoing efforts on this expanding cohort will shed further light on transcriptional states and immunogenomic roles of B lineage cells in neoadjuvant CT+ICI-treated NSCLC.
Multiplex immunofluorescence profiling of the tumor microenvironment and CD73: Activity of neoadjuvant oleclumab in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer in NeoCOAST; Background: The NeoCOAST study (NCT03794544) investigated the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunooncology combinations in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), using major pathological response (MPR) as the primary endpoint (Cascone T, et al. Cancer Discov 2023;13:2394-411). Patients received a single cycle of the following treatments: durvalumab monotherapy (durva; anti-PD-L1), durva + oleclumab (ole; anti-CD73), or durva + monalizumab (mona; anti-NKG2A). Here we analyze the tumor microenvironment to investigate the mechanism of action of ole. Methods: A cohort of 47 patients (17 durva, 13 durva + mona, 17 durva + ole) with tumor tissue samples from pre-treatment (baseline, n=31) and surgery (post-treatment, n=24; n=8 paired pre-and post-treatment samples) were evaluated. Tumor sections were stained with (1) multiplex immunofluorescence (Panel 1: CD8-PD-L1-PD1-CD68-Ki67-panCK, Panel 2: NKp46-CD20), (2) CD73 immunohistochemistry (IHC), and (3) NKG2A IHC. Stains were analyzed using deep learning algorithms, manual pathology, and digital pathology scoring, respectively. Results: All arms showed similar infiltration of tumors by T cells (CD8), B cells (CD20), NK cells (NKp46), and macrophages (CD68) at the pre-treatment time point (Kruskal-Wallis, p=0.5-0.9 n.s.). Percent CD73+ tumor cells (TCs) at baseline was correlated with increased B cell, T cell, NK cell, and macrophage abundance (Spearman's Rho=0.4-0.6, p<0.05). Percent CD73+ TC and B cell abundance was higher in patients with MPR vs those without MPR in the durva + ole arm, but not in the durva monotherapy or durva + mona arms. Increased CD8 T cell and NK cell abundance was not associated with MPR in any arm. Moreover, comparison of baseline to post-treatment tumor samples revealed a greater increase in CD8 T cells in the durva + ole arm (FC=2.1, p=0.02), particularly in proliferating activated T cells (CD8+Ki67+PD-1+; FC=8.0, p=0.003), compared to durva alone (FC=1.8, p=0.4 and FC=2.9, p=0.04, respectively). Conclusion: Increased abundance of CD73+ TCs is correlated with high B cells in the tumor microenvironment and associated with patients who experienced MPR in the durva + ole arm. Treatment with neoadjuvant durva + ole results in a greater increase in proliferating CD8 T cells than durva alone.
APP as a novel immune checkpoint: Expression in T cells and its clinical implications for immuno-oncology drug refractory; Amyloid precursor protein (APP) is a type I transmembrane protein expressed in various cell types and tissues. We previously confirmed that APP expressed in T cells is a binding partner protein of a novel immune checkpoint contactin 4 (CNTN4), and APP is a central molecule for conveying the immunosuppressive signal of CNTN4 to T cells. We further profiled an expression of APP in tumorinfiltrating T cells from tumors of NSCLC patients who received anti-PD-1 as a neoadjuvant treatment combined with chemotherapy using single-cell RNA analysis. As a result, the proportion of APPexpressing CD4+ Teff or CD8+ Teff cells was higher in stable disease (SD) patients than in partial response (PR) patients. In contrast, we observed higher PDCD1-expressing CD4+ Tnaïve and CD4+ Teff cell proportions in PR patients than in SD patients. When we performed a Differential Expression Gene analysis between the PR and SD patients within Teff cells, we observed that the PR patients' CD8+ Teff cells manifested a higher IFNG and PDCD1, while the SD patients' CD8+ Teff cells predominantly exhibited elevated APP levels. Subsequent pathway analysis also suggested a negative relationship between immune-related pathways and APP expression in CD8+ Teff cells. Such findings imply that the predominant presence of APP in T cells is associated with I/O refractory. From a biological view, we demonstrated increased APP expression in T cells by stimulation with an anti-CD3 antibody or antigen-presenting cell. We also identified that upon stimulation with an anti-CD3 antibody, transcription factors for T-cell activation bind to the proximal promoter of APP and increase its expression. Furthermore, it was confirmed that APP in T cells not only increases its expression upon anti-CD3 antibody stimulation but also translocates from the cytoplasm to the membrane through the Golgi apparatus. When anti-CD3 antibody stimulation of T cells persists, the membrane expression of APP increases for 14 to 24 h, then gradually decreases when the stimulation disappears and becomes the same as before stimulation at 48 h. T cells differentiate into various subsets and play an essential role in adaptive immunological responses to foreign substances. In particular, CD4+ (helper) T cells differentiate into different T-cell subsets, such as Th1, Th2, Th17, Th19, Th22, Tfh, and Treg, to govern the overall immune response by producing cytokines that can recruit other cells of the immune system. So, we investigated whether APP is expressed on T cell subsets including naïve, effector, memory, and exhausted T-cells. We identified that APP is expressed in various CD4+ and CD8+ T cell subsets upon stimulation with anti-CD3 antibody. Taken together, our results suggest that APP is expressed on multiple functional T cells and that increased expression of APP on T cells in TIL may increase resistance to immunotherapy.
Impact of fecal microbiome on the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy and colitis adverse events: Findings from the NADIM II Trial; Introduction: The balance and composition of the gut microbiome play a pivotal role in modulating the host immune system, and they have been associated with survival outcomes in patients undergoing immunotherapy-based treatments and immune-related adverse events. In this study, our objective was to analyze the fecal microbiota of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with locally advanced disease undergoing neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (IO-CT). Methods and patients: Baseline stool samples were collected from 86 resectable stage IIIA/B NSCLC patients enrolled in the NADIM II clinical trial (NCT03838159). The patients were randomly assigned to receive either neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy (CT) or CT alone. DNA extraction was performed using the QIAamp PowerFecal DNA Kit (Qiagen), and the samples were analyzed using the Ion AmpliSeq Microbiome Health Research assay (ThermoFisher). The NGS analysis utilized the AmpliSeq Microbiome Health w1.3 workflow. Alpha diversity was assessed using the Simpson and Chao1 Index. Results: Among the 86 collected stool samples, 77 were deemed valid for analysis. Bacteroides were the most common genus with a relative percentage (RP) of 18.9% ± 14.8 followed by Faecalibacterium (13.4% ± 7.8). The presence of bacteria from the genera Bifidobacterium, and Faecalibacterium was associated with improved progression-free survival (PFS) [HR = 0.4 (0.16-0.98), and HR = 0.08 (0.01-0.72), respectively] and overall survival (OS) [HR = 0.19 (0.06-0.62)], and HR = 0.04 [0.01-0.43], respectively), in the experimental arm. The detection of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii (validated by qPCR) was associated with improved PFS [HR = 0.17 (0.04-0.76)] and OS [HR = 0.05 (0.01-0.29)] in the experimental. On the other hand, detection of bacteria from the genera Synergistes, Lactobacillus, and Anaerotruncus was associated to higher risk of disease progression [HR = 9.9 (1.2-85), HR = 3.7 (1.5-9.1), and HR = 12 (1.4-110)] and death [HR = 51 (3.2-820), HR = 6.7 (2-23), and HR = 25 (2.3-280)] in this set of patients.In the entire cohort, patients whose samples were in the highest tertile of alpha diversity, had significantly prolonged PFS compared to those with intermediate or low diversity [HR = 0.39 (0.16-0.94)]. Finally, 25 colitis adverse events (CAE) occurred in 18 patients, including two Grade 3 (2.3%) and four Grade 2 (4.6%) events. A higher RP of Bacteroides were found in patients who did not suffer colitis events (P = 0.016), whereas higher RP of Coriobacterium were detected in patients who suffered CAE (P = 0.023). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that composition of the gut microbiome may play a crucial role in the effectiveness of neoadjuvant IO-CT in NSCLC patients. Specifically, the presence of F. prausnitzii may enhance the antitumor activity of these treatments.
STING licensing of type I dendritic cells potentiates antitumor immunity; Stimulator of interferon genes (STING) is an immune adaptor protein that senses cyclic GMP-AMP in response to self or microbial cytosolic DNA as a danger signal. STING is ubiquitously expressed in diverse cell populations, including cancer cells, with distinct cellular functions, such as activation of type I interferons, autophagy induction, or triggering apoptosis. It is not well understood whether and which subsets of immune cells, stromal cells, or cancer cells are particularly important for STING-mediated antitumor immunity. Here, using a polymeric STING-activating nanoparticle (PolySTING) with a shock-and-lock dual activation mechanism, we show that conventional type 1 dendritic cells (cDC1s) are essential for STING-mediated rejection of multiple established and metastatic murine tumors. STING status in the host but not in the cancer cells (Tmem173−/−) is important for antitumor efficacy. Specific depletion of cDC1 (Batf3−/−) or STING deficiency in cDC1 (XCR1creSTINGfl/fl) abolished PolySTING efficacy, whereas depletion of other myeloid cells had little effect. Adoptive transfer of wild-type cDC1 in Batf3−/− mice restored antitumor efficacy, whereas transfer of cDC1 with STING or IRF3 deficiency failed to rescue. PolySTING induced a specific chemokine signature in wild-type but not Batf3−/− mice. Multiplexed immunohistochemistry analysis of STING-activating cDC1s in resected tumors correlates with patient survival. Furthermore, STING-cDC1 signature was increased after neoadjuvant pembrolizumab therapy in patients with non–small cell lung cancer. Therefore, we have defined that a subset of myeloid cells is essential for STING-mediated antitumor immunity with associated biomarkers for prognosis.
Rapid Advances in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Narrative Review; IMPORTANCE A series of high-profile clinical trials for patients with resectable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have recently changed the standard of care in this setting. Specifically, studies have demonstrated statistically and clinically significant improvements in efficacy with the targeted therapy for adjuvant osimertinib in patients with resected NSCLC harboring an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) genomic abnormality (GA), whereas trials with chemotherapy combined with nivolumab in the neoadjuvant setting and others testing atezolizumab or pembrolizumab as adjuvant therapy have all demonstrated improvements in event-free survival (EFS) (for neoadjuvant therapy) or disease-free survival (DFS) (for adjuvant therapy). These trials introduce many open questions about how to apply these findings in clinical practice. OBSERVATIONS Treatment with adjuvant osimertinib for 3 years was associated with significant improvement in both DFS and overall survival (OS), but the erosion of the DFS benefit after the duration of treatment ends suggests a potential value for more longitudinal treatment. The potential value of highly effective targeted therapies as adjuvant therapy for other GAs has a compelling rationale but no data at this time. Adjuvant atezolizumab or pembrolizumab, generally administered for 1 year after postoperative chemotherapy, are appropriate considerations, but only atezolizumab for patients with tumor programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) levels of 50% has demonstrated a benefit in OS. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with nivolumab offers a strong EFS benefit, a shorter interval of treatment, and radiographic and pathologic feedback for patients with resectable stage IB to IIIA NSCLC, although very recent randomized clinical trials of perioperative immunotherapy both combined with chemotherapy preoperatively and administered postoperatively highlight the debatable value of adjuvant immunotherapy after prior chemoimmunotherapy. Improved tumor shrinkage rates with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy suggest the possibility that criteria for resectability may potentially be redefined in anticipation of a good response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Developments in resectable NSCLC have arrived so rapidly that they have also created practical challenges of identifying optimal patients and prioritizing options among these new competing standards. In some cases, practical management requires clinical judgment and discussion with the patient to cover the gaps in prospective data. Caution should be exerted when extrapolating beyond the available data.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer in Japanese patients from CheckMate 816; In the open-label, phase III CheckMate 816 study (NCT02998528), neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy demonstrated statistically significant improvements in event-free survival (EFS) and pathological complete response (pCR) versus chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here we report efficacy and safety outcomes in the Japanese subpopulation. Patients with stage IB–IIIA, resectable NSCLC were randomized 1:1 to nivolumab plus chemotherapy or chemotherapy alone for three cycles before undergoing definitive surgery within 6 weeks of completing neoadjuvant treatment. The primary end-points (EFS and pCR) and safety were assessed in patients enrolled at 16 centers in Japan. Of the Japanese patients randomized, 93.9% (31/33) in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm and 82.9% (29/35) in the chemotherapy arm underwent surgery. At 21.5 months' minimum follow-up, median EFS was 30.6 months (95% confidence interval [CI], 16.8–not reached [NR]) with nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus 19.6 months (95% CI, 8.5–NR) with chemotherapy; hazard ratio, 0.60 (95% CI, 0.30–1.24). The pCR rate was 30.3% (95% CI, 15.6–48.7) versus 5.7% (95% CI, 0.7–19.2), respectively; odds ratio, 7.17 (95% CI, 1.44–35.85). Grade 3/4 treatment-related adverse events were reported in 59.4% versus 42.9% of patients, respectively, with no new safety signals identified. Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy resulted in longer EFS and a higher pCR rate versus chemotherapy alone in Japanese patients, consistent with findings in the global population. These data support nivolumab plus chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant treatment option in Japanese patients with resectable NSCLC.
Efficiency and safety of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor (sintilimab) combined with chemotherapy in potentially resectable stage IIIA/IIIB non-small cell lung cancer: Neo-Pre-IC, a single-arm phase 2 trial; Background: Some locally advanced (IIIA/IIIB) non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) might have surgical options available. However, information regarding the effectiveness of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for potentially resectable IIIA/IIIB NSCLC is limited. The intent of this investigation was to offer a more favourable alternative to the standard approach of chemoradiotherapy (concurrent or sequential chemoradiotherapy) followed by immunotherapy for potentially resectable stage III NSCLC. Methods: This prospective, single-arm, phase 2 clinical trial (NCT04326153) enrolled treatment-naïve patients with ‘potentially resectable’ IIIA/IIIB NSCLC who were deemed unsuitable for complete (R0) resection upon initial diagnosis. The study period was between March 20, 2020, and August 20, 2021. Patients underwent neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (sintilimab combined with nab-paclitaxel and carboplatin) for two to three cycles prior to surgical resection of the lung carcinoma and systematic nodal dissection within 30–45 days. The primary endpoint was the 2-year disease-free survival (DFS) rate, with secondary endpoints encompassing major pathological response (MPR) rate, pathological complete response (pCR) rate, overall survival, objective response rate (ORR), downstaging rate, and adverse events (AEs). Tumour immune cell infiltrates, identified via immunohistochemistry, were assessed as biomarkers at baseline and after surgery. Findings: Among 30 patients who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, 20 underwent complete resection. The disease control rate was 96.7% (95% CI: 90.3%–99.99%), with an ORR of 55% (95% CI: 37.2%–72.8%) and a downstaging rate of 80% (95% CI: 65.7%–94.3%). In the subgroup of 20 patients who underwent surgery, the MPR rate was 65% (95% CI: 43.3%–82.9%), and the pCR rate was 40% (95% CI: 21.2%–46.3%). The 2-year DFS rate in the surgical group was 75% (95% CI 56%–94%). Notably, the MPR group demonstrated significantly prolonged DFS compared with the non-MPR group (p = 0.00024). A significant increase in pretreatment CD8 expression correlated with improved DFS (p = 0.00019). Three patients (10%) experienced grade 3 or higher immune-related AEs—one case of grade 3 elevated myocardial enzymes, one case of grade 3 interstitial pneumonia, and one case of grade 5 bronchopleural fistula. Interpretation: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy markedly enhanced the rate of pathological response and 2-year DFS in patients with potentially resectable IIIA/IIIB NSCLC. Overexpression of CD8 before treatment (H score≥3) may serve as a potential predictive biomarker for DFS. Consequently, the treatment landscape for potentially resectable IIIA/IIIB NSCLC could undergo changes. Funding: This study did not receive any financial support.
Perioperative Atezolizumab Plus Fluorouracil, Leucovorin, Oxaliplatin, and Docetaxel for Resectable Esophagogastric Cancer: Interim Results From the Randomized, Multicenter, Phase II/III DANTE/IKF-s633 Trial; PURPOSE This trial evaluates the addition of the PD-L1 antibody atezolizumab (ATZ) to standard-of-care fluorouracil, leucovorin, oxaliplatin, and docetaxel (FLOT) as a perioperative treatment for patients with resectable esophagogastric adenocarcinoma (EGA). METHODS DANTE started as multicenter, randomized phase II trial, which was subsequently converted to a phase III trial. Here, we present the results of the phase II proportion, focusing on surgical pathology and safety outcomes on an exploratory basis. Patients with resectable EGA (≥cT2 or cN1) were assigned to either four preoperative and postoperative cycles of FLOT combined with ATZ, followed by eight cycles of ATZ maintenance (arm A) or FLOT alone (arm B). RESULTS Two hundred ninety-five patients were randomly assigned (A, 146; B, 149) with balanced baseline characteristics between arms. Twenty-three patients (8%) had tumors with microsatellite instability (MSI), and 58% patients had tumors with a PD-L1 combined positive score (CPS) of ≥1. Surgical morbidity (A, 45%; B, 42%) and 60-day mortality (A, 3%; B, 2%) were comparable between arms. Downstaging favored arm A versus arm B (ypT0, 23% v 15% [one-sided P 5 .044]; ypT0-T2, 61% v 48% [one-sided P 5 .015]; ypN0, 68% v 54% [one-sided P 5 .012]). Histopathologic complete regression rates (pathologic complete response or TRG1a) were higher after FLOT plus ATZ (A, 24%; B, 15%; one-sided P 5 .032), and the difference was more pronounced in the PD-L1 CPS ≥10 (A, 33%; B, 12%) and MSI (A, 63%; B, 27%) subpopulations. Complete margin-free (R0) resection rates were relatively high in both arms (A, 96%; B, 95%). The incidence and severity of adverse events were similar in both groups. CONCLUSION Within the limitations of the exploratory nature of the data, the addition of ATZ to perioperative FLOT is safe and improved postoperative stage and histopathologic regression.
Rare malignant neoplasm of the esophagus: current status and future perspectives; Esophageal cancer is common worldwide, including in Japan, and its major histological subtype is squamous cell carcinoma. However, there are some rare esophageal cancers, including neuroendocrine neoplasm, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, carcinosarcoma and malignant melanoma. The biological and clinical features of these cancers differ from those of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Therefore, different treatment strategies are needed for these cancers but are based on limited evidence. Neuroendocrine neoplasm is mainly divided into neuroendocrine tumor and neuroendocrine carcinoma by differentiation and the Ki-67 proliferation index or mitotic index. Epidemiologically, the majority of esophageal neuroendocrine neoplasms are neuroendocrine carcinoma. The treatment of neuroendocrine carcinoma is similar to that of small cell lung cancer, which has similar morphological and biological features. Gastrointestinal stromal tumor is known to be associated with alterations in the c-KIT and platelet-derived growth factor receptor genes and, if resectable, is treated in accordance with the modified Fletcher classification. Carcinosarcoma is generally resistant to both chemotherapy and radiotherapy and requires multimodal treatments such as surgery plus chemotherapy to achieve cure. Primary malignant melanoma is resistant to cytotoxic chemotherapy, but immune checkpoint inhibitors have recently demonstrated efficacy for malignant melanoma of the esophagus. This review focuses on the current status and future perspectives for rare cancer of the esophagus.
The emerging perioperative treatment paradigm for non-small cell lung cancer: a narrative review; Background and Objective: The management of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has relied on surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy for the past two decades, but is now radically changing through the introduction of immunotherapy and targeted drugs. This review was conducted to summarize recent developments and highlight future directions. Methods: A literature search for randomized phase 2/3 trials on the treatment of early-stage NSCLC was performed based on PubMed and the content on major oncology congresses during the last 3 years. Key Content and Findings: Perioperative strategies with 3–4 cycles of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and 1 year of adjuvant programmed cell death (ligand) 1 [PD-(L)1] blockade combine the efficacy of purely adjuvant [effective for both stage II and stage III tumors with event-free survival hazard ratios (HR) of approximately 0.70] and the purely neoadjuvant strategies (effective only for stage III with a lower EFS HR of approximately 0.50), show benefit across the entire spectrum of PD-L1 tumor expression levels, and significantly improve overall survival, as the NADIM-2 and Keynote-671 studies recently showed. Once approved, they will probably dominate the landscape of management for resectable NCSLC based on two main advantages: first, compared to purely adjuvant treatments, like those of the IMpower010 and Keynote-091 trials, they allow for evaluation of response in the surgical specimen and permit adjustment of the postoperative management accordingly; second, compared to the purely neoadjuvant treatment of Checkmate-816, their postoperative component appears to additionally improve the outcome of patients failing to achieve a pathologic complete remission (pCR). Further improvements in the near future will likely include intensified postoperative therapy for non-pCR patients, e.g., with addition of chemotherapy, antibody-drug conjugates, or next-generation immunotherapeutics; broader use of circulating tumor DNA assays for improved monitoring of minimal residual disease; as well as routine availability of further tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) against oncogenic drivers beyond classic EGFR mutations, like adjuvant alectinib for tumors with ALK fusions, whose approval is expected soon based on the recent success of the ALINA trial, and adjuvant selpercatinib for tumors with RET fusions, if the ongoing LIBRETTO-432 trial is also positive. The availability of both TKI and neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in the routine setting renders molecular tumor profiling imperative for potentially resectable tumors already at initial diagnosis. Conclusions: Perioperative immunotherapy is becoming the dominant treatment paradigm for resectable NSCLC, while increasing use of targeted drugs for actionable alterations necessitates upfront molecular profiling of early tumors for patient selection.
ctDNA dynamics and neoadjuvant treatment responses in patients with resectable NSCLC from the phase 3 AEGEAN trial; Background: Among patients (Pts) with resectable (R) NSCLC in the AEGEAN trial, perioperative durvalumab (D) + neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT) significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) and event-free survival (EFS), with manageable safety, vs. neoadjuvant CT alone. Here we report exploratory analyses of potential associations between ctDNA and pCR or major pathological response (MPR) during the neoadjuvant treatment (Tx) phase in AEGEAN. Methods: AEGEAN is a double-blind, placebo (PBO)-controlled randomised study (NCT03800134). Adults with Tx-naïve R-NSCLC (stage II-IIIB[N2]; AJCC 8th ed) and ECOG PS 0/1 were randomized (1:1) to receive neoadjuvant platinum-based CT + either D 1500 mg or PBO IV (every 3 weeks [Q3W], 4 cycles) prior to surgery (Sx), followed by D 1500 mg or PBO IV (Q4W, 12 cycles), respectively, after Sx. Pts were stratified by disease stage (II vs III) and PD-L1 tumour cell expression (<1% vs ≥1%; Ventana SP263). Following a protocol amendment, confirmation of EGFR/ ALK status was required prior to randomization. Pts with documented EGFR/ALK aberrations were excluded from the modified ITT population for efficacy analyses. The primary endpoints were pCR, evaluated centrally (per IASLC), and EFS (using RECIST v1.1), evaluated by BICR. Plasma samples were collected at protocol-specified timepoints, including prior to each cycle of neoadjuvant Tx. Analysis of ctDNA was performed using patient-specific tumour-informed assays, following identification of mutations by whole-exome sequencing of diagnostic tissue. Expected Results: To date, ctDNA analysis has been performed for 198 Pts in the population included in the interim analysis of pCR. The reported results will include baseline characteristics of analysed Pts; ctDNA levels and dynamics during neoadjuvant Tx; and potential associations of ctDNA variables, including ctDNA clearance, with baseline characteristics, pCR or MPR. Expected Conclusions: These exploratory analyses are expected to shed light on the predictive utility of ctDNA in Pts treated with neoadjuvant D + CT.
Efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer—a retrospective cohort study; Background: At present, comprehensive treatment is still the main approach for locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, and the research of neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with locally advanced NSCLC is still in progress. We conducted this research in order to investigate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy in the treatment of locally advanced NSCLC. Methods: From January 1, 2021, to November 30, 2022, 12 patients with locally advanced NSCLC at the Fujian Medical University Union Hospital were retrospectively analyzed. All patients received three cycles of neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy before surgery. The primary endpoint was pathological complete response (pCR), and the secondary endpoints were the objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate, and safety. Results: According to the preoperative imaging evaluation, two patients (2/12, 16.67%) had complete remission, seven patients (7/12, 58.33%) had partial remission, and three patients (3/12, 25.00%) had stable disease. The overall objective remission rate was 75.0%. Postoperative pathology confirmed that seven patients (7/12, 58.33%) achieved pathological complete remission, and the R0 resection rate was 100%. During the treatment, five patients (5/12, 41.67%) had treatment-related adverse reactions, all of which were grade I–II according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) classification, and no adverse reactions of grade III or above were found. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy shows good efficacy and safety in patients with locally advanced NSCLC and has no significant adverse effects on perioperative outcomes. However, this is a small sample size study, and further large-scale prospective studies are needed in the future to validate our research results.
Perioperative Toripalimab Plus Chemotherapy for Patients with Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: The Neotorch Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance: Adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy have improved clinical outcomes for patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the optimal combination of checkpoint inhibition with chemotherapy remains unknown. Objective: To determine whether toripalimab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy will improve event-free survival and major pathological response in patients with stage II or III resectable NSCLC compared with chemotherapy alone. Design, Setting, and Participants: This randomized clinical trial enrolled patients with stage II or III resectable NSCLC (without EGFR or ALK alterations for nonsquamous NSCLC) from March 12, 2020, to June 19, 2023, at 50 participating hospitals in China. The data cutoff date for this interim analysis was November 30, 2022. Interventions: Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive 240 mg of toripalimab or placebo once every 3 weeks combined with platinum-based chemotherapy for 3 cycles before surgery and 1 cycle after surgery, followed by toripalimab only (240 mg) or placebo once every 3 weeks for up to 13 cycles. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcomes were event-free survival (assessed by the investigators) and the major pathological response rate (assessed by blinded, independent pathological review). The secondary outcomes included the pathological complete response rate (assessed by blinded, independent pathological review) and adverse events. Results: Of the 501 patients randomized, 404 had stage III NSCLC (202 in the toripalimab + chemotherapy group and 202 in the placebo + chemotherapy group) and 97 had stage II NSCLC and were excluded from this interim analysis. The median age was 62 years (IQR, 56-65 years), 92% of patients were male, and the median follow-up was 18.3 months (IQR, 12.7-22.5 months). For the primary outcome of event-free survival, the median length was not estimable (95% CI, 24.4 months-not estimable) in the toripalimab group compared with 15.1 months (95% CI, 10.6-21.9 months) in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 0.40 [95% CI, 0.28-0.57], P <.001). The major pathological response rate (another primary outcome) was 48.5% (95% CI, 41.4%-55.6%) in the toripalimab group compared with 8.4% (95% CI, 5.0%-13.1%) in the placebo group (between-group difference, 40.2% [95% CI, 32.2%-48.1%], P <.001). The pathological complete response rate (secondary outcome) was 24.8% (95% CI, 19.0%-31.3%) in the toripalimab group compared with 1.0% (95% CI, 0.1%-3.5%) in the placebo group (between-group difference, 23.7% [95% CI, 17.6%-29.8%]). The incidence of immune-related adverse events occurred more frequently in the toripalimab group. No unexpected treatment-related toxic effects were identified. The incidence of grade 3 or higher adverse events, fatal adverse events, and adverse events leading to discontinuation of treatment were comparable between the groups. Conclusions and Relevance: The addition of toripalimab to perioperative chemotherapy led to a significant improvement in event-free survival for patients with resectable stage III NSCLC and this treatment strategy had a manageable safety profile. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04158440.
The Efficacy and Safety of Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in Patients with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: After the success of immunotherapy in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the benefit of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was compared with chemotherapy for localized NSCLC in several trials. However, the available studies had variable study designs, and study cohorts had limited follow-up times. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the benefit of adding immunotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with localized NSCLC. Methods: We conducted a systematic review using Pubmed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases for studies published until 5 December 2023. This protocol was registered in the PROSPERO database (Registration Number: CRD42023466337). We performed the meta-analyses with the generic inverse-variance method with a fixed effects model. Results: Overall, 7 studies encompassing 2993 patients were included in the analyses. The use of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was associated with a 41% reduction in the risk of progression or death compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (HR: 0.59, 95% CI: 0.52–0.66, p < 0.0001) and a lower risk of death (HR: 0.67, 95% CI: 0.55–0.82, p < 0.0001). The neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy improved pCR rates compared to chemotherapy (21.8% vs. 3.8%, OR: 7.04, 95% CI: 5.23–9.47, p < 0.0001), while high-grade adverse events were higher with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (OR: 1.18, 95% CI: 1.02–1.36, p = 0.0300). Conclusions: The available evidence demonstrates a statistically significant and clinically meaningful event-free survival benefit and possibly an overall survival benefit with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy with a slight increase in high-grade toxicities.
Adjuvant and neo-adjuvant therapy for non-small cell lung cancer without EGFR mutations or ALK rearrangements; Surgical resection is the most effective therapeutic option for the cure in early stage resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, despite complete resection, up to 70% of patients die within 5 years mainly due to tumor recurrence in extra-thoracic organs. Adjuvant or neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy may improve postoperative survival, but the absolute survival benefit is modest with an around 5% improvement at 5 years. Recent advance in systemic therapy has changed treatment strategy for advanced unresectable NSCLC, and also has provided a paradigm shift in treatment strategy for resectable NSCLC. For NSCLC without oncogenic driver alterations, immunotherapy using immune-checkpoint inhibitors may improve clinical outcomes in preoperative neoadjuvant setting as well as in postoperative adjuvant setting. Here, we overview recent evidence of adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy and discuss emerging clinical questions in decision-making of treatment for potentially resectable patients with NSCLC harboring no oncogenic alterations.
A Brief Report on the Patterns of Mediastinal Nodal Failure in Resectable Stage IB-IIIA NSCLC Treated With Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy Combinations, a Secondary Analysis of a Prospective Trial; Within the last year, neoadjuvant nivolumab with platinum-doublet chemotherapy has been incorporated into national guidelines as the standard-of-care treatment for resectable NSCLC. As neoadjuvant ICI-based therapies become the induction standard for NSCLC, understanding of predictors for mediastinal nodal recurrence is exceedingly important as it may identify high risk patients who may benefit from additional adjunctive therapies. • This brief report is the first descriptive report of mediastinal nodal failure in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer who have received neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor-based therapy prior to definitive resection. Patients with mediastinal nodal recurrence have initial centrally located clinical stage IIIA disease. One patient with major pathologic response still developed mediastinal failure. • A large real-world study is needed to describe rates and risk-factor for mediastinal recurrence after neoadjuvant check-point inhibitor-based therapies that will help guide more personalized and precise recurrence modeling for high-risk patients.
Platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy upregulates STING/IFN pathway expression and promotes TILs infiltration in NSCLC; Objectives: To evaluate the effects of platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) on the STING/IFN pathway and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), as well as clinicopathological factors affecting patient survival. Materials and methods: A total of 68 patients aged 34-77 years with NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgical treatment from March 2012 to February 2019 were reviewed, and the clinical pathological data and paired tissue specimens before and after NACT were collected. Immunohistochemistry and immunofluorescence were used to detect the protein levels of STING, PD-L1 and IFN-β, and the infiltration density of CD3+ TILs and CD8+TILs. The correlation between the expression of STING, PD-L1, IFN-β and the infiltration density of CD3+ TILs and CD8+ TILs as well as the clinicopathological characteristics before and after NACT was analyzed. The relationship between the related indexes, clinicopathological features and prognosis was also discussed. Results: NACT increased the expression of STING, IFN-β and PD-L1 in tumor cells, and the infiltration of CD3+ and CD8+ TILs. In addition, ypTNM stage, ypN stage, changes in CD3+ TILs and in PD-L1 were associated with DFS (disease-free survival). CD3+ TILs changes and ypN stage were associated with OS (overall survival). Notably, ypN stage and CD3+ TILs changes were independent prognostic factors for DFS and OS. Conclusion: NACT stimulates STING/IFN-β pathway, promotes infiltration of CD3+ and CD8+ TILs, triggers innate and adaptive immunity, and also upregulates PD-L1, which complemented the rationale for neoadjuvant chemotherapy in combination with immunotherapy. In addition, DFS was longer in patients with ypTNM I, ypN0-1, and elevated CD3+TILs after NACT. Patients with ypN0 and elevated CD3+ TILs after NACT had better OS benefits.
Perioperative immunotherapy for stage II-III non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis base on randomized controlled trials; Background: In recent years, we have observed the pivotal role of immunotherapy in improving survival for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the effectiveness of immunotherapy in the perioperative (neoadjuvant + adjuvant) treatment of resectable NSCLC remains uncertain. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of its antitumor efficacy and adverse effects (AEs) by pooling data from the KEYNOTE-671, NADIM II, and AEGEAN clinical trials. Methods: For eligible studies, we searched seven databases. The randomized controlled trials (RCTs) pertaining to the comparative analysis of combination neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus perioperative immunotherapy (PIO) versus perioperative placebo (PP) were included. Primary endpoints were overall survival (OS) and event-free survival (EFS). Secondary endpoints encompassed drug responses, AEs, and surgical outcomes. Results: Three RCTs (KEYNOTE-671, NADIM II, and AEGEAN) were included in the final analysis. PIO group (neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus perioperative immunotherapy) exhibited superior efficacy in OS (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.63 [0.49-0.81]), EFS (HR: 0.61 [0.52, 0.72]), objective response rate (risk ratio [RR]: 2.21 [1.91, 2.54]), pathological complete response (RR: 4.36 [3.04, 6.25]), major pathological response (RR: 2.79 [2.25, 3.46]), R0 resection rate (RR: 1.13 [1.00, 1.26]) and rate of adjuvant treatment (RR: 1.08 [1.01, 1.15]) compared with PP group (neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus perioperative placebo). In the subgroup analysis, EFS tended to favor the PIO group in almost all subgroups. BMI (>25), T stage (IV), N stage (N1-N2) and pathological response (with pathological complete response) were favorable factors in the PIO group. In the safety assessment, the PIO group exhibited higher rates of serious AEs (28.96% vs. 23.51%) and AEs leading to treatment discontinuation (12.84% vs. 5.81%). Meanwhile, although total adverse events, grade 3-5 adverse events, and fatal adverse events tended to favor the PP group, the differences were not statistically significant. Conclusion: PIO appears to be superior to PP for resectable stage II-III NSCLC, demonstrating enhanced survival and pathological responses. However, its elevated adverse event (AE) rate warrants careful consideration. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/#recordDetails, identifier CRD42023487475.
Radiomics model based on intratumoral and peritumoral features for predicting major pathological response in non-small cell lung cancer receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy; Objective: To establish a radiomics model based on intratumoral and peritumoral features extracted from pre-treatment CT to predict the major pathological response (MPR) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy. Methods: A total of 148 NSCLC patients who underwent neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy from two centers (SRRSH and ZCH) were retrospectively included. The SRRSH dataset (n=105) was used as the training and internal validation cohort. Radiomics features of intratumoral (T) and peritumoral regions (P1 = 0-5mm, P2 = 5-10mm, and P3 = 10-15mm) were extracted from pre-treatment CT. Intra- and inter- class correlation coefficients and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator were used to feature selection. Four single ROI models mentioned above and a combined radiomics (CR: T+P1+P2+P3) model were established by using machine learning algorithms. Clinical factors were selected to construct the combined radiomics-clinical (CRC) model, which was validated in the external center ZCH (n=43). The performance of the models was assessed by DeLong test, calibration curve and decision curve analysis. Results: Histopathological type was the only independent clinical risk factor. The model CR with eight selected radiomics features demonstrated a good predictive performance in the internal validation (AUC=0.810) and significantly improved than the model T (AUC=0.810 vs 0.619, p<0.05). The model CRC yielded the best predictive capability (AUC=0.814) and obtained satisfactory performance in the independent external test set (AUC=0.768, 95% CI: 0.62-0.91). Conclusion: We established a CRC model that incorporates intratumoral and peritumoral features and histopathological type, providing an effective approach for selecting NSCLC patients suitable for neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy.
Non-invasive prediction for pathologic complete response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in lung cancer using CT-based deep learning: a multicenter study; Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy has revolutionized the therapeutic strategy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and identifying candidates likely responding to this advanced treatment is of important clinical significance. The current multi-institutional study aims to develop a deep learning model to predict pathologic complete response (pCR) to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC based on computed tomography (CT) imaging and further prob the biologic foundation of the proposed deep learning signature. A total of 248 participants administrated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy followed by surgery for NSCLC at Ruijin Hospital, Ningbo Hwamei Hospital, and Affiliated Hospital of Zunyi Medical University from January 2019 to September 2023 were enrolled. The imaging data within 2 weeks prior to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were retrospectively extracted. Patients from Ruijin Hospital were grouped as the training set (n = 104) and the validation set (n = 69) at the 6:4 ratio, and other participants from Ningbo Hwamei Hospital and Affiliated Hospital of Zunyi Medical University served as an external cohort (n = 75). For the entire population, pCR was obtained in 29.4% (n = 73) of cases. The areas under the curve (AUCs) of our deep learning signature for pCR prediction were 0.775 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.649 - 0.901) and 0.743 (95% CI: 0.618 - 0.869) in the validation set and the external cohort, significantly superior than 0.579 (95% CI: 0.468 - 0.689) and 0.569 (95% CI: 0.454 - 0.683) of the clinical model. Furthermore, higher deep learning scores correlated to the upregulation for pathways of cell metabolism and more antitumor immune infiltration in microenvironment. Our developed deep learning model is capable of predicting pCR to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in patients with NSCLC.
Targeted therapeutic options in early and metastatic NSCLC-overview; The complex therapeutic strategy of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has changed significantly in recent years. Disease-free survival increased significantly with immunotherapy and chemotherapy registered in perioperative treatments, as well as adjuvant registered immunotherapy and targeted therapy (osimertinib) in case of EGFR mutation. In oncogenic-addictive metastatic NSCLC, primarily in adenocarcinoma, the range of targeted therapies is expanding, with which the expected overall survival increases significantly, measured in years. By 2021, the FDA and EMA have approved targeted agents to inhibit EGFR activating mutations, T790 M resistance mutation, BRAF V600E mutation, ALK, ROS1, NTRK and RET fusion. In 2022, the range of authorized target therapies was expanded. With therapies that inhibit KRASG12C, EGFR exon 20, HER2 and MET. Until now, there was no registered targeted therapy for the KRAS mutations, which affect 30% of adenocarcinomas. Thus, the greatest expectation surrounded the inhibition of the KRAS G12C mutation, which occurs in ∼15% of NSCLC, mainly in smokers and is characterized by a poor prognosis. Sotorasib and adagrasib are approved as second-line agents after at least one prior course of chemotherapy and/or immunotherapy. Adagrasib in first-line combination with pembrolizumab immunotherapy proved more beneficial, especially in patients with high expression of PD-L1. In EGFR exon 20 insertion mutation of lung adenocarcinoma, amivantanab was registered for progression after platinum-based chemotherapy. Lung adenocarcinoma carries an EGFR exon 20, HER2 insertion mutation in 2%, for which the first targeted therapy is trastuzumab deruxtecan, in patients already treated with platinum-based chemotherapy. Two orally administered selective c-MET inhibitors, capmatinib and tepotinib, were also approved after chemotherapy in adenocarcinoma carrying MET exon 14 skipping mutations of about 3%. Incorporating reflex testing with next-generation sequencing (NGS) expands personalized therapies by identifying guideline-recommended molecular alterations.
Efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy followed by adjuvant immunotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of phase 3 clinical trials; Objective: At present, several important trials have been published show that perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy can improve the prognosis of patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer, which further optimizes treatment options. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy and safety of perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer. Methods: The following databases were searched for relevant studies: PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane library (updated 12 October 2023). All randomized trials comparing perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone in resectable non-small cell lung cancer were eligible for inclusion. Data were analyzed using Review Manager 5.4.1 (Cochrane collaboration software). Primary outcomes and measures included overall survival (OS), event-free survival (EFS), pathological complete response (pCR), major pathological response (MPR), R0 resection rate, rate of underwent surgery and adverse events (AEs). Results: A total of 2912 patients (1453 receiving perioperative immunotherapy plus chemotherapy and 1459 receiving chemotherapy alone) were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. The result showed that compared with chemotherapy alone, combined therapy significantly improved OS (HR = 0.68;95% CI: 0.56-0.83), EFS (HR = 0.58;95% CI: 0.51-0.65), pCR (OR = 7.53;95% CI: 4.63-12.26), MPR (OR = 5.03;95% CI: 3.40-7.44), R0 resection (OR = 1.58;95% CI: 1.152.18) and rate of underwent surgery (OR = 1.25;95% CI: 1.04-1.49). However, combination therapy was associated with higher risk of severe adverse event (OR = 1.46;95% CI: 1.19-1.78; P=0.0002), grade 3 and higher treatment-related adverse event (TRAE) (OR = 1.25;95% CI: 1.06-1.49; P=0.010), TRAE that led to interruption (OR = 1.90;95% CI: 1.34-2.68; P=0.0003) and immune-related adverse event (OR = 2.78;95% CI: 2.18-3.55; P<0.00001). Significant benefits were observed across most subgroups of EFS and pCR. However, no statistical differences were observed for EFS of never smoked (HR = 0.73;95% CI: 0.51-1.05) and EGFR-mutation positive (HR = 0.35;95% CI: 0.04-3.03). Conclusion: This systematic review and meta-analysis found superior efficacy associated with perioperative immunotherapy plus chemotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone in both tumor regression and prolonged survival in resectable NSCLC, but increased the risk of TRAE, so monitoring for adverse events is warranted. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero, identifier (CRD42023476786).
Safety and efficacy of tislelizumab plus chemotherapy as preoperative treatment in potentially resectable locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients; OBJECTIVES: Locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) requires more preoperative regiments in the era of immunotherapy. Tislelizumab was approved for first-line treatment for advanced lung cancer, bringing hope for preoperative therapy in LA-NSCLC. The aim of this study was to investigate the safety and efficacy of preoperative tislelizumab plus chemotherapy in LA-NSCLC. METHODS: The medical records at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University were examined retrospectively from September 2019 to June 2022 for this descriptive single-arm cohort study. Patients with LA-NSCLC were treated with tislelizumab plus platinum-based dual-drug regimens for 2–6 cycles and regular imaging assessments were performed every 1–2 cycles. Data including demographic characteristics, clinicopathological staging, adverse events and surgery-related details were recorded in specifically designed forms. RESULTS: Forty patients met the inclusion criteria of the study and 23 patients underwent curative intent surgeries. Significantly clinical and pathological downstaging was observed, with the objective response rate being 65.00%, leading to a major pathological remission (MPR) rate of 56.52% and a pathological complete remission (pCR) rate of 34.78%. Grade 3–4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 4 patients and no perioperative death occurred. The 1-year progress-free survival rate and the 1-year overall survival rate were 85.0% and 90.0%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Tislelizumab plus chemotherapy as preoperative therapy demonstrates promising antitumour activity for potentially resectable LA-NSCLC with high MPR, pCR and acceptable toxicity and survival.
The Value of Perioperative Immunotherapy for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Pool- and Meta-Analysis; Purpose: This study aimed to analyze the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapies for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Electronic literature searches were conducted in PubMed, OVID, Web of SCI, Embase, Cochrane Library, and the Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure databases. The deadline for literature update and retrieval is February 16, 2024. Studies presented at meetings were also screened. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and single-arm trials were included, and the data were extracted according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Data analysis was performed using Stata (16.0) software. Results: A total of 5850 patients in 11 RCTs and 6 single-arm trial studies involving neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI)-based therapies were included. Regarding neoadjuvant therapy, the overall complication rate after surgery reached 35% (95% CI, 0.21-0.49). Higher rates of pathological complete response (OR = 7.83; 95% CI, 5.95-10.31; P <.001) and major pathological response (OR = 5.13; 95% CI, 3.56-7.40; P <.001) were found in the resectable NSCLC patients who received neoadjuvant therapy with ICIs combined with chemotherapy compared with patients treated with chemotherapy alone. Of note, compared with chemotherapy, neoadjuvant ICIs combined with chemotherapy significantly improved the overall survival (OS) (HR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.52-0.82; P <.001) and event-free survival (EFS) (HR = 0.59; 95% CI, 0.52-0.67; P <.001) in patients with resectable NSCLC. Regarding adjuvant therapy, a lower risk of disease progression or death (HR = 0.78; 95% CI, 0.69-0.90; P <.001) was found in the adjuvant ICI group compared with the adjuvant chemotherapy-alone group. In terms of safety, perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy did not increase toxicity compared with chemotherapy alone. Conclusion: In patients with resectable NSCLC, perioperative immunotherapy was safe and efficacious. Perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy improved the pathologic response and EFS/DFS/OS over chemotherapy alone without increasing toxicity.
CT-based quantification of intratumoral heterogeneity for predicting pathologic complete response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Objectives: To investigate the prediction of pathologic complete response (pCR) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) undergoing neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy (NAIC) using quantification of intratumoral heterogeneity from pre-treatment CT image. Methods: This retrospective study included 178 patients with NSCLC who underwent NAIC at 4 different centers. The training set comprised 108 patients from center A, while the external validation set consisted of 70 patients from center B, center C, and center D. The traditional radiomics model was contrasted using radiomics features. The radiomics features of each pixel within the tumor region of interest (ROI) were extracted. The optimal division of tumor subregions was determined using the K-means unsupervised clustering method. The internal tumor heterogeneity habitat model was developed using the habitats features from each tumor sub-region. The LR algorithm was employed in this study to construct a machine learning prediction model. The diagnostic performance of the model was evaluated using criteria such as area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), accuracy, specificity, sensitivity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV). Results: In the training cohort, the traditional radiomics model achieved an AUC of 0.778 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.688-0.868], while the tumor internal heterogeneity habitat model achieved an AUC of 0.861 (95% CI: 0.789-0.932). The tumor internal heterogeneity habitat model exhibits a higher AUC value. It demonstrates an accuracy of 0.815, surpassing the accuracy of 0.685 achieved by traditional radiomics models. In the external validation cohort, the AUC values of the two models were 0.723 (CI: 0.591-0.855) and 0.781 (95% CI: 0.673-0.889), respectively. The habitat model continues to exhibit higher AUC values. In terms of accuracy evaluation, the tumor heterogeneity habitat model outperforms the traditional radiomics model, achieving a score of 0.743 compared to 0.686. Conclusion: The quantitative analysis of intratumoral heterogeneity using CT to predict pCR in NSCLC patients undergoing NAIC holds the potential to inform clinical decision-making for resectable NSCLC patients, prevent overtreatment, and enable personalized and precise cancer management.
Pulmonary function test-related prognostic models in non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Background: This study aimed to establish a comprehensive clinical prognostic risk model based on pulmonary function tests. This model was intended to guide the evaluation and predictive management of patients with resectable stage I-III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Methods: Clinical pathological characteristics and prognostic survival data for 175 patients were collected. Univariate and multivariate Cox regression analyses, and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression analysis were employed to identify variables and construct corresponding models. These variables were integrated to develop a ridge regression model. The models’ discrimination and calibration were evaluated, and the optimal model was chosen following internal validation. Comparative analyses between the risk scores or groups of the optimal model and clinical factors were conducted to explore the potential clinical application value. Results: Univariate regression analysis identified smoking, complete pathologic response (CPR), and major pathologic response (MPR) as protective factors. Conversely, T staging, D-dimer/white blood cell ratio (DWBCR), D-dimer/fibrinogen ratio (DFR), and D-dimer/minute ventilation volume actual ratio (DMVAR) emerged as risk factors. Evaluation of the models confirmed their capability to accurately predict patient prognosis, exhibiting ideal discrimination and calibration, with the ridge regression model being optimal. Survival analysis demonstrated that the disease-free survival (DFS) in the high-risk group (HRG) was significantly shorter than in the low-risk group (LRG) (P=2.57×10-13). The time-dependent receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve indicated that the area under the curve (AUC) values at 1 year, 2 years, and 3 years were 0.74, 0.81, and 0.79, respectively. Clinical correlation analysis revealed that men with lung squamous cell carcinoma or comorbid chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) were predominantly in the LRG, suggesting a better prognosis and potentially identifying a beneficiary population for this treatment combination. Conclusion: The prognostic model developed in this study effectively predicts the prognosis of patients with NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. It offers valuable predictive insights for clinicians, aiding in developing treatment plans and monitoring disease progression.
NeoSCORE II: three vs four cycles of neoadjuvant sintilimab + chemotherapy for squamous non-small-cell lung cancer; Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) plus chemotherapy has demonstrated efficacy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), yet the optimal period of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy is undetermined. In a phase II study (neoSCORE, NCT04459611), more neoadjuvant therapy cycles appeared to provide greater pathological remission, and patients with squamous NSCLC had a better major pathological response rate than those with nonsquamous NSCLC. Sintilimab, a monoclonal anti-PD-1 antibody, has shown encouraging antitumor activity and safety in multiple cancers, including NSCLC. Here, we describe the study design of neoSCORE II (NCT05429463), a randomized, open-label, multicenter phase III trial comparing the efficacy and safety of three cycles with four cycles of neoadjuvant sintilimab plus platinum-based chemotherapy in resectable stage IIA-IIIB squamous NSCLC.
Lung cancer in females—sex-based differences from males in epidemiology, biology, and outcomes: a narrative review; Background and Objective: The role of biological sex is seldom considered in characterizing lung cancer, the deadliest cancer in both the United States and the world. Lung cancer has traditionally been regarded as a male disease; as such, research in female-specific phenomena is frequently conflicting or absent. Currently, disparities in lung cancer incidence are primarily driven by females, especially non-smokers and those of younger age. This narrative review provides insight into sex-specific characteristics of lung cancer, highlighting risk factors, diagnosis patterns, carcinogenesis, and treatment outcomes in females. Methods: The PubMed database was searched on July 26, 2023 to identify research published between 2013 and 2023 in English. Sixty-three articles were considered relevant, and their full texts and citations were studied to compile information for this narrative review. Key Content and Findings: Exposure-related risk factors, including personal tobacco use, are thought to impact female lung cancer risk more profoundly. However, studies on occupational exposures are underpowered to conclude risk in females. Data characterizing the effect of endogenous and exogenous hormonal exposures on female lung cancer risk remain two-sided. Screening guidelines are tailored to white males, exacerbating sex and race disparities. The effect of biological sex on carcinogenesis and the immune system response to cancer is not fully understood, though the female immune system clearly reacts more aggressively to lung cancer. In early-stage disease, females have greater survival in the perioperative setting and during follow-up of several years, attributed to favorable histopathology and healthier baseline status. Sex-specific response to systemic treatment continues to be optimized as lack of standardization in randomized trials makes interpreting results difficult when aggregated. Conclusions: Biological sex plays a critical role in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), though further study is needed to depict the complex web of factors that affect lung cancer risk, development, and outcomes. Female underrepresentation in studies has contributed to this lack of understanding. As these disparities are eliminated, we can move towards more effective treatment for both sexes in this pervasive yet deadly disease.
Treatment patterns and clinical outcomes of patients with resectable non–small cell lung cancer receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy: A large-scale, multicenter, real-world study (NeoR-World); Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has ushered in a new era of perioperative treatment for resectable non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, large-scale data for verifying the efficacy and optimizing the therapeutic strategies of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy in routine clinical practice are scarce. Methods: NeoR-World (NCT05974007) was a multicenter, retrospective cohort study involving patients who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy or chemotherapy alone in routine clinical practice from 11 medical centers in China between January 2010 and March 2022. Propensity score matching was performed to address indication bias. Results: A total of 408 patients receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and 684 patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy were included. The pathologic complete response (pCR) and major pathologic response (MPR) rates of the real-world neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy cohort were 32.8% and 58.1%, respectively. Notably, patients with squamous cell carcinoma exhibited significantly higher pCR and MPR rates than those with adenocarcinoma (pCR, 39.2% vs 16.5% [P < .001]; MPR, 66.6% vs 36.5% [P < .001]), whereas pCR and MPR rates were comparable among patients receiving different neoadjuvant cycles. In addition, the 2-year rates of disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) rate were 82.0% and 93.1%, respectively. Multivariate analyses identified adjuvant therapy as an independent prognostic factor for DFS (hazard ratio [HR], 0.51; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.29-0.89; P = .018) and OS (HR, 0.28; 95% CI, 0.13-0.58; P < .001). A significantly longer DFS with adjuvant therapy was observed in patients with non-pCR or 2 neoadjuvant cycles. We observed significant benefits in pCR rate (32.4% vs 6.4%; P < .001), DFS (HR, 0.50; 95% CI, 0.38-0.68; P < .001) and OS (HR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.40-0.94; P = .024) with immunotherapy plus chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone both in the primary propensity-matched cohort and across most key subgroups. Conclusions: The study validates the superior efficacy of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy over chemotherapy alone for NSCLC. Adjuvant therapy could prolong DFS in patients receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy, and patients with non-pCR or those who underwent 2 neoadjuvant cycles were identified as potential beneficiaries of adjuvant therapy.
Dynamics of peripheral blood inflammatory index predict tumor pathological response and survival among patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer who underwent neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy: a multi-cohort retrospective study; Background: Static tumor features before initiating anti-tumor treatment were insufficient to distinguish responding from non-responding tumors under the selective pressure of immuno-therapy. Herein we investigated the longitudinal dynamics of peripheral blood inflammatory indexes (dPBI) and its value in predicting major pathological response (MPR) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: A total of 147 patients with NSCLC who underwent neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy were retrospectively reviewed as training cohort, and 26 NSCLC patients from a phase II trial were included as validation cohort. Peripheral blood inflammatory indexes were collected at baseline and as posttreatment status; their dynamics were calculated as their posttreatment values minus their baseline level. Least absolute shrinkage and selection operator algorithm was utilized to screen out predictors for MPR, and a MPR score was integrated. We constructed a model incorporating this MPR score and clinical predictors for predicting MPR and evaluated its predictive capacity via the area under the curve (AUC) of the receiver operating characteristic and calibration curves. Furthermore, we sought to interpret this MPR score in the context of micro-RNA transcriptomic analysis in plasma exosomes for 12 paired samples (baseline and posttreatment) obtained from the training cohort. Results: Longitudinal dynamics of monocyte–lymphocyte ratio, platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio, platelet-to-albumin ratio, and prognostic nutritional index were screened out as significant indicators for MPR and a MPR score was integrated, which was further identified as an independent predictor of MPR. Then, we constructed a predictive model incorporating MPR score, histology, and differentiated degree, which discriminated MPR and non-MPR patients well in both the training and validation cohorts with an AUC value of 0.803 and 0.817, respectively. Furthermore, micro-RNA transcriptomic analysis revealed the association between our MPR score and immune regulation pathways. A significantly better event-free survival was seen in subpopulations with a high MPR score. Conclusion: Our findings suggested that dPBI reflected responses to neoadjuvant immuno-chemotherapy for NSCLC. The MPR score, a non-invasive biomarker integrating their dynamics, captured the miRNA transcriptomic pattern in the tumor microenvironment and distinguished MPR from non-MPR for neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy, which could support the clinical decisions on the utilization of immune checkpoint inhibitor-based treatments in NSCLC patients.
Comprehensive Analysis of Immune Responses to Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy using immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) has revolutionized the treatment of early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, little is known about which patients are likely to benefit most from neoadjuvant immunotherapy. In this study, we performed a multiplatform analysis on samples from resectable NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy to explore molecular characteristics related to immune responses. Patients and Methods: A total of 17 patients with resectable stage IB–IIIA NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy were included. A multiplex cytokine assay, bulk TCR sequencing in peripheral blood, and multiplexed immunohistochemistry were performed. Results: Low levels of stromal cell-derived factor (SDF)-1alpha at baseline were associated with unfavorable disease-free survival (DFS). Patients with major pathologic response (MPR) showed a decrease in HGF after one cycle of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. An increase in IDO and IP-10 was observed in patients who developed immune-related adverse events (irAEs) after neoadjuvant immunotherapy. There were no correlations between irAEs and MPR or DFS. The MPR group presented a significant decrease in white blood cells and neutrophil count after neoadjuvant immunotherapy. The high peripheral baseline TCR convergence was correlated with MPR and favorable DFS in lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC) receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy led to a significant increase in CD4+, CD8+, and CD8+CD39+ T-cell infiltration in tumor areas. Conclusions: This study suggests the potential roles of cytokines and TCR convergence for predicting ICIs response in resectable NSCLC and LUSC. CD8+CD39+T cells and CD4+ T cells could be involved in the action of neoadjuvant immunotherapy.
Neoadjuvant Chemo-Immunotherapy for Early-Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Importance: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) with neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) plus chemotherapy (ICI-chemotherapy) for patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have reported consistent associations with event-free survival (EFS) and pathologic complete response (pCR) pending longer follow-up for overall survival data. Objective: To assess the pooled benefit of ICI-chemotherapy in 2-year EFS and pCR among patients with NSCLC and examine the impact of clinical, pathologic, and treatment-related factors. Data Sources: Full-text articles and abstracts in English were searched in EMBASE, PubMed, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews through November 1, 2023, and in oncology conference proceedings from January 1, 2008, to November 1, 2023. Study Selection: Phase 2 or 3 RCTs with neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy with or without adjuvant ICIs vs neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone with or without placebo or observation in patients with previously untreated NSCLC staged IB to IIIB were included. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Data extraction of prespecified data elements was performed by 2 reviewers using a structured data abstraction electronic form. A random-effects model was used for meta-analysis. The meta-analysis followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline. Main Outcomes and Measures: Two-year EFS and pCR were the outcomes of interest in patients who received neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy (experimental arm) or neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone (control arm). Aggregated pooled hazard ratios (HRs) for time-to-event outcomes (2-year EFS) and risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes (pCR) with their respective 95% CIs were calculated. Results: Eight trials with 3387 patients were included, with some concerns of risk of bias as assessed by the Cochrane Collaboration method, mainly related to outcomes measurements. Neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy was associated with improved 2-year EFS (HR, 0.57; 95% CI, 0.50-0.66; P <.001) and increased pCR rate (RR, 5.58; 95% CI, 4.27-7.29; P <.001) in the experimental vs control treatment arms. This association was not significantly modified by the main patient characteristics; tumor- or treatment-related factors, including tumor programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) status; type of platinum-compound chemotherapy; number of cycles of neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy; or addition of adjuvant ICIs. Patients whose tumor cells were negative for PD-L1 were at higher risk of relapse (HR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.62-0.91) than were those with low (HR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.37-0.71) or high PD-L1 (HR, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.27-0.58) (P =.005). Conclusions and Relevance: In this systematic review and meta-analysis of neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy RCTs in patients with early-stage NSCLC, 3 cycles of neoadjuvant platinum-based ICI-chemotherapy were associated with a meaningful improvement in 2-year EFS and pCR.
Efficacy of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a real-world, multicenter, retrospective study; Background: Resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients have a high risk of recurrence. Multiple randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have shown that neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy brings new hope for these patients. The study aims to evaluate the safety, surgery-related outcomes and oncological outcomes for neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in real-world setting with a large sample size and long-term follow-up. Methods: Patients with clinical stage IB–IIIB NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy at two Chinese institutions were included in this retrospective cohort study. Surgical and oncological outcomes of the enrolled NSCLC patients were collected and analyzed. Results: There were 158 patients identified, of which 124 (78.5%) were at stage IIIA–IIIB and the remaining 34 (21.5%) were at stage IB–IIB. Forty-one patients (25.9%) received two cycles of neoadjuvant treatment, 80 (50.6%) had three cycles, and 37 (23.4%) had four cycles. Twenty-four patients (15.2%) experienced grade 3 or worse immune-related adverse events. The median interval time between the last neoadjuvant therapy and surgery was 37 [interquartile range (IQR), 31–43] days. Fifty-eight out of 96 (60.4%) central NSCLC patients who were expected to undergo complex surgery had the scope or the difficulty of operation reduced. Ninety-five (60.1%) patients achieved major pathologic response (MPR), including 62 (39.2%) patients with pathologic complete response (pCR). Multivariate regression analysis showed that no clinical factor other than programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression was predictive of the pathological response. The median follow-up time from diagnosis was 27.1 months. MPR and pCR were significantly associated with improved progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Neither stage nor PD-L1 expression was significantly associated with long-term survival. Conclusions: The neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy is a feasible strategy for NSCLC with a favorable rate of pCR/MPR, modified resection and 2-year survival. No clinical factor other than PD-L1 expression was predictive of the pathological response. pCR/MPR may be effective surrogate endpoint for survival in NSCLC patients who received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy.
Molecular Markers, Immune Therapy, and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer—State-of-the-Art Review for Surgeons; Background: Lung cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. An increasing understanding of relevant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) biomarkers has led to the recent development of molecular-targeted therapies and immune checkpoint inhibitors that have revolutionized treatment for patients with advanced and metastatic disease. The purpose of this review is to provide surgeons with a state-of-the-art understanding of the current medical and surgical treatment trends and their implications in the future of management of NSCLC. Materials and Methods: A systematic search of PubMed was conducted to identify English language articles published between January 2010 and March 2024 focusing on molecular markers, tumor targeting, and immunotherapy in the diagnosis and treatment of NSCLC. Case series, observational studies, randomized trials, guidelines, narrative reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses were included. Results: There is now increasing data to suggest that molecular-targeted therapies and immune therapies have a role in the neoadjuvant setting. Advances in intraoperative imaging allow surgeons to perform increasingly parenchymal-sparing lung resections without compromising tumor margins. Liquid biopsies can noninvasively detect targetable mutations in cancer cells and DNA from a blood draw, potentially allowing for earlier diagnosis, personalized therapy, and long-term monitoring for disease recurrence. Conclusions: The management of NSCLC has advanced dramatically in recent years fueled by a growing understanding of the cancer biology of NSCLC. Advances in medical therapies, surgical techniques, and diagnostic and surveillance modalities continue to evolve but have already impacted current treatment strategies for NSCLC, which are encompassed in this review.
Atezolizumab before and after Chemoradiation for Unresectable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Phase II Nonrandomized Controlled Trial; Importance: Outcomes for patients with unresectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with chemoradiation therapy (CRT) have improved with adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors, with a reported 5-year overall survival benefit of approximately 10% for adjuvant durvalumab vs placebo after completion of CRT without progression and with preserved performance status. Starting atezolizumab prior to CRT may allow more patients to benefit from immunotherapy. Objective: To evaluate clinical outcomes of patients treated with atezolizumab before and after CRT for unresectable stage III NSCLC. Design, Setting, and Participants: This single-cohort, phase II, nonrandomized controlled trial was conducted at 11 US sites. Patients with pathologically confirmed, unresectable stage III NSCLC who were treatment naive and had good performance status were enrolled between January 3, 2018, and July 24, 2019. Data were locked on March 21, 2023. Interventions: Patients received four 21-day cycles of atezolizumab, 1200 mg intravenously, with therapy administered on day 1 of each cycle. Patients not experiencing tumor progression continued to CRT (60 Gy to involved fields) concurrent with weekly carboplatin area under the curve of 2 and paclitaxel, 50 mg/m2, followed by planned consolidation carboplatin area under the curve of 6 and paclitaxel, 200 mg/m2, for two 21-day cycles. Patients not experiencing progression continued atezolizumab, 1200 mg, every 21 days to complete 1 year of therapy. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary end point was the disease control rate at 12 weeks. Secondary end points were progression-free survival, overall survival, overall response rate, safety, and translational science end points. Results: A total of 62 patients (median [range] age, 63.9 [38.1-86.5] years; 32 female [51.6%]) were enrolled and received at least 1 dose of atezolizumab. The disease control rate at 12 weeks was 74.2% (80% CI, 65.7%-81.4%). Median progression-free survival was 30.0 months (95% CI, 15.8 to not evaluable), and the median overall survival was not reached. The overall survival rate at 24 months was 73.7% (95% CI, 63.4%-85.7%), and the overall response rate was 66.2%. Seventeen patients (27.4%) experienced grade 3 or higher immune-related adverse events, including 1 with grade 5 pneumonitis and 1 with grade 4 Guillain-Barré syndrome. Thirty patients (48.4%) experienced grade 3 or higher treatment-related adverse events. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that neoadjuvant atezolizumab merits further study based on safety and encouraging outcomes. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03102242.
A deep learning model for predicting the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Objective: An artificial intelligence (AI) model based on deep learning algorithms was constructed using clinical data to evaluate the feasibility of predicting the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Clinical and pathological data of 132 patients with NSCLC who were diagnosed and treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy between January 2020 and January 2024 at Beijing Chest Hospital/Beijing Tuberculosis and Thoracic Tumor Research Institute were collected. Statistical analysis was conducted to identify the main factors affecting the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy. Variables were selected based on statistical results and relevant literature, and a variable data-set was constructed. A deep learning model was established using a multi-layer perceptron (MLP) algorithm with 5-fold cross-validation, and the performance of the model was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC). Results: Among the 132 patients, univariate analysis demonstrated statistically significant differences in sex (P=0.020), smoking history (P=0.004), carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) (P=0.038) and programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) ≥1% (P=0.038) between the major pathological response (MPR) and non-MPR groups. Patients in the complete pathological response (pCR) group and non-pCR groups showed statistical differences in tumor size (P=0.007) and CEA levels (P=0.010). After 5-fold cross-validation, the average area under the curve (AUC) of the MPR prediction model in the validation and test sets was 0.72 and 0.71, respectively. Conclusions: The deep learning model can effectively predict the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in patients with NSCLC.
Perioperative immune perturbations of the metastatic microenvironment in a murine PDAC orthotopic resection model; Surgical resection is currently the mainstay of treatment for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). After “curative intent” resection, distant metastasis occurs in majority of patients, indicating that PDAC is a systemic disease and should be considered as such at the time of surgical resection. Despite this, the effects of tumor resection on the systemic disease are not fully elucidated. Surgical trauma induces systemic immunosuppression, that can result in a “window of opportunity”, affecting metastatic seeding and outgrowth, as well as responsiveness to therapy. We used an orthotopic resection model in immunocompetent mice by performing a distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy. Using this model system, we identified outcomes similar to human disease, such as a survival benefit upon resection, systemic disease at the time of resection, and metastatic dissemination predominantly in the liver, lung, and peritoneum. Since the liver is the most common site of recurrence in human PDAC and portends a poorer prognosis than other metastases, we investigated the effect of tumor resection on the hepatic microenvironment. In surgically stressed mice undergoing sham resection and splenectomy, we identified an increase in eosinophils and a decrease in neutrophils, and these immune perturbations were augmented upon tumor resection. Time-course analysis identified transient changes in tissue resident and conventional NK cells, as well as macrophage and monocyte populations. Taken together, we have utilized a preclinical model that simulates human disease progression and response to surgery, and identified tumor resection specific alterations in the liver metastatic microenvironment. An improved understanding of the immune perturbations during this perioperative window may identify new immunotherapy strategies benefiting PDAC patients to help treat this systemic disease.
The LASRE trial: further support for laparoscopic total mesorectal excision?; Background and Objective: Tumor treating fields (TTFields) therapy have emerged as a potentially effective treatment for various malignancies by delivering low-intensity, intermediate-frequency electrical fields that disrupt many processes inside cells, resulting in the interruption of cell division in cancer cells. Additionally, TTFields therapy has been found to be synergistic with existing therapeutic approaches. In this review, we provide an introduction and background to the primary mechanisms of TTFields and discuss the emerging preclinical and clinical outcomes of this novel cancer treatment technology. Methods: We performed a literature search on PubMed, ClinicalTrials.Gov, and Google Scholar using the terms ‘TTFields’ and ‘cancer’. We included studies, review articles, and editorials published in English from 1st January 2000 to 1st October 2023. All obtained publications were reviewed and their key references are cross-checked to ensure a balanced and high-quality review. Key Content and Findings: Clinical studies reported to date have demonstrated the survival advantage of TTFields therapy in newly diagnosed glioblastoma (GBM), non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and meaningful clinical activity in recurrent GBM (rGBM) and malignant pleural mesothelioma. Moreover, TTFields therapy has exhibited promising safety profiles across a diverse range of cancers including pancreatic cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), ovarian cancer, NSCLC, and gastric cancer, when combined with cytotoxic chemotherapy and/or immunotherapy regimens, suggesting broad applicability as an added treatment modality. Conclusions: Based on preclinical and clinical studies, TTFields therapy show promise as a potential treatment option for patients with a number of different malignancies, offering a favorable safety profile and the potential for significant clinical benefit. Further research is warranted to establish the optimal treatment parameters and identify specific patient subgroups that may derive the greatest advantage from this treatment modality.
Tumor microenvironment remodeling after neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer revealed by single-cell RNA sequencing; Background: Immunotherapy has revolutionized cancer treatment, but most patients are refractory to immunotherapy or acquire resistance, with the underlying mechanisms remaining to be explored. Methods: We characterized the transcriptomes of ~92,000 single cells from 3 pre-treatment and 12 post-treatment patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who received neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade combined with chemotherapy. The 12 post-treatment samples were categorized into two groups based on pathologic response: major pathologic response (MPR; n = 4) and non-MPR (NMPR; n = 8). Results: Distinct therapy-induced cancer cell transcriptomes were associated with clinical response. Cancer cells from MPR patients exhibited a signature of activated antigen presentation via major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC-II). Further, the transcriptional signatures of FCRL4+FCRL5+ memory B cells and CD16+CX3CR1+ monocytes were enriched in MPR patients and are predictors of immunotherapy response. Cancer cells from NMPR patients exhibited overexpression of estrogen metabolism enzymes and elevated serum estradiol. In all patients, therapy promoted expansion and activation of cytotoxic T cells and CD16+ NK cells, reduction of immunosuppressive Tregs, and activation of memory CD8+T cells into an effector phenotype. Tissue-resident macrophages were expanded after therapy, and tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) were remodeled into a neutral instead of an anti-tumor phenotype. We revealed the heterogeneity of neutrophils during immunotherapy and identified an aged CCL3+ neutrophil subset was decreased in MPR patients. The aged CCL3+ neutrophils were predicted to interact with SPP1+ TAMs through a positive feedback loop to contribute to a poor therapy response. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade combined with chemotherapy led to distinct NSCLC tumor microenvironment transcriptomes that correlated with therapy response. Although limited by a small patient sample size subjected to combination therapy, this study provides novel biomarkers to predict therapy response and suggests potential strategies to overcome immunotherapy resistance.
Emerging evidence and treatment paradigm of non-small cell lung cancer; Research on biomarker-driven therapy and immune check-point blockade in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is rapidly evolving. The width and depth of clinical trials have also dramatically improved in an unprecedented speed. The personalized treatment paradigm evolved every year. In this review, we summarize the promising agents that have shifted the treatment paradigm for NSCLC patients across all stages, including targeted therapy and immunotherapy using checkpoint inhibitors. Based on recent evidence, we propose treatment algorithms for NSCLC and propose several unsolved clinical issues, which are being explored in ongoing clinical trials. The results of these trials are likely to impact future clinical practice.
“Major pathologic response” in lymph nodes: a modified nodal classification for non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy; We aim to examine the prognostic value of major pathologic response in metastatic lymph nodes (mLN-MPR) after immunochemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and demonstrate the pathological characteristic of regression in mLN. Adult patients consecutively undergone neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and radical-intent surgery for initial stage cIII NSCLC between 2020 and 2021 were included. Hematoxylin- and eosin-stained slides of paraffinembedded sections of the degree of pathologic response in the primary tumor (PT) and its paired involved LNs were reviewed. Imaging mass cytometry was conducted to quantify the immunological status. With 10% as residual viable tumor (RVT) cutoff, mLN-MPR (HR: 0.34, 95%CI: 0.14–0.78; P = 0.011, ref: mLN-MPR(-)) showed more significant correlation with DFS than ypN0 (HR: 0.40, 95%CI: 0.17–0.94; P = 0.036, ref: ypN1-N2). And mLN-MPR combined with PT-MPR, compared with ypN stage combined with PT-MPR (p-value: 0.030 vs. 0.117), can better distinguished the DFS curves of the 4 subgroups of patients. mLN-MPR(+)/PT-MPR(+) patients had the best prognosis compared with other subgroups. Pathologic responses of RVT in PT and paired regional LNs [MPR inconsistency rate: 21/53 (39.6%)], and across different LNs could be inconsistent, especially in squamous cell carcinoma. RVT% in mLNs after immunochemotherapy appeared to be polarized [16 (30.2%) cases with RVT ≥ 70%; 34 (64.2%) with RVT ≤ 10%]. Partial regression of LN metastasis could present with distinct immune subtypes: immune-inflamed or immune-evacuation subtype, and the former presented with higher CD3, CD8, and PD-1 expression in the invasive margin. mLN-MPR demonstrated a potential prognostic value in predicting DFS in patients treated with neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy, but further research is needed to validate its usefulness for other survival outcomes, including OS.
PD-1 blockade potentiates neoadjuvant chemotherapy in NSCLC via increasing CD127+ and KLRG1+ CD8 T cells; The combination of PD-1 blockade with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) has achieved unprecedented clinical success in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) compared to NAC alone, but the underlying mechanisms by which PD-1 blockade augments the effects of chemotherapy remain incompletely elucidated. Single-cell RNA sequencing was performed on CD45+ immune cells isolated from surgically resected fresh tumors of seven NSCLC patients receiving NAC or neoadjuvant pembrolizumab and chemotherapy (NAPC). Multiplex fluorescent immunohistochemistry was performed on FFPE tissues before and after NAC or NAPC from 65 resectable NSCLC patients, and results were validated with GEO dataset. NAC resulted in an increase only of CD20+ B cells, whereas NAPC increased the infiltration of CD20+ B cells, CD4+ T cells, CD4+CD127+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, CD8+CD127+ and CD8+KLRG1+ T cells. Synergistic increase in B and T cells promotes favorable therapeutic response after NAPC. Spatial distribution analysis discovered that CD8+ T cells and their CD127+ and KLRG1+ subsets were in closer proximity to CD4+ T/CD20+ B cells in NAPC versus NAC. GEO dataset validated that B-cell, CD4, memory, and effector CD8 signatures correlated with therapeutic responses and clinical outcomes. The addition of PD-1 blockade to NAC promoted anti-tumor immunity through T and B cells recruitment in the tumor microenvironment and induced tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T cells skewed toward CD127+ and KLRG1+ phenotypes, which may be assisted by CD4+ T cells and B cells. Our comprehensive study identified key immune cell subsets exerting anti-tumor responses during PD-1 blockade therapy and that may be therapeutically targeted to improve upon existing immunotherapies for NSCLC.
MMR gene patterns evaluation provides novel insights for personalized immunotherapy compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in lung adenocarcinama; Background: The association involving mismatch repair (MMR) genes, molecular subtype and specific immune cell group in tumor microenvironment has been focused by more recent studies. Its prognosis value in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) neoadjuvant chemotherapy remains elusive. Methods: The correlation between the MMR gene patterns and the immune landscape were comprehensively evaluated. The MMRScore was calculated using principal component analysis (PCA) after grouping using R/mclust package. The prognostic significance of the MMRScore was evaluated by Kaplan-merrier analysis. Then a cohort of 103 Chinese LUAD patients was collected for neoadjuvant chemotherapy prognosis evaluation and validation using MMRScore. Results: Four MMRclusters (mc1, 2, 3, 4)-characterized by differences in extent of aneuploidy, expression of immunomodulatory (IM) genes, mRNA expression, lncRNA expression and prognosis were identified. We established MMRscore to quantify the MMR pattern of individual LUAD patients. As is shown in further analyses, the MMRscore was a potential independent prognostic factor of LUAD. Finally, the prognostic value of the MMRscore and its association with tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) of LUAD were verified in Chinese LUAD cohort. Conclusions: We demonstrated the correlation between MMR gene pattern, the CNV and tumor immune landscape in LUAD. A MMRcluster mc2 with high MMRscore, high TMB and high CNV subtype was identified with poor prognosis and infiltrating immunocyte. The comprehensive evaluation of MMR patterns in individual LUAD patients enhances the understanding of TIME and gives a new insight toward improved immune treatment strategies for LUAD patients compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Clinical utility of [18F]FDG PET/CT in the assessment of mediastinal lymph node disease after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer; Objectives: The performance of positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) for the prediction of ypN2 disease in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy has not been reported. This multicenter study investigated the utility of PET/CT to assess ypN2 disease in these patients. Methods: A total of 181 consecutive patients (chemoimmunotherapy = 86, chemotherapy = 95) at four institutions were enrolled in this study. Every patient received a PET/CT scan prior to surgery and complete resection with systematic nodal dissection. The diagnostic performance was evaluated through area under the curve (AUC). Kaplan–Meier method and Cox analysis were performed to identify the risk factors affecting recurrences. Results: The sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy of PET/CT for ypN2 diseases were 0.667, 0.835, and 0.779, respectively. Therefore, the AUC was 0.751. Compared with the false positive cases, the mean value of max standardized uptake value (SUVmax) (6.024 vs. 2.672, p < 0.001) of N2 nodes was significantly higher in true positive patients. Moreover, the SUVmax of true positive (7.671 vs. 5.976, p = 0.365) and false (2.433 vs. 2.339, p = 0.990) positive cases were similar between chemoimmunotherapy and chemotherapy, respectively. Survival analysis proved that pathologic N (ypN) 2 patients could be stratified by PET/CT-N2(+ vs. -) for both chemoimmunotherapy (p = 0.023) and chemotherapy (p = 0.010). Conclusions: PET/CT is an accurate and non-invasive test for mediastinal restaging of NSCLC patients who receive neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. The ypN2 patients with PET/CT-N2(+) are identified as an independent prognostic factor compared with PET/CT-N2(-). Clinical relevance statement: Imaging with 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) plays an integral role during disease diagnosis, staging, and therapeutic response assessments in patients with NSCLC. PET/CT could be an effective non-invasive tool for predicting ypN2 diseases after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Key Points: • PET/CT could serve as an effective non-invasive tool for predicting ypN2 diseases. • The ypN2 patients with PET/CT-N2(+) were a strong and independent prognostic factor. • The application of PET/CT for restaging should be encouraged in clinical practice.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab with or without platinum-doublet chemotherapy based on PD-L1 expression in resectable NSCLC (CTONG1804): a multicenter open-label phase II study; This prospective multicenter phase II study evaluated the clinical efficacy of neoadjuvant nivolumab-exclusive (N) and nivolumab–chemotherapy (N/C) combinations based on PD-L1 expression. Eligible patients exhibited resectable clinical stage IIA–IIIB (AJCC 8th edition) NSCLC without EGFR/ALK alterations. Patients received either mono-nivolumab (N) or nivolumab + nab-paclitaxel+ carboplatin (N/C) for three cycles based on PD-L1 expression. The primary endpoint was the major pathological response (MPR). Key secondary endpoints included the pathologic complete response (pCR), objective response rate (ORR), and event-free survival (EFS). Baseline PD-L1 expression and perioperative circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) status were correlated with pCR and EFS. Fifty-two patients were enrolled, with 46 undergoing surgeries. The MPR was 50.0% (26/52), with 25.0% (13/52) achieving pCR, and 16.7% and 66.7% for patients with PD-L1 ≥ 50% in N and N/C groups, respectively. Thirteen (25.0%) patients experienced grade 3 or higher immune-related adverse events during neoadjuvant treatment. Patients with post-neoadjuvant ctDNA negativity was more likely to have pCR (39.1%) compared with those remained positive (6.7%, odds ratio = 6.14, 95% CI 0.84-Inf, p = 0.077). With a median follow-up of 25.1 months, the 18-month EFS rate was 64.8% (95% CI 51.9–81.0%). For patients with ctDNA– vs. ctDNA + , the 18m-EFS rate was 93.8% vs 47.3% (HR, 0.15; 95% CI 0.04, 0.94; p = 0.005). Immunochemotherapy may serve as an optimal neoadjuvant treatment even for patients with PD-L1 expression ≥ 50%. ctDNA negativity following neoadjuvant treatment and surgery could help identify superior pathological and survival benefits, which requires further confirmation in a prospective clinical trial (NCT04015778).
Neoadjuvant durvalumab plus radiation versus durvalumab alone in stages I–III non-small cell lung cancer: survival outcomes and molecular correlates of a randomized phase II trial; We previously reported the results of a randomized phase II trial (NCT02904954) in patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who were treated with either two preoperative cycles of the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab alone or combined with immunomodulatory doses of stereotactic radiation (DRT). The trial met its primary endpoint of major pathological response, which was significantly higher following DRT with no new safety signals. Here, we report on the prespecified secondary endpoint of disease-free survival (DFS) regardless of treatment assignment and the prespecified exploratory analysis of DFS in each arm of the trial. DFS at 2 and 3 years across patients in both arms of the trial were 73% (95% CI: 62.1–84.5) and 65% (95% CI: 52.5–76.9) respectively. For the exploratory endpoint of DFS in each arm of the trial, three-year DFS was 63% (95% CI: 46.0–80.4) in the durvalumab monotherapy arm compared to 67% (95% CI: 49.6–83.4) in the dual therapy arm. In addition, we report post hoc exploratory analysis of progression-free survival as well as molecular correlates of response and recurrence through high-plex immunophenotyping of sequentially collected peripheral blood and gene expression profiles from resected tumors in both treatment arms. Together, our results contribute to the evolving landscape of neoadjuvant treatment regimens for NSCLC and identify easily measurable potential biomarkers of response and recurrence.
Evaluation of combined pathological responses in primary tumor and lymph nodes following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Inconsistent pathological responses of tumor and lymph nodes (LNs) were frequently observed in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. However, there is a lack of studies to report the prognostic significance and the relevant clinicopathological factors of tumor-nodal inconsistent responses after neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy. Therefore, this study aimed to depict the inconsistent pathological combined tumor-nodal responses in NSCLC patients after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy as well as the underlying clinical significance. Methods: A total of 81 node-positive NSCLC patients who underwent neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were eligible for inclusion. Demographic, radiologic, and pathological features of patients were recorded. Patients with pathological complete response of both tumor (ypT(pCR)) and LNs (ypN0) were classified into the combined good responder group and the relevant clinicopathological features were evaluated. The event-free survival (EFS) outcome was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier analysis. Results: The ypN0 and ypT(pCR) rates were 74.1 % and 42.0 %, respectively. A significant correlation was observed between ypT(pCR) and ypN0 (P = 0.003), but inconsistent responses remained. The combined responses of the primary tumor and LNs demonstrated a significant association with the prognosis outcome (P = 0.005). Notably, patients who received at least twice of their infusions of immune checkpoint inhibitors after 15:30 had a worse prognosis (P = 0.015). Conclusion: A significant but not absolute correlation was observed between good tumor response and good nodal response in NSCLC patients after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, but inconsistent responses were also found. The combination of tumor and nodal responses is significantly associated with prognosis and combined good responder can be used as a reliable prognosis predictor.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy for resectable NSCLC: subpopulation analysis of Chinese patients in CheckMate 816; Background: Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy significantly improved event-free survival (EFS) and pathologic complete response (pCR) versus chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the global phase III CheckMate 816 study. Here, we report post hoc exploratory efficacy, safety, and surgical outcomes in the Chinese subpopulation of this study. Methods: Adults with stage IB-IIIA resectable NSCLC were randomized to receive nivolumab 360 mg plus chemotherapy or chemotherapy alone every 3 weeks for three cycles followed by surgery. Primary endpoints included EFS and pCR (both per blinded independent review). EFS and pCR results were from 14 October 2022, and 16 September 2020, database locks, respectively. Results: The Chinese subpopulation comprised 97 patients (nivolumab plus chemotherapy, 44; chemotherapy, 53). At 38.2 months of minimum follow-up, median EFS was not reached [95% confidence interval (CI) 23.4 months-not reached] in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm and 13.9 months (95% CI 8.3-34.3 months) in the chemotherapy arm (hazard ratio 0.47, 95% CI 0.25-0.88). pCR rates were 25.0% (95% CI 13.2% to 40.3%) and 1.9% (95% CI 0.0% to 10.1%), respectively (odds ratio 11.05; 95% CI 1.41-86.49). Of 97 Chinese patients, 36 (82%) in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm and 41 (77%) in the chemotherapy arm underwent definitive surgery. Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 18/43 patients (42%) treated with nivolumab plus chemotherapy and 22/53 patients (42%) treated with chemotherapy. Conclusions: Consistent with findings in the global study population of CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy improved EFS and pCR versus chemotherapy in the Chinese subpopulation without impacting treatment tolerability or the feasibility of surgery. These findings support the use of nivolumab plus chemotherapy as a standard neoadjuvant treatment option for Chinese patients with resectable NSCLC.
Surgical and survival outcomes with perioperative or neoadjuvant immune-checkpoint inhibitors combined with platinum-based chemotherapy in resectable NSCLC: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials; The use of neoadjuvant or perioperative anti-PD(L)1 was recently tested in multiple clinical trials. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials comparing neoadjuvant or perioperative chemoimmunotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable NSCLC. Nine reports from 6 studies were included. Receipt of surgery was more frequent in the experimental arm (odds ratio, OR 1.39) as was pCR (OR 7.60). EFS was improved in the experimental arm (hazard ratio, HR 0.55) regardless of stage, histology, PD-L1 expression (PD-L1 negative, HR 0.74) and smoking exposure (never smokers, HR 0.67), as was OS (HR 0.67). Grade > = 3 treatment-related adverse events were more frequent in the experimental arm (OR 1.22). The experimental treatment improved surgical outcomes, pCR rates, EFS and OS in stage II-IIIB, EGFR/ALK negative resectable NSCLC; confirmatory evidence is warranted for stage IIIB tumours and with higher maturity of the OS endpoint.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of immune checkpoint inhibitors as single agent or in combination with chemotherapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer: Impact of clinicopathological factors and indirect comparison between treatment strategies; Background: In non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) revolution is rapidly moving from metastatic to early-stage, however, the impact of clinicopathological variables and optimal treatment sequencing remain unclear. Methods: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in patients with early-stage NSCLC treated with ICI as single agent or in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy (PCT) were included. Primary outcomes were pathological complete response (pCR), event free survival (EFS) (neoadjuvant/perioperative), and disease-free survival (DFS) (adjuvant). Secondary outcomes were major pathological response (MPR), overall survival (OS), toxicity, surgical outcomes (neoadjuvant/perioperative); OS and toxicity (adjuvant). An additional secondary endpoint was to compare EFS and OS between neoadjuvant and perioperative strategies. Results: 8 RCTs (2 neoadjuvant, 4 perioperative, 2 adjuvant) (4661 participants) were included. Neoadjuvant/perioperative ICI+PCT significantly improved pCR, EFS, OS, MPR and R0 resection compared to PCT. Adjuvant ICI significantly improved DFS compared to placebo. There was a significant subgroup interaction by PD-L1 status (χ2 = 10.72, P = 0.005), pCR (χ2 = 17.80, P < 0.0001), and stage (χ2 = 4.46, P = 0.003) for EFS. No difference according to PD-L1 status was found for pCR, with 14% of patients having PD-L1 negative tumors still experiencing a pCR. No interaction by PD-L1 status was found for DFS upon adjuvant ICI. Indirect comparison showed no difference in EFS and OS between neoadjuvant and perioperative ICI+PCT. Conclusions: PD-L1 status, pCR and stage impact on survival upon neoadjuvant/perioperative ICI. The restriction of neoadjuvant/perioperative ICI to PD-L1 + patients could preclude pCR and long-term benefit in the PD-L1- subgroup. Neoadjuvant and perioperative could be equivalent strategies.
115TiP MDT-BRIDGE: A phase II study of neoadjuvant durvalumab (D) + chemotherapy (CT) followed by either surgery and adjuvant D or chemoradiotherapy (CRT) and consolidation D in patients (pts) with resectable or borderline resectable stage IIB–IIIB NSCLC; Background: In the phase 3 AEGEAN study, neoadjuvant D + platinum-based CT followed by adjuvant D, versus neoadjuvant CT alone, significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) and event-free survival (EFS) in pts with resectable NSCLC. In the placebo-controlled phase 3 PACIFIC study, consolidation D significantly improved outcomes for pts with unresectable stage III NSCLC after CRT. The strong pathological and clinical outcomes seen with CT + immunotherapy (IO) have generated interest in its use to enable pts with borderline resectable NSCLC to undergo surgery (Sx). In parallel, for pts who are initially deemed resectable but later become unresectable/inoperable during neoadjuvant treatment (Tx), the safety and efficacy of initial neoadjuvant IO + CT, followed by CRT and consolidation IO should be explored. To inform clinical practice, MDT-BRIDGE (NCT05925530) assesses the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant D + CT followed by either Sx and adjuvant D or CRT and consolidation D in pts with resectable/borderline resectable Stage IIB–IIIB NSCLC. Trial design: This is a global, phase 2, non-randomized study of pts aged ≥18 yr with ECOG PS 0/1 and histologically/cytologically confirmed, Tx-naïve, EGFR/ALK wild-type, Stage IIB to select IIIB [N2] NSCLC (AJCC 8th ed). Initially deemed resectable/borderline resectable by a multidisciplinary team (MDT), ∼140 pts will receive 2 cycles of neoadjuvant D + investigator’s choice platinum-based CT Q3W IV, followed by MDT assessment of resectability. Pts deemed resectable will receive a further 1–2 cycles of neoadjuvant D + CT followed by Sx (Cohort 1); pts deemed unresectable will receive CRT for ∼6 wk (Cohort 2). Pts in Cohort 1 who become ineligible for Sx can enter Cohort 2. After Sx/CRT, all pts will receive D Q4W IV for up to 1 yr. The primary endpoint is the resection rate in all pts. Secondary endpoints include resection rates in the subsets of pts deemed resectable or borderline resectable at baseline; R0, R1, and R2 resection outcomes; pCR; EFS; progression-free survival; overall survival; objective response rate; ctDNA clearance; and safety. Clinical trial identification: NCT05925530 (Release date June 29, 2023). Editorial acknowledgement: Medical writing support for this abstract, under the direction of the authors, was provided by Werner Gerber, PhD, (Fourways, South Africa) and Aaron Korpal, PhD, (Macclesfield, UK) of Ashfield MedComms, an Inizio Company, and was funded by AstraZeneca. Legal entity responsible for the study: AstraZeneca, Sweden. Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: M. Reck: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Amgen, AstraZeneca, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Daiichi Sankyo, GSK, Lilly, MSD, Merck, Mirati, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Regeneron, Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Amgen, AstraZeneca, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Daiichi Sankyo, GSK, Lilly, MSD, Merck, Mirati, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Regeneron, Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen, AstraZeneca, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Daiichi Sankyo, GSK, Lilly, MSD, Merck, Mirati, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Regeneron, Sanofi; Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Officer: ESMO; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Amgen, AstraZeneca, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Daiichi Sankyo, BeiGene, GSK, Lilly, MSD, Merck, Mirati, Novartis, Roche. E. Nadal: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Roche, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Merck Serono, Sanofi, Pfizer, Lilly, Amgen, Janssen, Daiichi Sankyo, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca, Qiagen, Pierre Fabre, Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche, Bristol Myers Squibb, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Sanofi, Pfizer, Lilly, Amgen, Janssen, Daiichi Sankyo, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca, Qiagen, Pierre Fabre, Takeda, Bayer; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Funding: Roche, Pfizer, Merck Serono, Bristol Myers Squibb. N. Girard: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, BMS, MSD, Roche, Pfizer, Mirati, Amgen, Novartis, Sanofi, Gilead; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, BMS, MSD, Roche, Pfizer, Janssen, Boehringer, Novartis, Sanofi, AbbVie, Amgen, Lilly, Grunenthal, Takeda, Owkin, Leo Pharma, Daiichi Sankyo, Ipsen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Local: Roche, Sivan, Janssen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: BMS, Leo Pharma; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: MSD; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Officer, International Thymic malignancy interest group, president: ITMIG; Other, Personal, Other, Family member is an employee: AstraZeneca. A.R.R. Filippi: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Principal Investigator: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Radiomics; Financial Interests, Personal, Funding: AstraZeneca, MSD, Roche. L.W. Martin: Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Genentech, Ethicon; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Genentech; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Officer: General Thoracic Surgical Club; Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: University of Virginia School of Medicine; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Principal Investigator: Alliance Foundation Trial 46; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: OnTarget Laboratories; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role: Alliance for Clinical Trials. C.M. Gay: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Aptitude Health, Dava Oncology, MJH Healthcare, OncLive, Peer View Institute; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca, BeiGene; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, BMS, Daiichi Sankyo, Jazz, MonteRosa; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: AstraZeneca, Catalyst, Roche/Genentech, STCube. C. Petersen: Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Brainlab, Siemens/Varian, AstraZeneca, Novocure; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Siemens; Financial Interests, Personal, Principal Investigator: MSD, Merck; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Training: Brainlab. D. Gale: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: AstraZeneca, GSK; Financial Interests, Personal, Other: Co-founder of Inivata (acquired by NeoGenomics in 2021). H.R. Bridge, N. Donner, N.E. Georgoulia : Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: AstraZeneca. J. Spicer: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Honoraria: Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb/Medarex, Chemocentryx, Merck, Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb/Medarex, Merck, Protalix Biotherapeutics, Regeneron, Xenetic Biosciences; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Funding: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb/Medarex, CLS-Therapeutics, CLS-Therapeutics, Merck, Protalix Biotherapeutics, Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel and Accommodations: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb/Medarex, Merck.
EPH82 Real-World Outcomes in Patients with Resected Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Receiving (NEO)Adjuvant Treatment in Germany: An I-O Optimise Analysis; Objectives: The cornerstone of treatment for patients with non-metastatic NSCLC is surgery; however, questions remain on the relative benefits of (neo)adjuvant systemic anti-cancer therapy (SACT) in these patients. We describe initial treatment for patients with non-metastatic (stage IB-IIIA) NSCLC in Germany and factors associated with overall survival (OS) among patients receiving (neo)adjuvant SACT+/-radiotherapy (RT), before the availability of recently approved immunotherapy in (neo)adjuvant settings. Methods: This registry-based cohort study included data from the Versorgungsforschung in der Oncology database (VONKOdb) of adult patients with resectable stage IB-IIIA NSCLC (UICC 7th/8th edition) diagnosed between January 2016-December 2019 (minimum 6 months of follow-up). OS was described using Kaplan-Meier method; multivariate analyses were performed using Cox regression. Results: Of 11,364 patients with stage IB-IIIA NSCLC, 6022 (53.0%) were resected. Of these, 63.3% underwent surgery alone, 4.5% received surgery + neoadjuvant SACT+/-RT, 0.3% received surgery + neoadjuvant RT, 1.1% received surgery + peri-operative SACT, 28.5% received surgery + adjuvant SACT+/-RT, and 2.6% received surgery + adjuvant RT. In patients receiving SACT+/-RT, median OS (IQR) with neoadjuvant cisplatin vs carboplatin was 57.8 [14.5-not reached; NR] vs 37.2 months [11.3-60.9] and NR [25.5-NR] vs 47.6 months [22.4-NR]) with adjuvant cisplatin vs carboplatin. Among patients receiving adjuvant SACT+/-RT, factors significantly associated with worse prognosis in multivariate analysis were: older age (vs 65-74 years), tumor stages T3 and T4 (vs T1), node stages N1 and N2 (vs N0), male sex (vs female) and adjuvant RT (vs no RT). In patients receiving neoadjuvant SACT+/-RT, only neoadjuvant RT was significantly associated with worse prognosis. Conclusions: These real-world data show that, in the pre-immunotherapy era, most resected patients with non-metastatic NSCLC received surgery alone or with adjuvant SACT+/-RT, whereas neoadjuvant SACT+/-RT use was rare. Among patients receiving (neo)adjuvant SACT+/-RT, survival outcomes were better with no additional RT although this may be due to confounding by indication.
Perioperative Durvalumab for Resectable Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.; Background Neoadjuvant or adjuvant immunotherapy can improve outcomes in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Perioperative regimens may combine benefits of both to improve long-term outcomes. Methods We randomly assigned patients with resectable NSCLC (stage II to IIIB [N2 node stage] according to the eighth edition of the AJCC Cancer Staging Manual) to receive platinum-based chemotherapy plus durvalumab or placebo administered intravenously every 3 weeks for 4 cycles before surgery, followed by adjuvant durvalumab or placebo intravenously every 4 weeks for 12 cycles. Randomization was stratified according to disease stage (II or III) and programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression (≥1% or <1%). Primary end points were event-free survival (defined as the time to the earliest occurrence of progressive disease that precluded surgery or prevented completion of surgery, disease recurrence [assessed in a blinded fashion by independent central review], or death from any cause) and pathological complete response (evaluated centrally). Results A total of 802 patients were randomly assigned to receive durvalumab (400 patients) or placebo (402 patients). The duration of event-free survival was significantly longer with durvalumab than with placebo; the stratified hazard ratio for disease progression, recurrence, or death was 0.68 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.53 to 0.88; P=0.004) at the first interim analysis. At the 12-month landmark analysis, event-free survival was observed in 73.4% of the patients who received durvalumab (95% CI, 67.9 to 78.1), as compared with 64.5% of the patients who received placebo (95% CI, 58.8 to 69.6). The incidence of pathological complete response was significantly greater with durvalumab than with placebo (17.2% vs. 4.3% at the final analysis; difference, 13.0 percentage points; 95% CI, 8.7 to 17.6; P<0.001 at interim analysis of data from 402 patients). Event-free survival and pathological complete response benefit were observed regardless of stage and PD-L1 expression. Adverse events of maximum grade 3 or 4 occurred in 42.4% of patients with durvalumab and in 43.2% with placebo. Data from 62 patients with documented EGFR or ALK alterations were excluded from the efficacy analyses in the modified intention-to-treat population. Conclusions In patients with resectable NSCLC, perioperative durvalumab plus neoadjuvant chemotherapy was associated with significantly greater event-free survival and pathological complete response than neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, with a safety profile that was consistent with the individual agents. (Funded by AstraZeneca; AEGEAN ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03800134.)
Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy Increases Tumor Immune Lymphocytes Infiltration in Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treatment (NCIT) has achieved great success for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, the intrinsic mechanism underlying this treatment remains unclear. Methods: Thirty-two patients with stage IIA–IIIC NSCLC who underwent surgery after NCIT were included in this retrospective study. Multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF) staining and image analysis assays were performed on the samples collected before and after NCIT for each patient. RNA analyses was applied to confirm the mIF results. Results: Among the enrolled patients, 14 achieved major pathological response or pathological complete response (pCR) and were defined as the ‘response’ group, whereas 18 patients did not respond well to NCIT and were defined as the ‘nonresponse’ group. The results of the mIF assays revealed an overall increase in tumor immune lymphocytes (TILs) after NCIT in the stroma area (p = 0.03) rather than the tumor area (p = 0.86). The percentage of CD8+ T cells and tertiary lymphoid structure counts in both the response and nonresponse groups increased significantly after NCIT compared with before NCIT. CD3+ T cells and FOXP3+ cells decreased significantly in the response group but remained unchanged or increased in the nonresponse group. A comparison of the response and nonresponse groups showed that CD3, FOXP3+ and CD8+/PD-1+ cells before NCIT may serve as predictors of the response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy. The RNA analyses confirmed the mIF results that TILs were elevated after NCIT. Conclusions: The infiltration of immune cells before NCIT was correlated with pathologic complete response, which enhanced the TILs as a promising predictor for selecting patients who were more likely to benefit from NCIT.
Prognostic impact of soluble PD-L1 derived from tumor-associated macrophages in non-small-cell lung cancer; Programmed cell death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) on tumor cells can be degraded to soluble form (sPD-L1) and enter circulation, however, the clinical significances of sPD-L1 in peripheral blood remains to be elucidated in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We monitored plasma sPD-L1 levels during perioperative periods and evaluated PD-L1-positive cells in tumor tissues in patients with operable NSCLC. Then the correlation between preoperative plasma sPD-L1 levels and relapse-free survival (RFS) was analyzed retrospectively. In patients who underwent radical surgery (n = 61), plasma sPD-L1 levels (median; 63.5 pg/mL) significantly increased 1 month after surgery (72.2 pg/mL, P < 0.001). The combined score of PD-L1-positive cells including tumor cells and tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) was significantly associated with preoperative plasma sPD-L1 levels. In patients with high levels of preoperative plasma sPD-L1, the probability of 5-year RFS was significantly poor for patients with low PD-L1 expression intensity of tumor cells (tcPD-L1) compared with those with high tcPD-L1 (33.3% vs. 87.5%, respectively, P = 0.016; 95% CI, 0.013–0.964). In former group, PD-L1-positive TAMs were markedly infiltrating compared with those from latter group (246.4 vs. 76.6 counts/mm2, respectively, P = 0.003). In NSCLC, plasma sPD-L1 can reflect the accumulation of PD-L1-posotive TAMs, not just PD-L1-positive tumor cells. In patients with high levels of preoperative plasma sPD-L1, the prognoses after surgery depends on which PD-L1-positive cells, tumor cells or TAMs, are the primary source of the sPD-L1. Thus, measuring both plasma sPD-L1 levels and PD-L1 expression status of tumor cells and TAMs is of benefit for assessment of postoperative prognosis in operable NSCLC.
PD-1/PD-L1 Inhibitors plus Chemotherapy Versus Chemotherapy Alone for Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: The benefit of adding programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1)/programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitors to the treatment of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), both neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) and adjuvant therapy (AT), is not yet fully elucidated. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases for randomized controlled trials (RCT) that investigated PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy for resectable stage NSCLC. We computed hazard ratios (HRs) or odds ratios (ORs) for binary endpoints, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: A total of seven RCTs comprising 3915 patients with resectable stage NSCLC were randomized to chemotherapy with or without PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors as NAT or AT. As NAT, the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy group demonstrated significantly improved overall survival (HR 0.66; 95% CI 0.51–0.86) and event-free survival (HR 0.53; 95% CI 0.43–0.67) compared with the chemotherapy alone group. There was a significant increase in favor of the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy group for major pathological response (OR 6.40; 95% CI 3.86–10.61) and pathological complete response (OR 8.82; 95% CI 4.51–17.26). Meanwhile, as AT, disease-free survival was significant in favor of the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy group (HR 0.78; 95% CI 0.69–0.90). Conclusions: In this comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs, the incorporation of PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors alongside chemotherapy offers a promising prospect for reshaping the established treatment paradigms for patients diagnosed with resectable stages of NSCLC. Moreover, our analyses support that neoadjuvant administration with these agents should be encouraged, in light of the fact that it was associated with an increased survival and pathological response, at the expense of a manageable safety profile.
Neoadjuvant Durvalumab Alone or Combined with Novel Immuno-Oncology Agents in Resectable Lung Cancer: The Phase II NeoCOAST Platform Trial; Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy improves pathologic complete response rate and event-free survival in patients with resectable non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) versus chemotherapy alone. NeoCOAST was the first randomized, multidrug platform trial to examine novel neoadjuvant immuno-oncology combinations for patients with resectable NSCLC, using major pathologic response (MPR) rate as the primary endpoint. Eighty-three patients received a single cycle of treatment: 26 received durvalumab (anti–PD-L1) monotherapy, 21 received durvalumab plus oleclumab (anti-CD73), 20 received durvalumab plus monalizumab (anti-NKG2A), and 16 received dur-valumab plus danvatirsen (anti-STAT3 antisense oligonucleotide). MPR rates were higher for patients in the combination arms versus durvalumab alone. Safety profiles for the combinations were similar to those of durvalumab alone. Multiplatform immune profiling suggested that improved MPR rates in the durvalumab plus oleclumab and durvalumab plus monalizumab arms were associated with enhanced effector immune infiltration of tumors, interferon responses and markers of tertiary lymphoid struc-ture formation, and systemic functional immune cell activation. SIGNIFICANCE: A neoadjuvant platform trial can rapidly generate clinical and translational data using candidate surrogate endpoints like MPR. In NeoCOAST, patients with resectable NSCLC had improved MPR rates after durvalumab plus oleclumab or monalizumab versus durvalumab alone and tumoral transcriptomic signatures indicative of augmented immune cell activation and function.
Effects of EGFR driver mutations on pathologic regression in resectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation and completion surgery; Objective We hypothesized that driver mutations in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are associated with decreased pathologic response to neoadjuvant chemoradiation (NA-ChRT) in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC). Methods Patients with Stage IIB-IIIA NSCLC treated with NA-ChRT, completion surgery, and underwent molecular profile testing were identified in a lung cancer data-base. Pathologic response was quantified using: (i) major pathologic response (MPR), (ii) complete pathologic response (pCR), and (iii) mean residual viable tumor cells (MRTC). Two groups were formed based on the presence or absence of driver mutations. Clinical and pathological correlations between the groups were studied. Results Forty-seven patients underwent tumor molecular profile testing, NA-ChRT, and completion surgery. Compared to the no-driver mutation group, the driver mutation group had lower MPR (23% vs 71%, p = 0.003), pCR (0% vs 26%, p = 0.02), and higher MRTC (43.4% vs 15.8%, p = 0.009). Univariate analysis showed an increased MPR rate for smokers, squamous cell histology, ChRT-surgery interval >65 days, and no-driver mutations. Multivariate analysis showed that only no-driver mutations (OR 0.39, p = 0.02) remained significant for MPR. PD-L1 status did not affect MPR. At 2 years, the driver mutation group had lower rates of local control (Hazard ration [HR] 0.67, p = 0.17) and disease-free survival (HR 0.5, p = 0.001). Overall survival was similar for both groups (HR = 1.04, p = 0.86). Conclusion Following 60 Gray NA-ChRT, tumors with a driver mutation had lower MPR and pCR rates than tumors without a driver mutation. PD-L1 was not associated with tumor regression. Advances in knowledge Patients with resectable LA-NSCLC and an EGFR driver mutation treated with neoadjuvant-ChRT and completion surgery have reduced pathologic regression, lower local control rates, and shorter disease-free survival than patients without a driver mutation. Evaluation of molecular testing should be introduced in LA-NSCLC intended for prognostication and treatment decisions.
Update on the Management of Stage III NSCLC: Navigating a Complex and Heterogeneous Stage of Disease; Background: Stage III nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) represents a heterogeneous group of patients. Many patients are treated with curative intent multimodality therapy, either surgical resection plus systemic therapy or chemoradiation plus immunotherapy. However, many patients are not suitable for curative intent therapy and are treated with palliative systemic therapy or best supportive care. Methods: This paper is a review of recent advances in the management of patients with curative intent disease. Results: There have been significant advances in curative intent therapy for patients with stage III NSCLC in recent years. These include both adjuvant and neoadjuvant systemic therapies. For patients with resectable NSCLC, two trials have demonstrated that adjuvant atezolizumab or pembrolizumab, following chemotherapy, significantly improved disease-free survival (DFS). In patients with tumours harbouring a common mutation of the EGFR gene, adjuvant osimertinib therapy was associated with a large improvement in both DFS and overall survival (OS). Five randomized trials have evaluated chemotherapy plus nivolumab, pembrolizumab, durvalumab, or toripalimab, either as neoadjuvant or perioperative (neoadjuvant plus adjuvant) therapy. All five trials show significant improvements in the rate of pathologic complete response (pCR) and event-free survival (EFS). OS data are currently immature. This would now be considered the standard of care for resectable stage III NSCLC. The addition of durvalumab to chemoradiation has also become the standard of care in unresectable stage III NSCLC. One year of consolidation durvalumab following concurrent chemoradiation has demonstrated significant improvements in both progression-free and overall survival. Conclusions: Immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy has become a standard recommendation in curative intent therapy for stage III NSCLC.
Impact of Neoadjuvant Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors on Surgery and Perioperative Complications in Patients With Non–small-cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review; Several clinical trials are currently underway to evaluate immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with early-stage non–small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and their use in clinical practice is expected to increase in the future. Therefore, a proper assessment of surgical outcomes and perioperative complications after neoadjuvant ICIs is essential to establish recommendations and guidelines. We performed a systematic literature review in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis guidelines (PRISMA), searching the PubMed and Scopus databases from the January 1, 2017, to the July 27, 2023, to identify potentially relevant published trials of neoadjuvant ICIs in patients with reseactable NSCLC with available information on surgical outcomes and perioperative complications. A total of 18 studies were included in the review. The rates of surgery cancellation ranged from 0% to 45.8%. Importantly, adverse events (AEs) were the least reported underlying cause, while disease progression caused from 0% to 75% of cancellations. Surgery delays ranged from 0% to 31.3% with AEs as the most frequently reported underlying cause. However, 6 out of 13 trials (46.2%) reported no surgery delays. Conversion rates from minimally invasive to open chest surgery were available for 7 trials and ranged from 0% to 53.8%. Thirty-day mortality rates ranged from 0% to 5.4%, with 11 out of 16 trials reporting 0%. A few reports described perioperative complications in detail. Considering the limited evidence available, we can preliminarily confirm that preoperative ICIs are safe and well tolerated even from the surgical perspective. Additional details on intraoperative findings from prospective controlled trials are needed to establish and disseminate guidelines and recommendations for thoracic surgeons.
P1.27-08 Immunotherapy versus Chemotherapy in the Management of Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; Introduction: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are a key component of both adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment of resectable lung cancer. The current meta-analysis was performed to compare the survival outcomes between ICI(s) versus CMT alone for the treatment of resectable NSCLC administered in the neoadjuvant or adjuvant setting. Methods: Embase, Medline, and CENTRAL databases were used for screening articles with search terms related to NSCLC and ICI. Eligible studies were randomized controlled trials that included patients with early-stage, resectable NSCLC with at least one arm receiving ICI with CMT and one arm receiving CMT alone as neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy. The study must report overall survival (OS) or disease-free survival (DFS). Effect estimates and their 95% confidence interval (CI) were extracted from each study using the generic-inverse variance method to determine the combined pooled hazard ratio (HR). Results: A total of 9,375 articles were identified from the search strategy. In total, four studies were included in the meta-analysis. Both OS and DFS were improved for patients receiving neoadjuvant CMT + ICI versus CMT alone, pooled HR 0.53; 95%CI 0.36-0.78 and 0,60; 95% CI 0.44-0.80, respectively. For adjuvant CMT + ICI, the OS benefit was not statistically significant, pooled HR 0.76; 95% CI 0.78-1.12 but improvement in DFS was significant, pooled HR 0.77 95% CI 0.67-0.89. Significantly improved OS was noted in the programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) positive subgroup (pooled HR 0.64; 0.51-0.81) and non-squamous histology (pooled HR 0.68; 95%CI 0.58-0.81). The addition of ICI to CMT did not significantly improve OS in PD-L1 negative and squamous histology tumors (Figure 1). EGFR mutational status did not impact DFS or OS for adjuvant CMT + ICI. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant and adjuvant ICI therapy improves OS and DFS in patients with early-stage, resectable NSCLC, especially those with positive PD-L1 status and non-squamous histology. Further ongoing trials involving both neoadjuvant and adjuvant ICIs are needed to refine the role of ICIs in this clinical scenario. [Formula presented] Keywords: Immune checkpoint inhibitor, Neoadjuvant, Adjuvant
P1.27-07 BRAF Mutations Identify Non-small-Cell Lung Cancer Patients Who Benefit from Neoadjuvant Chemo-Immunotherapy; Introduction: Treatment with neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy has demonstrated high efficacy in patients with locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, limited information is available regarding the influence of tumor molecular alterations on survival outcomes. BRAF mutations affect a small but significant fraction of NSCLC patients. However, the efficacy of these treatments in this set of tumors is unknown. Thus, we performed a retrospective study comparing the survival outcomes of patients with BRAF-mutated and BRAF-wt tumors in NADIM clinical trials. Methods: Samples from resectable stage IIIA/B NSCLC patients included in NADIM (n=46) and NADIMII (only experimental arm; n=46) clinical trials were used (n=92 patients). In particular, we analyzed the baseline plasma samples from 82 patients and 59 FFPE pre-treatment biopsy samples. Circulating nucleic acids were analyzed by next-generation sequencing (NGS) using the Oncomine Pan-Cancer Cell-Free Assay (NADIM cohort) on an Ion S5 sequencer (Thermofisher) or TruSight™ Oncology 500 ctDNA panel (NADIM II cohort) on a NovaSeq (Illumina). FFPE samples were analyzed using the Oncomine Tumor Mutation Load Assay (NADIM and NADIM II cohorts) on the Ion S5 sequencer. Variant filtering was performed using an optimized script developed in our laboratory. Oncomine variants files were obtained with the Ion Reporter analysis platform (Thermofisher). NGS data generated with the Illumina platform were analyzed with the DRAGEN TSO 500 ctDNA Analysis Software v1.2 using the TSO 500 pipeline. Survival statistical analysis was performed using RStudio and Stata version 17.0. Results: In NADIM trials, pathogenic or likely pathogenic genetic alterations in the BRAF gene occurred in 4.35% of the patients (n=4; p.L597Q, p.G469V, p.G464, p.V600E). BRAF pathogenic mutations were significantly enriched in tumors showing pathological complete response after neoadjuvant treatment with chemo-immunotherapy. Specifically, pCR rate in patients whose tumors were BRAF-positive (n=4) was 100%, whereas the pCR rate in the BRAF-wt population was 44.3% (n=39) (RR: 2.26; 95%CI 1.79-2.85). Likewise, all patients whose tumors harbored these alterations were alive and with no evidence of disease at the data cutoff (median follow-up: 35.1 months; IQR: 29.47-3.27months). Progression-free survival and overall survival probabilities at 3-years were 60.5% and 76.1%, respectively, for patients with BRAF-wt tumors. Finally, we did not find any association between BRAF mutation status and clinicopathological characteristics, namely sex, age, histology, ECOG and smoking history. Conclusions: Our data suggest that BRAF pathogenic variants may be a good prognostic factor in locally advance NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy. Keywords: NADIM, BRAF, NEOADJUVANT CHEMO-INMUNOTHERAPY
OA15.03 Evaluation of Pathological Tumor and Nodal Responses Following Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC Patients; Introduction: Inconsistent pathological responses of the primary tumor and lymph nodes (LNs) were frequently observed in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. However, there is a lack of studies to report the prognostic significance and the relevant clinicopathological factors of tumor-nodal inconsistent responses after neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy. Therefore, this study aimed to depict the inconsistent pathological combined tumor-nodal response in NSCLC patients after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy as well as the underlying prognostic significance. Methods: A total of 81 node-positive NSCLC patients who underwent neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were eligible for inclusion. Patient demographics and radiological and pathological features were recorded. Based on the degree of pathologic response of the primary tumor and lymph nodes, we further classified patients with pathological complete response of both tumor (ypT(pCR+)) and LNs (ypN0) into the combined well-responder group and the relevant clinicopathological features were evaluated. The event-free survival (EFS) outcome was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier analysis. Results: The ypN0 and ypT(pCR) rates were 74.1% and 42.0%, respectively. There was a significant association between ypT(pCR) and ypN0 (P = 0.003, Figure A), but inconsistent responses remained. Significantly improved EFS was observed in ypT(pCR+)/ypN0 cohort than that in the cohorts where inconsistent tumor-nodal responses occurred (P < 0.001, Figure B). The AUCs of pathological combined response (1-year AUC = 0.618, 95%CI = 0.495-0.878; 3-year AUC = 0.763, 95%CI = 0.426-1.000) were generally comparable to the ypTNM stage (1-year AUC = 0.687, 95%CI = 0.519-0.893; 3-year AUC = 0.742, 95%CI = 0.426-1.000). Patients who received more than two infusions of immune checkpoint inhibitors after 15:30 had a poorer survival outcome (P=0.015). Conclusions: The inconsistent tumor-nodal response was observed in more than 70% of NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Significantly improved EFS was observed in patients who achieved combined good tumor-nodal responses. The combined pathological responses of primary tumors and nodal may be used as a surrogate for the ypTNM staging system. Keywords: Non-small cell lung carcinoma, Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, Pathological response [Formula presented]
P1.25-16 Outcomes by Age with Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab Treatment for Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer in the Phase 2 LCMC3 Study; Introduction: In patients aged ≥65 years with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), selecting effective and safe neoadjuvant treatment (chemotherapy vs immunotherapy [IO] vs chemotherapy+IO) is a major challenge. Also, the diverse T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire crucial for a robust anti-cancer immune response changes with age. We present a subgroup analysis of clinical outcomes by age and TCR repertoire from LCMC3 (NCT02927301), a Phase II study of neoadjuvant and adjuvant atezolizumab (anti-PD-L1) in NSCLC that met its primary endpoint: a 20% major pathological response (MPR) rate after neoadjuvant atezolizumab. Methods: Patients with stage IB-IIIA or select IIIB NSCLC, ≥18 years of age and ECOG PS 0-1 received neoadjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg IV every 3 weeks (q3w) for ≤2 cycles followed by surgery. Patients could receive adjuvant atezolizumab q3w for ≤12 months. MPR rate and safety were assessed. Tumour tissue TCR sequencing (immunoSEQ, Adaptive Biotechnologies) was performed to determine Simpson clonality and richness. Patients were analysed by age (<65 years and ≥65 years). Results: Data cutoff: Oct 21, 2022. Baseline characteristics and comorbidities with a ≥15% difference between groups (<65 years vs ≥65 years) in enrolled NSCLC patients (N=181) are below (Table). 90% (<65 years) vs 86% (≥65 years; P=0.489) had surgical resection. Median T-cell clonality pre-treatment (n=102) in non-squamous was significantly lower in <65 years vs ≥65 years (0.06 vs 0.09; P=0.003) and in squamous was higher (0.12 vs 0.08; P=0.031). After atezolizumab treatment (n=108), this trend did not persist in non-squamous (0.11 vs 0.13; P=0.303) or squamous (0.11 vs 0.16; P=0.189). In patients without MPR, the change in pre- to post-treatment T-cell clonality was lower in squamous for <65 years vs ≥65 years (n=25; −0.09 vs 0.80; P=0.004), and the change in richness was lower in non-squamous (n=40; −0.06 vs 0.01; P=0.032). In the primary efficacy population (PEP, n=143), both age groups had a similar MPR rate (20%) In the PEP with MPR assessed (n=137), 3-year OS rates for <65 years vs ≥65 years were 88% vs 77% (HR, 1.98; 95% CI: 0.82, 4.77; P=0.128). All patient (N=181) safety and median hospitalisation duration are below (Table). Conclusions: In patients with resectable NSCLC, the MPR rate with atezolizumab treatment was similar between age groups. Our study found differences between groups in T-cell clonality and richness that should be further investigated. Although we saw numerical differences between groups for toxicities and hospitalization duration, there was no difference in 3-year OS. [Formula presented] Keywords: NSCLC, age, T-cell receptor
P2.31-09 Missed Opportunities for Lung Cancer Personalized Medicine in a Brazilian Public Healthcare Service; Introduction: Precision oncology has emerged as a groundbreaking approach to the management of lung cancer, revolutionizing the way treatments are tailored to individual patients. However, a significant challenge remains in ensuring equitable access to advanced testing for detecting driver mutations, particularly in developing countries. Limited resources, logistic issues, and disparities in healthcare systems often hinder the widespread adoption of molecular profiling techniques in these regions. Evaluating every step of the process is fundamental to understand its limitations and where are the missed opportunities. Methods: In this retrospective study, we aimed to assess the missed opportunities for precision oncology in lung cancer management at various stages of the process, focusing on patients with advanced and early non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSq NSCLC). We reviewed the electronic medical records (EMRs) of 174 patients and included a total of 103 patients (25 early-stage and 78 advanced-stage) with NSq NSCLC. The evaluation of missed opportunities was conducted across consecutive key steps: access to genomic testing, exam feasibility, availability of test results for all recommended biomarkers, and access to targeted therapy for patients with actionable gene mutations. Results: For patients with early-stage NSq NSCLC (n=25), we missed 80% of patients in the first step (access to genomic testing). Among patients with advanced disease (n=78), we missed 32% of the patients that were classified as unable to undergo to genomic testing, primarily due to a short life expectancy that did not allow for the time required to wait for the test. Among 53 patients who had access to testing, 9% were missed due to insufficient sample for analysis. 48 patients (65% of the study population) obtained results from genomic testing, but when considering all recommended tests, 98% of patients were missed, as only one participant underwent testing for all biomarkers. When considering only EGFR and ALK testing, 46% of patients were missed, and when considering only EGFR testing, only 6% of patients were missed. Regarding missed opportunities for targeted therapy in lung cancer, 40% of the 20 patients with actionable gene mutations did not receive targeted therapy. However, when considering only patients with EGFR-mutated tumors (n = 12), only 8% of patients were missed due to the lack of access to anti-EGFR therapy. Conclusions: Our study highlights the critical challenges and missed opportunities in implementing precision oncology for lung cancer management, particularly in resource-limited settings. The results for early-stage disease may represent a challenge considering emerging therapies such as neo/adjuvant immunotherapy or targeted-therapy. Our results emphasize the need to improve access to genomic testing, ensure adequate sample for analysis, and expand the testing panel for recommended biomarkers. Moreover, we identified barriers to the adoption of targeted therapy for patients with actionable gene mutations besides EGFR. Keywords: Genomic Testing, Precision Oncology, EGFR-mutated NSCLC
EP08.02-18 The Value of Combined Immunotherapy in Neoadjuvant Regimen for Patients with Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Immune checkpoint inhibitors have greatly revolutionized the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Besides better pathological regression, recent researches demonstrated that patients accepting preoperative immunochemotherapy could obtain better prognosis. Nevertheless, in the patients achieving major pathological response (MPR) or even pathologic complete response (pCR), recrudescent diseases arose. This investigation was conducted for figuring out the prognostic value of combined immunotherapy in neoadjuvant therapy and exploring the optimal treatment regimens. Methods: Patients undergoing neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy or platinum-containing chemotherapy followed by surgery from June 2018 to June 2022 was retrospectively enrolled. Recrudescent diseases limited within ipsilateral hemithorax and regional lymph nodes including hilar, mediastinal and cervical lymph nodes were classified as locoregional recurrence. Distant recurrence was defined as occurring in the contralateral lung or outside the hemithorax of the primary tumor. Pathological response, recurrence pattern, recurrence-free survival (RFS) and overall survival (OS) were compared between the regimens. Results: A total of 214 patients met inclusion criteria, including 108 accepting neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and 106 accepting platinum-containing chemotherapy. Baseline characteristics were of no significant difference and omitted here. Patients treated with immunotherapy and chemotherapy shared similar rates of R0 resection (101/108 vs. 95/106) and postoperative death within 30 days (2/108 vs. 1/106). Combination group showed remarkably higher MPR (57/108 vs 12/106, P<0.001) and pCR (35/108 vs 4/106, P<0.001) rates. Analysis for recurrence and survival was conducted in 194 patients, excluding those who got R1/2 resection or died within 30 days. The results for both RFS (HR, 0.37; 95% CI, 0.23-0.59) and OS (HR, 0.19; 95% CI, 0.07-0.47) favored immunochemotherapy over chemotherapy (Figure-1A). Besides the higher recurrence rates (Figure-1B), patients accepting pure chemotherapy were more likely to have distant or complex recurrence (Figure-1C), which was related to poorer OS (Figure-1D). Consistent with previous investigations, we found the MPR trended toward improved RFS (HR, 0.18; 95% CI, 0.11-0.29) and OS (HR, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.09-0.64) (Figure-1E). Although the MPR was not reached, patients accepting immunochemotherapy had potentially better RFS (HR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.36-1.00) and OS (HR, 0.34; 95% CI, 0.12-0.97) (Figure-1F). Further results revealed that patients who did not obtain MPR could benefit from adjuvant therapy (HR, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.07-0.98; Figure-1G). Conclusions: For patients with resectable NSCLC, immunotherapy brought better pathological response, lower recurrence rates, more limited recurrence than chemotherapy alone. Although pathological regression did not reach MPR, combined application of immunotherapy could prolong the RFS and OS. [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant therapy, Immunotherapy, Resectable NSCLC
EP07.05-16 MPR and pCR Rates after Neoadjuvant Chemo-immunotherapy for Stage III Non small Cell Lung Cancer.; Introduction: The use of immunotherapy in the treatment of metastatic lung cancer has revolutionized patient care, significantly improving survival rates. Studies have demonstrated a strong correlation between PD-L1 levels and overall, recurrence-free survival in patients receiving immunotherapy for metastatic NSCLC. Building on the success of these studies, immunotherapy has moved to early stages, improving event free survival and, probably, overall survival in patients. We sought to analyze our own clinical experience of neoadjuvant Ch-IO and evaluate the role of PD-L1 expression as a predictive marker of achieving pCR and MPR in a real world clinical practice of a large community based comprehensive cancer center. Methods: We conducted a real world analysis of the first patient cases who underwent neoadjuvant Ch-IO and definitive surgery in our center from November 2019 to April 2023 In this abstract, we present data on the first 61 patients who underwent definitive surgery after neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (Ch-IO). Prior to therapy, all patients underwent biopsy and PD-L1 expression and activating mutations were analyzed. Patients with activating mutations were excluded, resulting in 34 patients in the squamous cell group and 27 in the non-squamous non-small cell group. All patients received 3-6 cycles of neoadjuvant Ch-IO, and treatment response was assessed after 3 and 6 cycles. A multidisciplinary team discussed each patient to determine surgical treatment. Postoperative histological material was assessed according to IASLC guidelines for pathological examination of lung cancer after neoadjuvant treatment by William D. Travis (2020). Results: Radiological partial response was achieved in 58 patients (95%), 2 patients (3.3%) had stable disease and 1 patient progressed. All patients underwent surgical treatment. 45 patients (74%) received lobectomy with LN dissection, 9 patients (14.5%) underwent pneumonectomy with LN dissection, 7 patients (11.5%) underwent bilobectomy with LN dissection. According to postoperative histological examination, the best results were achieved in the group of patients (10 cases) with squamous cell lung cancer with PD-L1 expression over 50%: 8 patients achieved pCR (80%), 2 patients achieved MPR (20%). In patients with Sq NSCLC with PD-L1 1-49% (13 cases), 5 patients (38.5%) achieved pCR, 1 patient (7.7%) achieved MPR, and the remaining 7 patients did not achieve MPR or pCR. In the group with PD-L1 levels less than 1% (8 cases), 3 cases (37.5%) achieved pCR, and 3 cases (37.5%) achieved MPR. Among the non-squamous non-small cell carcinoma group with PD-L1 levels above 50% (9 cases), 6 cases (66.7%) achieved pCR, and 2 cases (22.3%) achieved MPR. In the PD-L1 level 1-49% group (6 cases), 2 patients (33.3%) achieved pCR, and 1 patient (16.7%) achieved MPR. In the group with PD-L1 levels less than 1% (12 cases), 6 patients (50%) achieved pCR, 1 patient (8.3%) achieved MPR Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy leads to the achievement of pCR and MPR, resulting in improved EFS and ultimately OS. Notably, patients with squamous cell lung cancer with PD-L> 50% benefit the most from this treatment approach, achieving a 80% pCR and 100% MPR rate. This study has limitations and further research is necessary to confirm these findings. Keywords: Neoadjuvant therapy, Chemo-immunotherapy, pCR
EP07.04-12 Comparison of Pathologic Outcomes Following Neoadjuvant Regimens in Resectable Locally Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: The management of resectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) is controversial in the immunotherapy era. CheckMate 816 demonstrated prolonged event-free survival (EFS) and higher pathologic complete response (pCR) among patients receiving chemo-immunotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone. EFS was significantly higher in patients with pCR. No study to date has directly compared pathologic outcomes of neoadjuvant chemo-radiotherapy (a standard-of-care since publication of the INT0139 trial) and chemo-immunotherapy. In this analysis, we investigate practice patterns and pCR following neoadjuvant chemo-radiotherapy, chemo-immunotherapy, and chemotherapy. Methods: We analyzed the nationwide Flatiron Health database, a de-identified database derived from electronic health records. Adult patients were included in the study if they were diagnosed with stage II-IIIA NSCLC on or after January 1, 2019, completed surgery by February 1, 2023, and underwent at least 2 cycles of platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy before confirmed surgical resection with available pCR data. We evaluated patient clinical and demographic characteristics associated with type of neoadjuvant therapy using the chi-square test. We evaluated associations between type of neoadjuvant therapy and pCR using univariable and multivariable logistic regression, adjusting for sex, diagnosis year, and ECOG. Results: The cohort included 47 patients (17 chemotherapy, 16 chemo-radiotherapy, 14 chemo-immunotherapy). The proportion of patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy or chemo-radiotherapy decreased from 2019 to 2022 (47.1% to 12.5% and 47.1% to 6.3%, respectively), while chemo-immunotherapy increased from 5.9% to 81.3%. Sex was associated with neoadjuvant therapy receipt, with 87.5% of chemo-immunotherapy recipients being male compared to 42.9% of chemo-radiotherapy and 70.6% of chemotherapy recipients (p=0.031). For patients receiving chemo-radiotherapy and chemo-immunotherapy, pCR was achieved in 42.9% and 37.5%, respectively. Compared to chemotherapy, there was a statistically non-significant trend towards higher pCR for chemo-radiotherapy (odds ratio [OR] 5.62, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.92-34.6, p=0.062) and chemo-immunotherapy (OR 4.50, 95% CI 0.75-26.9, p=0.099). There was no significant difference in pCR rate of chemo-radiotherapy compared with chemo-immunotherapy (OR 1.25, 95% CI 0.29-5.41, p=0.77). Multivariable analysis showed similar findings: chemo-radiotherapy versus chemotherapy (OR 14.7, 95% CI 1.15-189, p=0.039), chemo-immunotherapy versus chemotherapy (OR 15.3, 95% CI 0.86-271, p=0.063), and chemo-radiotherapy versus chemo-immunotherapy (OR 1.14, 95% CI 0.06-20.9, p=0.93). Conclusions: Preliminary data suggest that pCR may be comparable between neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy and chemo-radiotherapy. As neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy becomes more common, further analysis of pathologic response and survival following neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy and chemo-radiotherapy stratified by PD-L1 status may help inform clinical decision-making for patients with resectable LA-NSCLC. [Formula presented] Keywords: locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer, neoadjuvant chemoradiation, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy
EP08.02-24 Neoadjuvant Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor plus Chemotherapy for Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer in Real World; Introduction: Several clinical trials have reported impressive results of neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, these well-designed clinical trials are far from sufficient to reflect the complicated situations in real clinical practice. Therefore, more real world studies are required to evaluate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy in stage resectable NSCLC. Methods: In this study, we conducted a real world retrospective analysis of 32 patients with resectable IIA-IIIB NSCLC, who had received neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in the Affiliated Hospital of Zunyi Medical University from November 2020 to November 2022. The neoadjuvant regimen was programmed cell death protein-1 (PD-1) inhibitors combined with platinum-based chemotherapy. The PD-1 inhibitors included sintilimab and tislelizumab and the treatment cycle was 2-4 cycles. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR). The secondary endpoints included objective remission rate (ORR), pathological complete remission (pCR), clinical down staging rate and surgical outcomes. Results: A total of 32 patients received neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy, including 17 patients with sintilimab and 15 patients with tislelizumab (Table 1). Postoperative pathology results showed that a total of 19 (59.38%) patients achieved MPR. The pCR was 50.00% (16/32) and ORR was 87.50% (28/32) (Table 2). The descending rate occurred in 28 of 32 patients (87.50%). 96.88% (31/32) patients underwent VATS switched to thoracotomy and R0 resection rate was 93.75% (30/32). The median surgery time was 215 min (130-340 min), 30-day and 90-day mortality were both 0% (Table 3). 73 adverse events(AEs)occurred during the treatment period, mainly grade 1-2 AEs (69/73, 94.52%). Conclusions: Our real-world study confirmed the feasibility and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in the treatment of resectable NSCLC. However, these findings still need prospective clinical trials to further confirm. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: Non-small cell lung cancer, Neoadjuvant therapy, PD-1 inhibitor
OA06.03 An International EORTC Survey on Resectability of Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: The EORTC-Lung Cancer Group (LCG) is conducting a Delphi consensus project to establish a consensual definition of resectability in stage III NSCLC. This comprehensive project includes a systematic review, survey, and clinical case discussions. The survey aimed to identify areas of consensus and controversy. Here, we present the results of this survey. Methods: The EORTC-LCG developed an online survey based on input from a selected EORTC multidisciplinary team (MDT), including thoracic surgeons, radiation oncologists, oncologists, and pulmonologists. The 13-item survey (9 single-answer questions, 3 check box questions, and 1 open question) was distributed among the members of 6 scientific societies (EORTC, ESTS, ESTRO, ETOP, ERS, IASLC). Participants were interrogated on the resectability of all possible stage III TNM-combinations (IASLC 8thed). Additionally, 4 N2-subdivisions were used (Table A). Consensus was defined as 75% agreement among participants. Answers with “yes” (upfront resectable) were considered resectable; “yes” and “maybe” (borderline resectable) were grouped together and considered potentially resectable. Answers with “no” were considered unresectable. Results: The specialties of the 558 respondents included thoracic surgery (38%), radiation oncology (27%), medical oncology (16%), pulmonology (13%), and others (6%). Most respondents worked in a specialized cancer center (81%), had >5 years of experience (80%), were European (72%), were male (73%), and treated >20 patients with stage III NSCLC in their center annually (77%). Team members that were regularly included in the MDT’s were the thoracic surgeon (98%), radiation oncologist (94%), medical oncologist (90%), pulmonologist (90%), radiologist (90%), and pathologist (85%). Out of 37 possible TNM-combinations, consensus was reached in 24 combinations (65%): 1 was considered resectable (T3N1), 9 were considered potentially resectable and 15 were considered unresectable (Table A). N3-combinations were considered unresectable. In T3 tumors, invasion of the parietal pleura, chest wall, phrenic nerve, or parietal pericardium were considered potentially resectable. T4 tumors invading the heart were considered unresectable. In cases that were considered borderline resectable, most respondents (89%) recommended surgery after downstaging with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, assumed to be available in each country. Overall, thoracic surgeons considered 4 more combinations to be potentially resectable compared to other specialists. Conclusions: Substantial agreement as well as disagreement on oncological resectability in the substages of stage III NSCLC were observed in this survey. Thoracic surgeons were more likely to consider some stage III TNM-combinations to be potentially resectable. Keywords: Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Resectability, Stage III NSCLC [Formula presented]
EP07.05-03 Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy or Chemo-IO in Resectable KRAS-Mutated Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Patients: Single Center Experience; Introduction: KRAS mutated NSCLC is associated with worse prognosis and response to systemic therapies. Neoadjuvant chemo or chemo/IO had been shown to improve MPR and OS. There is insufficient data to support its benefit in KRAS mutated NSCLC patients. In this single center retrospective analysis, we present outcomes of neoadjuvant therapies in resectable NSCLC patients with KRAS mutations. Methods: Patients (pts) with resectable NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy (chemo) or chemo-immunotherapy (chemo/IO) at MD Anderson Cancer Center were identified from 1/2011 - 3/2021. Patient characteristics were summarized. Genomic testing was performed by CLIA-certified assays. We assessed major pathological response (MPR; ≤ 10% viable tumor), pathological complete response (pCR; 0% viable tumor), event-free survival (EFS) defined as from treatment to progression, recurrence or death and overall survival (OS) defined as from treatment to death in all patients and prespecified subgroups. MPR were compared between subgroups by Fisher’s exact test. Distributions of EFS and OS were compared between subgroups by logrank test. Results: 69 patients received chemo or chemo/IO for resectable KRAS-mutated NSCLC. Median age was 66; 57% were female; 42% of pts had KRAS G12C mutation; 15 pts (22%) received chemo/IO; 8 (12%) pts did not receive surgery. MPR was observed in 15 (22%) pts with 3 cases of pCR. Percentage of MPR was higher in chemo/IO pts compared with chemo (40% vs 17%, p=0.076) and in STK11 wild-type pts compared with mutated (25% vs 9%, p=0.433). Median EFS in all pts was 1.7 years (95% CI: 1.1-3.5). EFS was significantly longer in pts with MPR (p=0.002). With a median follow-up of 5.1 years, OS in all pts was 7.8 years (95% CI: 4.2-13.3); OS was significantly longer in pts with MPR (p=0.048) and KRAS G12C mutation trended towards better OS without statistical significance (p=0.072). Conclusions: Our analysis demonstrated neoadjuvant chemo/IO was associated with higher MPR in KRAS-mutated NSCLC pts than chemo alone. Achieving MPR prolonged EFS and OS. STK11 co-mutation may correlate with lower MPR percentage, shorter EFS and OS. TP53 co-mutation did not have clinically significant impact on MPR, EFS or OS. Future studies are needed to identify optimal neoadjuvant therapy for KRAS mutated NSCLC pts. [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant, KRAS, NSCLC
EP07.04-26 Real-World Biomarker Testing and Treatment Patterns Identified Using Machine Learning in Early Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: The early non-small cell lung cancer (eNSCLC) treatment landscape and biomarker testing requirements are rapidly evolving. This study evaluated biomarker testing and treatment patterns among patients with eNSCLC in US clinical practice. Methods: This retrospective observational study used the nationwide de-identified electronic health record (EHR)-derived Flatiron Health research database. Eligible patients had ≥2 visits and an NSCLC diagnosis between Jan 1, 2019 and Aug 31, 2022, stage I-IIIB (AJCC 8th edition), any clinical activity in Flatiron within 90 days following diagnosis and no clinical trial participation. Clinical characteristics were extracted from EHR via natural language processing with machine learning (ML) for the primary analysis; results were validated using a human-abstracted dataset. Systemic treatment rates were evaluated among resected patients with ≥180 days of follow-up after surgery. Biomarker testing for PD-L1, ALK and EGFR was evaluated among resected stage II-IIIB patients. Utilization of atezolizumab, the only adjuvant immunotherapy approved in the US during the study period, was evaluated in a subset of patients eligible for atezolizumab. Results were summarized using descriptive statistics. Results: A total of 29,314 patients were included from the ML-extracted database. Median age was 72 years, 47% male, 64% White, 45% stage I, and 61% non-squamous. Surgery rates varied by stage: stage I (55%), stage II (56%), stage IIIA (30%) and stage IIIB (10%). Among resected patients (n=9174), 54% received surgery only, 40% adjuvant only, 2% neoadjuvant only and 4% neoadjuvant + adjuvant therapy. Biomarker testing rates and the timeliness of testing improved over time; however, many patients resected during the latest analysis quarter (Q1 2022) did not receive PD-L1 (17%), ALK (31%) or EGFR (19%) testing any time during the study or up to 90 days prior to a recurrence, if present (Figure). Among stage II-IIIB resected patients, 69% were PD-L1 ≥1%, 13% EGFR+, and 2% ALK+. Among stage II-IIIB patients resected between Jul 2021 and Feb 2022 receiving adjuvant chemotherapy, 22% did not have evidence of a PD-L1 test result before completing chemotherapy. Atezolizumab utilization among those eligible increased over time (overall rate, 55%). The validation analysis (N=2316) replicated findings from the ML-extracted dataset. Conclusions: This study presents early real-world data in the adjuvant eNSCLC setting after atezolizumab approval in this indication. Biomarker testing has increased, but potential gaps in biomarker-informed treatment decisions require further investigation. Replicated findings in human-abstracted data support the use of the ML-extracted dataset for eNSCLC real-world research. [Formula presented] Keywords: Biomarker testing, Machine Learning, early non-small cell lung cancer
OA06.06 A Novel Multiparameter Biomarker of Pathological Response for NSCLC Receiving Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy: A Real-world Study; Introduction: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs)-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy has been approved by the FDA to treat resectable NSCLC with significant benefit over chemotherapy alone. As the surrogate for endpoint of clinical benefit, the rate of pathological response is still limited to 24%. Currently, there are no clinical biomarkers to identify patients who are likely to achieve pathological complete response (pCR) from Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). We aimed to explore whether a novel multi-parameter biomarker based on radiomic features from pretreatment CT scans and clinical variables could predict pCR of NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Methods: CT scans from 141 pretreatment NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy (NAIT) between May 18, 2019 and April 26, 2022 were retrospectively collected and were randomized to training or validation cohorts using a 7:3 ratio. 851 features were extracted from both tumoral and each subregion of peri-tumoral VOIs. The reference standard is the pathological complete response (pCR) rate and the crucial exclusion criteria are missing pretreatment CT scans or unavailable surgical pathological result. After reproducibility analysis, radiomic signatures were derived implementing machine learning in the training cohort and were tested in the validation cohort. A clinical model using binary logistic regression analysis was constructed and incorporated into radiomic signature to improve performance further. Results: Pathological complete response was present in 47 patients (33%; training, 34%; validation, 32%). 851 radiomic features extracted from tumoral and peritumoral regions applied a novel sub-region segmentation strategy was then filtered by reproducibility re-test on RIDER dataset and redundancy test via LASSO algorithm. A Generalized Linear Model (GLM) included 11 features was selected as the final model yielding the highest training AUC of 0.89 (95% confidence interval (CI), 0.84-0.96) and validation AUC of 0.81 (0.66-0.97). With sensitivity of 82% and specificity of 78%, validation accuracy of the GLM was 0.79. This was significantly higher than the accuracy based on solitary tumoral radiomic signature (0.71; p<0.05) or clinical signature (type of platinum regimen, pathological type, derived neutrophil lymphocyte ratio (dNLR); 0.67; p<0.05). The performance of GLM was approved after incorporated with clinical signature in both training (AUC=0.91, 95% CI: 0.86-0.97) and validation sets (AUC=0.86, 95% CI: 0.72-0.99). Conclusions: Our study established a pragmatic tool applied a novel segmentation strategy to predict the pathological responses of NSCLC to NAIT. The model could assist clinicians in selection and adjustment of treatment regimens earlier and provide reference for post-NAIT surgery strategy for NSCLC. Keywords: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy, Radiomics, Peri-tumoral analysis [Formula presented]
P1.21-03 Upregulation of HLA-I/II and Pro-inflammatory Cells in PBMCs Indicated Efficacy of Neoadjuvant Chemo-immunotherapy in Locally Advanced NSCLC; Introduction: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) potentially served as an idea liquid biopsy approach to evaluate immune activation status and treatment response after administration of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). In this study, gene expression profile in PBMCs at baseline and during the dynamic course of immunotherapy were extensively analyzed, and the relationship between dynamic changes in patients' PBMCs and response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy were comprehensively investigated. Methods: A total of 43 patients with stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy from August 2019 to July 2021 were enrolled. 10ml peripheral blood were collected at baseline (PB0), 7 days after neoadjuvant therapy (PB1), 21 days after neoadjuvant therapy (PB2) and 42 days after neoadjuvant therapy (PB3). PBMC were isolated and RNA was extracted subsequently subjected to a targeted RNA sequencing panel covering 2660 genes. (Amoy Diagnostics, Xiamen, China). Immune cell component was predicted via established deconvolution models (CIBERSORT, DNN-DAISM, MCP-Counter etc.) and single sample gene set enrichment analysis (ssGSEA) using pre-defined gene sets of immune cell types. Differential gene expression was analyzed through Mann-Whitney U test. Results: MHC I antigen presentation pathway and CD8+ T cell differentiation were both upregulated (p<0.05) in one week after 1st course of chemo-immunotherapy (PB1). Especially, in PBMCs of MPR patients at PB1, HLA-A, HLA-DQA1 and naïve CD8 T cell were significantly enriched. In PB2, antigen presenting process was continuously activated presented as upregulation of CIITA and sustained HLA-B level in MPR, but downregulation of those ones in non-MPR patients. Furthermore, after 2 cycles of chemo-immunotherapy, Effector/cytotoxic CD8+ cells were over-presented in MPR group, together with a rapid decline of NK cell and its marker, CD160 in non-MPR patients. In addition, PBMCs from MPR patients exhibited stable expression level of pro-inflammatory CCL4, XCL2, as well as up-regulated CCL23 and IL10. While expression of these molecules continued to decrease in PBMCs from non-MPR patients. Conclusions: This pilot study suggests rapid activation of HLA-I/II molecules followed by transition of CD8+ cells from naïve to cytotoxic T cells as well as activation of NK cells during first two treatment courses putatively indicated the therapeutic efficacy and responsive mechanism of immunotherapy. Keywords: HLA, PBMC, neoadjuvant therapy
P1.25-02 Complete Pathologic Response (pCR) as a Surrogate Endpoint in Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy Clinical Trials for NSCLC: A Meta-analysis; Introduction: An association between pCR and improved EFS has been reported in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy alone or in combination; however, it is unclear if pCR can be considered a surrogate clinical endpoint for EFS. Methods: We performed a systematic literature review of trials reporting outcomes of neoadjuvant immune-based therapy on PubMed and the proceedings of the most relevant international conferences until November 2022. Hazard ratios (HRs) measuring the association between pCR and EFS were retrieved from all eligible trials and analyzed using a random-effects meta-analysis model. To evaluate surrogacy, Odds Ratios (ORs) for pCR and HRs for EFS were retrieved from all eligible randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and analyzed using a linear regression model weighted by sample size. R2 and linear regression slope were used respectively to estimate the proportion of variation in EFS effect explained by pCR effect and the magnitude of change in EFS effect as a function of the magnitude of change in pCR effect. Results: Four RCTs and 10 single-arm trials were identified for a total of 1030 pts. 3 out of 14 trials (255 pts) could be used for the correlation analysis between pCR and EFS. pCR was statistically associated with EFS (HR 0.23; 95%CI 0.11-0.47, p < 0.0001; I2 = 3%). Surrogacy analysis was performed on the four RCTs (548 pts). The proportion of variation in EFS effect was not well explained by pCR effect (R2 0.108; 95%CI 0-1) and EFS treatment effect increased of 0.16 points in terms of HR for each ten or points increase in pCR (p 0.672). Conclusions: Our results indicate a robust association between pCR and EFS benefit exists across multiple clinical trials, however surrogacy was not proven. This could be explained by the large and multifaceted heterogeneity, supporting strong efforts to harmonize and standardize trial procedures. [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy, Non-small cell lung cancer, complete pathologic response
EP06.02-07 Tertiary Lymphoid Structures Predict Clinical Outcomes of Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in Resectable NSCLC; Introduction: Tumor-associated tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS) have been reported to associate with favorable prognosis in most solid tumors including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the prognostic value of TLSs in resected NSCLC receiving preoperative neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy remain further investigation. Methods: We retrospectively included 98 patients with resected NSCLC from two cohorts based on neoadjuvant treatment: neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy(N=57), and neoadjuvant chemotherapy (N=41). TLSs were identified and quantified by H&amp;E staining of serial paraffin sections with a thickness of 3-5μm. Then TLS scoring system were established for inside tumor bed region (IT score) and outside tumor bed region (OT score). Multiplex immunohistochemistry (mIHC) was applied to characterize TLS maturation. Correlation between TLS and clinical outcomes including recurrence-free survival (RFS) and overall survival (OS) were analyzed by Kaplan-Meier estimator and Cox proportional hazards regression model. Results: Generally, the TLS density is higher in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy cohort than that of neoadjuvant chemotherapy cohort (p<0.05). Patients with higher TLS density inside tumor bed region showed more favorable prognosis in both neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy cohort and neoadjuvant chemotherapy cohort, while TLS density outside tumor bed showed no significant correlation with clinical outcomes in either cohort. Furthermore, the multiplex immunohistochemistry analysis demonstrated both primary (CD21+CD23-) TLS and mature (CD21+CD23+) TLS were higher in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy cohort than that of neoadjuvant chemotherapy cohort (p<0.05). TLS maturation was proved to be an independent predictor for RFS in the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy cohort rather than neoadjuvant chemotherapy cohort. Conclusions: The density, spatial distribution and maturation of tertiary lymphoid structures are significantly associated with clinical outcomes and potentially provide valuable predicting factor for RFS in resectable NSCLC with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: Tertiary lymphoid structures, Non-small cell lung cancer, Neoadjuvant
OA12.05 Surgical Outcomes with Neoadjuvant Durvalumab + Chemotherapy Followed by Adjuvant Durvalumab in Resectable NSCLC (AEGEAN); Introduction: In the phase 3 AEGEAN study (NCT03800134), perioperative durvalumab + neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT), versus neoadjuvant CT alone, significantly improved both primary endpoints of event-free survival and pathological complete response, with a manageable safety profile, in patients with resectable (R) NSCLC. We report key surgical outcomes from AEGEAN. Methods: 802 patients with treatment-naïve R-NSCLC (stage II-IIIB[N2]; AJCC 8th edition) and ECOG PS 0/1 were randomised (1:1) to receive four cycles of platinum-based CT plus durvalumab 1500 mg IV or placebo every 3 weeks (Q3W) before surgery, followed by continued durvalumab or placebo (Q4W, 12 cycles). Randomisation was stratified by disease stage (II vs III) and PD-L1 expression (<1% vs ≥1%). Confirmation of EGFR/ALK aberration status was required pre-randomization following a protocol amendment. Patients with known EGFR/ALK aberrations were excluded from the modified intent-to-treat (mITT) population for efficacy analyses. Lobectomy, sleeve resection, or bilobectomy were allowed as planned surgeries (at enrolment); however, the protocol was amended with enrolment ongoing to exclude patients with tumours classified as T4 for any reason other than size (>7 cm) or whose planned surgery was pneumonectomy (originally allowed). Surgical outcomes were summarized for the mITT population using descriptive statistics. Here, safety was assessed in patients from the mITT population with ≥1 study treatment dose. Results: 737/740 patients randomized to the mITT population received study treatment, 366 and 371 in the durvalumab and placebo arms, respectively. In the mITT population, 80.6% and 80.7% underwent surgery, respectively; 77.6% and 76.7% completed surgery (investigator assessment), with disease progression the most common reason for cancelled (6.8% vs 7.8%) or non-completed surgery (1.4% vs 2.1%); among treated patients who underwent surgery, 17.6% and 21.9% had delayed surgery, most commonly for logistical reasons (e.g. scheduling issues; 9.8% vs 12.0%). Median time from last neoadjuvant treatment dose to surgery was the same in each arm (34.0 days). Among patients who underwent surgery, similar proportions in the durvalumab and placebo arms had open (49.2% vs 50.7%) and minimally invasive procedures (49.2% vs 47.0%); lobectomy was the most common procedure (80.7% vs 73.2%), followed by pneumonectomy (9.2% vs 9.6%). Among patients who completed surgery, a numerically higher proportion had R0 resection in the durvalumab versus placebo arm (94.7% vs 91.3%). Median time from surgery to first adjuvant treatment dose was similar in each arm (50.0 vs 52.0 days). During the post-surgery period, 40.2% and 39.2% of durvalumab- and placebo-treated mITT patients, respectively, who underwent surgery, had any AEs possibly related to surgery; 8.4% and 9.3% had maximum grade 3/4 AEs possibly related to surgery. Surgical complications by Clavien-Dindo classification occurred with similar frequency (59.3% vs 59.9% of mITT patients who had surgery); most were maximum grade 1/2 (53.2% vs 51.7%). Key results by disease stage will be presented. Conclusions: The addition of perioperative durvalumab to neoadjuvant CT did not adversely impact the feasibility, type, extent, or timing of surgery in patients with R-NSCLC and was associated with a tolerable surgical safety profile. Furthermore, the addition of durvalumab resulted in numerically higher R0 resection rates. Keywords: Durvalumab, Perioperative, Surgery
MA16.05 Phase Ib Trial of Neoadjuvant Low Dose Radiotherapy, Chemotherapy, and Durvalumab for Potentially Resectable Stage III NSCLC; Introduction: Although the standard treatment for most stage III NSCLC is chemoradiotherapy followed by durvalumab consolidation therapy, adding 45 Gy in 25 fractions of radiotherapy to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy yields high pathological response for potentially resectable NSCLC, but with excess toxicity. Herein, a phase Ib study was designed to assess the safety and tolerability, especially DLT of low-dose radiotherapy (LDRT) plus durvalumab and chemotherapy as neoadjuvant therapy for potentially resectable stage III NSCLC, and to define the optimal radiotherapy dosage. Methods: In this open-label, single-arm, phase Ib study, eligible patients with histologically confirmed, potentially resectable stage III NSCLC were enrolled. Eligible patients received radiotherapy at escalating doses (10 Gy in 5 fractions [cohort 1], 20 Gy in 10 fractions [cohort 2], and 30 Gy in 15 fractions [cohort 3]) according to a 3+3 design, and concurrent 1500 mg durvalumab and chemotherapy (260 mg/m2 nab-paclitaxel plus carboplatin AUC=5) on day 1 for two 21-day cycles. Radical surgery was scheduled within 4-6 weeks after the last dose of neoadjuvant therapy, followed by adjuvant durvalumab (1500 mg, every 4 weeks) for up to 1 year. Primary endpoints were safety and tolerability. The secondary endpoints are ORR, EFS, pCR and MPR. Results: Between August 2021 and August 2022, 9 patients were enrolled, of which 100.0% achieved tumor downstaging after completion of planned neoadjuvant therapy. No DLT (grade≥3 radiation pneumonia or immune-associated pneumonia) was recorded. AEs of any grade occurred in all patients (Table 1). Grade 3-4 AEs were reported in 3 (33.3%) patients, including leukopenia (22.2%), anemia (11.1%), and infectious pneumonia (11.1%). Seven (77.8%) of 9 patients underwent successful R0 resection, with a median interval to surgery after neoadjuvant therapy of 44 days (30-60 days). No treatment-related surgical delay or death was observed. The MPR and pCR rates were both 100.0% (1/1) for cohort 1, 66.7% (2/3) and 0.0% for cohort 2, and 100.0% (3/3) and 66.7% (2/3) for cohort 3. The ORR was 66.7% for all three cohorts. At the data cutoff, event-free survival was immature. Conclusions: LDRT in combination with durvalumab and chemotherapy as neoadjuvant therapy was well tolerated in patients with potentially resectable stage III NSCLC. No DLT was reported, and the optimal radiotherapy dosage was determined to be 30 Gy in 15 fractions. Further researches are necessary to validate the preliminary safety and efficacy of the combination regimen in the present study. [Formula presented] Keywords: Low-dose radiotherapy, Neoadjuvant therapy, Durvalumab
P1.27-03 Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade Plus Platinum-based Chemotherapy for EGFR-mutant NSCLC (CTONG2104): An Interim Analysis; Introduction: Pathological response of neoadjuvant EGFR-TKIs in early-stage NSCLC is discounted and whether immunotherapy plus chemotherapy yield greater efficacy for these patients remains unknown. Herein, we report an interim analysis of a phase 2 prospective trial (NCT05244213). Methods: This is an open-label, phase 2 prospective trial with Simon two-stage design. 35 patients with stage IIB-IIIB (N2) and EGFR mutation were estimated to enroll, and 3 cycles sintilimab plus chemotherapy would be provided followed by surgery (Figure 1A). The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR). Longitudinal tumor-informed MRD, single-cell RNA/whole exome/ transcriptome sequencing, dynamic flow cytometry and organoid-based experiments were performed. Results: By March 17, 2023, 13 patients were consecutively enrolled and 10 patients had completed neoadjuvant treatment and surgery. All patients completed 3 cycles neoadjuvant treatment and one patient had delayed surgery due to pneumothorax. The confirmed ORR was 70% (7/10). While no pCR was observed, 30% patients achieved MPR which met the primary endpoint for stage I in advance (Figure 1B). The N/N2 downstaging rate was 50%. For safety profile and surgical outcome, the most commonly reported grade 3 or worse adverse event was neutropenia (20%) while others were mostly grade 1/2. All patients were performed minimally invasive lobectomy and achieved R0 resection except for one with occult pleura metastasis. Peripheral/hilar adhesion and intraoperative fibrosis was 50% and 40%, respectively. 20% patients had grade 2 postoperative complications regarding Clavien Dindo. In terms of 20% cutoff for median residual viable tumors, significantly increased plasma IL-8 was found in responder (p=0.05) while decreased in non-responders (p=0.03). Plasma CD69+CD4+/CD8+early activated lymphocytes were notably elevated after neoadjuvant treatment in responders. Whole-exome sequencing of primary tumor along with matched PBMC were sequenced and 50-gene assay MRD was established. Despite MRD was negative at 30-day after surgery following neoadjuvant treatment for both responders and non-responders, deeper mean tumor molecules (MTM) clearance after initial cycle of treatment was found in responders. By integrating single-cell RNA/TCR sequencing of this study and a real-world cohort of EGFR-mutant NSCLCs treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy, we identified enriched TNFRSF4+activated Treg and remarkably TCR expansion of FOXP3+Treg in non-responders while predominant TCR expansion of CXCL13+Tpex, ZNF683+CXCR6+Trm and FGFBP2+NK-like CD8T in responders. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant sintilimab plus chemotherapy showed superior efficacy in localized EGFR-mutant NSCLC. Longitudinal multi-omics analysis is required to tailor more optimal treatment modalities for localized EGFR-mutant NSCLC as well as providing insight of combination strategies for advanced NSCLC. [Formula presented] Keywords: NSCLC, EGFR, Immunotherapy
P2.08-01 TROPION-Lung08: Datopotamab Deruxtecan Plus Pembrolizumab in Untreated Advanced/Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC); Introduction: First-line immunotherapy has been shown to significantly improve survival in patients with advanced/metastatic NSCLC. The anti-PD-1 antibody pembrolizumab alone showed superior efficacy over chemotherapy in untreated patients with advanced NSCLC and PD-L1 expression ≥50%, yet most patients will eventually experience progression. Datopotamab deruxtecan (Dato-DXd) is an antibody-drug conjugate composed of a humanized anti-TROP2 IgG1 monoclonal antibody covalently linked to a topoisomerase I inhibitor payload via a plasma-stable, tetrapeptide-based, cleavable linker. In the first-in-human phase 1 TROPION-PanTumor01 study (NCT03401385), Dato-DXd 6 mg/kg monotherapy demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) of 28% and a manageable safety profile in pretreated patients with NSCLC. Preclinical studies provided a rationale for investigating Dato-DXd combined with anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 antibody therapies. Subsequently, the phase 1b TROPION-Lung02 trial (NCT04526691) in patients with advanced NSCLC confirmed the tolerability of Dato-DXd 6 mg/kg combined with pembrolizumab, with stomatitis and nausea (mostly grade 1/2) as the most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events; the preliminary ORR (confirmed plus pending) for this combination as 1L therapy was 62% and the disease control rate was 100%. Here we describe TROPION-Lung08 (NCT05215340), a phase 3, global, randomized, open-label, active-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dato-DXd plus pembrolizumab vs pembrolizumab alone in treatment-naive patients with advanced/metastatic NSCLC without actionable genomic alterations and PD-L1 expression ≥50% (as determined by central testing). Methods: Approximately 740 patients will be randomized 1:1 to receive Dato-DXd 6 mg/kg plus pembrolizumab 200 mg or pembrolizumab 200 mg alone via infusion every 21 days until disease progression, discontinuation, or 35 cycles of pembrolizumab. Randomization will be stratified by Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status (0 vs 1), histology (squamous vs nonsquamous), geographic region (East Asia vs rest of world), and smoking status (former/current vs never). Patients must have stage IIIB or IIIC NSCLC ineligible for curative treatment or stage IV disease and be naive to systemic therapy; if patients received neoadjuvant/adjuvant systemic therapy without an immune checkpoint inhibitor, treatment must have been completed ≥6 months before the diagnosis of advanced/metastatic disease. Patients with previously treated stable brain metastases can participate. Those with a history of noninfectious interstitial lung disease (ILD)/pneumonitis that required steroids or who have current/suspected ILD/pneumonitis will be excluded. The primary endpoints are progression-free survival (PFS) by blinded independent central review (BICR) per RECIST version 1.1 and overall survival, with target hazard ratios of 0.65 and 0.75, respectively. Secondary endpoints include BICR- and investigator-assessed ORR, investigator-assessed PFS, PFS2, duration of response, time to response, disease control rate, time to deterioration, safety, and antidrug antibody prevalence. Pharmacokinetic parameters, biomarkers, and patient-reported outcomes will be explored; study enrollment is ongoing. Keywords: Datopotamab deruxtecan, Pembrolizumab, Antibody-drug conjugate
EP07.02-02 Impact of Neoadjuvant Immunotherapyon SurgicalManagement for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer:AMulti-center Survey of Current Practice from China; Introduction: Select patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) may become candidates for curative resection following neoadjuvant immunotherapy, and recent reports of survival are encouraging compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Whether the neoadjuvant immunotherapy increased the difficulty of the following surgery remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of neoadjuvant immunotherapy on real-world surgical practice of surgeons with NSCLC patients. Methods: An electronic survey was systematically distributed by Wechat specialised groups of thoracic surgeons from China. Data collected included personal information, management preferences, preoperative evaluation, intraoperative practice and postoperative events to assess surgical practice difference and difficulty after neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Results: A total of 267 eligible responses were received from 27 provinces of China. Most (72%) of these responders have practiced more than 10 years and 46% work in high-volume centers (>3000 cases/year). Central NSCLC of stage III is the most common setting for neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Tumor size, lymph node metastasis and probability of R0 resection are mostly considered for neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Most surgeons (81%) chose to perform surgery 4-6 weeks after neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Lobectomy (86%) and sleeve lobectomy (13%) are the most common type of surgery. Immune-related adverse events are observed by 45% of surgeons and higher in more experienced surgeons. Experience for length of surgery varied between responders: 37% chose longer, 30% chose comparable and 32% had no preference. For intraoperative bleeding consideration, 15% chose a greater risk for bleeding, 60% chose comparable and 21% had no preference. The opinion regarding difficulty of surgery also varied between responders: 32% chose an increased difficulty, 32% chose comparable and 29% believed that the hard one gets harder and the easy one gets easier. Most of the surgeons agrees that neoadjuvant immunotherapy did not increase the risk of intraoperative or postoperative major adverse events. Conclusions: In a multi-center survey of thoracic surgeons, there are some variations in management preferences of surgery. In general, neoadjuvant immunotherapy resulted in acceptable adverse events, enhanced the resectability and did not increase the complexity of surgery for most experienced surgeons. [Formula presented] Keywords: Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy, Surgical Management
EP08.02-34 Evaluation of Treatment Strategies for Patients with Stage IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer in the Immunotherapy Era; Introduction: Optimal treatment for patients with Stage IIIA NSCLC is controversial. NCCN recommends resection of bulky local disease, definitive concurrent chemoradiation (DC) consolidated with immunotherapy for extensive nodal involvement, and neoadjuvant therapy to downstage everything in between. Growing evidence indicates resection in combination with chemotherapy before or after surgery (S+C) may be superior to DC. Direct comparisons between S+C and DC with immunotherapy (DCI), among patients with IIIA disease diagnosed since immunotherapy was added to treatment guidelines, have not been performed. Methods: This retrospective study included adults diagnosed between 2017-2021 with stage IIIA NSCLC, and who started treatment within 6 months of diagnosis, from ConcertAI’s Patient360TM NSCLC product - a large, representative, de-identified oncology database of comprehensive human-curated real world data sourced from US academic and community electronic health records (EHRs) with full data provenance. Patients treated with targeted therapy, upstaged prior to treatment start, with T3/N2 disease, or with a second primary cancer within one year of diagnosis were excluded. Progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were evaluated using Kaplan Meier and Cox proportional hazard methods. Baseline differences were balanced using propensity score-derived inverse probability treatment weighting (IPTW). Results: Of 2223 eligible patients, 562 (25%) received S+C and 720 (32%) received DCI. Use of guideline-recommended treatment varied among community practices (Figure 1). [Formula presented] Compared to patients treated with DCI, patients treated with S+C had 24% lower hazard of progression and 35% lower hazard of overall mortality after controlling for baseline differences. This result was consistent for N2 and N0/N1 disease (Table 1). [Formula presented] Conclusions: Use of NCCN recommended therapies for stage IIIA NSCLC varies considerably among US oncology practices, which could reflect preference-guided rather than evidence-guided decision-making. Of the top patient therapies, surgery with chemotherapy is associated with improved survival and progression-free survival compared to chemoradiation with consolidation immunotherapy. Keywords: Stage IIIA, Surgery, Immunotherapy
OA12.06 Neoadjuvant Durvalumab + Chemotherapy Followed by Adjuvant Durvalumab in Resectable EGFR-mutated NSCLC (AEGEAN); Introduction: In the phase 3 AEGEAN trial, perioperative durvalumab + neoadjuvant chemotherapy, versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, significantly improved event-free survival (EFS) and pathological complete response (pCR), with manageable safety, in patients with resectable NSCLC (R-NSCLC). However, patients with known EGFR/ALK aberrations were excluded from efficacy analyses in the modified intent-to-treat (mITT) population. We report exploratory analyses of patients with EGFR-mutated (EGFRm) R-NSCLC in AEGEAN. Methods: AEGEAN is a placebo-controlled study of patients aged ≥18 years with treatment-naïve R-NSCLC (stage II-IIIB[N2]; AJCC 8th ed) and ECOG PS 0/1. Patients were randomized (1:1) to receive neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus durvalumab or placebo IV (Q3W for 4 cycles) prior to surgery, followed by durvalumab or placebo IV (Q4W up to 12 cycles), respectively, after surgery. Randomization was stratified by disease stage (II vs III) and PD-L1 expression (<1% vs ≥1%; Ventana SP263). EGFR mutation status was assessed centrally. The primary endpoints were EFS (RECIST v1.1), per BICR, and pCR, evaluated centrally, in the mITT population. Secondary endpoints included major pathological response (MPR), evaluated centrally, in the mITT population, and safety, assessed in patients with ≥1 study treatment dose. Outcomes were evaluated in the EGFRm patient subgroup. Results: Of 802 patients randomized to the ITT population, 51 had EGFR mutations (durvalumab arm, n=26; placebo arm, n=25), all of whom received ≥1 study treatment dose. Fewer patients in the durvalumab versus placebo arm were male (30.8% vs 48.0%) or Asian (57.7% vs 84.0%), however, median age was similar (63.5 vs 64.0 years); 57.7% versus 64.0% had Stage III disease, 38.5% versus 32.0% had PD-L1 expression <1%, and 11.5% versus 4.0% had squamous histology. 84.6% and 92.0% in the durvalumab and placebo arms, respectively, received 4 cycles of chemotherapy; 73.1% and 80.0% completed surgery. As of Nov 10, 2022 (DCO), median EFS follow-up in censored patients was 16.6 months. In the EGFRm subgroup, the unstratified EFS HR was 0.86 (95% CI, 0.35-2.19; vs mITT: stratified HR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.53-0.88; P=0.003902). pCR and MPR, with respective outcomes for the mITT population, are shown (Table 1). Maximum grade 3/4 AEs occurred in 42.3% (durvalumab arm) versus 40.0% (placebo arm) of patients. Conclusions: Among patients with EGFRm R-NSCLC, there is no clear evidence of clinical benefit in the durvalumab versus placebo arm. However, these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of patients and wide confidence intervals. Keywords: Durvalumab, perioperative, EGFR [Formula presented]
P1.28-06 Treatment Strategies for Locally-advanced NSCLC with Invasive T4 Tumors: A SEER Analysis in the Era of Precision Medicine; Introduction: In patients with locally-advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the invasion of major structures, such as the mediastinum and large blood vessels of the heart, tends to be refractory and unresectable. Multi-Disciplinary Treatment (MDT) would be generally applied for the optimal clinical decision. It is still not clear whether and how much benefits that the surgery-based strategy might provide to patients. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted by using the population-based Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results database (SEER) from 2010 to 2019, and we identified T4N0-3M0 NSCLC patients with the central structure invasion, under the AJCC 7/8 criteria. Based on the timeline for the development of precision medicine, three eras were divided: 2010-2015 for the targeted drugs proved by FDA; 2016-2017 for the initial approval of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs); 2018-2019 for the updated ICIs (Durvalumab after concurrent chemo-radiotherapy and neoadjuvant chemo-immune therapy). The benefits of surgery-/non-surgery based treatment were evaluated by Kaplan-Meier estimators and Cox proportional hazard models. Data were collected and analyzed from 1st February to 31st March, 2023. All statistical tests were two-sided with a significance threshold of p < 0.05. Results: A total of 20,150 patients were identified, including 2,955 patients who underwent surgery-based treatment. The median overall survival (mOS) has significantly increased with the development of precision medicine: 14.0 months for 2010-2015; 16.0 months for 2017-2018; 22.0 months for 2018-2019. Surgery-based treatment obviously prolonged the mOS (30.0 months), followed by: chemoradiation (16.0), chemotherapy alone (10.0) and radiation alone (6.0). Moreover, Cox survival analysis of each time period favored the modality based on surgery both on univariate and multivariate analysis, especially in the most recently era (HR=0.40, 95% CI 0.27-0.59, p < 0.001). Patients who were aged ≥ 65 years, male, stage N2-3 and pathologically diagnosed with squamous cell lung cancer had the shortened OS under multivariate analysis (p < 0.001, respectively). In the era of 2018-2019, the Kaplan-Meier survival curves showed a clear trend toward increased survival benefit in patients receiving chemotherapy alone and in male patients respectively, although mOS has not yet been reached. Conclusions: With the development of precision medicine for NSCLC, personalized treatment strategy was optimized depending on the more effective corporations of MDT, consequently prolonged the patients’ survival. Combing the peri-operation treatments in a radical intend, the surgery-based strategy showed the superior benefits among these patients with major structure invasion. [Formula presented] Keywords: Non–small cell lung cancer, Surgery, Precision Medicine
P2.05-13 Canakinumab with Standard of Care for Patients with Advanced NSCLC: T-cell Infiltration Analysis in CANOPY-1; Introduction: CANOPY-1 (NCT03631199) was a Phase III study evaluating the efficacy and safety of pembrolizumab plus platinum-based doublet chemotherapy combined with canakinumab or placebo as first-line therapy for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The primary endpoints of progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were not met, and no significant difference in clinical response was observed across predefined biomarker subgroups (including PD-L1, TMB, CRP, and IL-6). CD8+ tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes play a pivotal role in antitumor immune responses and high infiltration is associated with improved clinical outcomes when combined with immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy. Here, we present exploratory analyses to evaluate the prognostic role of CD8+ in patients treated with ICI and chemotherapy as well as the impact of canakinumab in subgroups of patients defined by their CD8 count in tumor samples. Methods: A CD8/panCK dual immunohistochemistry assay was used to quantify both the total CD8 count and the spatial localization of CD8+ cells in the tumor versus the stroma compartment based on a predefined algorithm, leading to classification of baseline tumor samples according to three phenotypes: immune desert, excluded, and inflamed. Two analyses of CD8 subgroups were performed using samples from 500 out of the 643 patients enrolled in CANOPY-1: total CD8 count in tumor samples (low versus high based on the median cut-off) and T-cell phenotype (immune desert versus excluded versus inflamed). Additionally, whole-transcriptome data generated by RNAseq of baseline tumor samples were available for 298 patients. Descriptive statistical comparisons and a Cox model were used to assess the prognostic and predictive roles of biomarkers. Listed p-values are nominal. Results: High T-cell infiltration status (patients with a high total CD8 count or inflamed phenotype) was associated with improved OS and PFS, regardless of treatment arm. In patients with a low total CD8 count, canakinumab treatment showed a trend towards improved median OS (17.1 versus 12.9 months; HR 0.722; 95% CI 0.515‒1.010; p=0.134) and improved median PFS (6.7 versus 4.9 months; HR 0.531; 95% CI 0.363‒0.778; p<0.001) compared with placebo. In patients with an immune desert T-cell phenotype, median PFS improved compared with placebo (6.9 versus 5.0 months; HR 0.469; 95% CI 0.216‒1.020; p=0.009), while median OS was not reached in the canakinumab arm compared with 10.4 months in the placebo arm (HR 0.583; 95% CI 0.311‒1.090; p=0.141). There were no clinically relevant imbalances in baseline characteristics between the treatment groups in the subgroups defined by total CD8 count and T-cell phenotype. Transcriptome analysis revealed that CD8-low/immune desert subgroups had higher suppressive myeloid tumor microenvironment features. Conclusions: The results of predefined exploratory biomarker analyses from CANOPY-1 indicated a positive trend towards treatment benefit with canakinumab in patients with low T-cell infiltration (low total count or immune desert phenotype). Preclinical studies and the neoadjuvant CANOPY-N trial recently showed that canakinumab combined with ICI could decrease immunosuppressive features and activate a CD8-driven antitumor response (Mok TSK, et al. ESMO Asia 2022), providing potential rationale for the findings from CANOPY-1 subgroup analyses. Further clinical validation is warranted. Keywords: NSCLC, IL-1β, biomarkers
WS02.20 Upregulation of HLA-I/II and Pro-inflammatory Cells in PBMCs Indicated Efficacy of Neoadjuvant Chemo-immunotherapy in Locally Advanced NSCLC; Introduction: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) potentially served as an idea liquid biopsy approach to evaluate immune activation status and treatment response after administration of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). In this study, gene expression profile in PBMCs at baseline and during the dynamic course of immunotherapy were extensively analyzed, and the relationship between dynamic changes in patients' PBMCs and response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy were comprehensively investigated. Methods: A total of 43 patients with stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy from August 2019 to July 2021 were enrolled. 10ml peripheral blood were collected at baseline (PB0), 7 days after neoadjuvant therapy (PB1), 21 days after neoadjuvant therapy (PB2) and 42 days after neoadjuvant therapy (PB3). PBMC were isolated and RNA was extracted subsequently subjected to a targeted RNA sequencing panel covering 2660 genes. (Amoy Diagnostics, Xiamen, China). Immune cell component was predicted via established deconvolution models (CIBERSORT, DNN-DAISM, MCP-Counter etc.) and single sample gene set enrichment analysis (ssGSEA) using pre-defined gene sets of immune cell types. Differential gene expression was analyzed through Mann-Whitney U test. Results: MHC I antigen presentation pathway and CD8+ T cell differentiation were both upregulated (p<0.05) in one week after 1st course of chemo-immunotherapy (PB1). Especially, in PBMCs of MPR patients at PB1, HLA-A, HLA-DQA1 and naïve CD8 T cell were significantly enriched. In PB2, antigen presenting process was continuously activated presented as upregulation of CIITA and sustained HLA-B level in MPR, but downregulation of those ones in non-MPR patients. Furthermore, after 2 cycles of chemo-immunotherapy, Effector/cytotoxic CD8+ cells were over-presented in MPR group, together with a rapid decline of NK cell and its marker, CD160 in non-MPR patients. In addition, PBMCs from MPR patients exhibited stable expression level of pro-inflammatory CCL4, XCL2, as well as up-regulated CCL23 and IL10. While expression of these molecules continued to decrease in PBMCs from non-MPR patients. Conclusions: This pilot study suggests rapid activation of HLA-I/II molecules followed by transition of CD8+ cells from naïve to cytotoxic T cells as well as activation of NK cells during first two treatment courses putatively indicated the therapeutic efficacy and responsive mechanism of immunotherapy. Keywords: HLA, PBMC, neoadjuvant therapy
EP08.01-02 Single-Cell RNA Sequencing Reveals Unique Immune Landscape in Rare-Mutant Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Undergoing Chemo-Immunotherapy; Introduction: Locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring rare mutations represents a challenging clinical scenario, for which a standard therapeutic approach has yet to be established. However, in the presence of programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression, neoadjuvant immunotherapy may offer promising outcomes by inducing favorable pathological responses. Nonetheless, the response patterns and immunological profile of patients with NSCLC and rare mutations in the context of immunotherapy treatment modalities remain inadequately elucidated. Methods: In this study, we performed single-cell RNA sequencing on 9 NSCLC specimens bearing rare oncogenic drivers, including ERBB2 p.Y772_A775dup, KIF5B-RET fusions, and BRAF V600E, which were receiving neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy and local consolidation therapy. Histological sections were reviewed to evaluate pathological response. Results: We identified and annotated a total of 48,188 cells across eight major cell subsets of immune, tumor, and stromal cells. Similar to the observations in previous studies, the major pathological response (MPR) group had a higher level of infiltrating T cells and natural killer (NK) cells than the non-MPR group, while the distribution of cell types varied among different rare driver mutations. The tumor harboring BRAF V600E mutation with the major pathological response (MPR) showed enrichment of IGHG+ plasma cells. In contrast, myeloid cells, especially macrophages, have a broad range of phenotypes enriched for profibrotic genes (e.g., CHI3L1, FABP4, and SPP1) in BRAF V600E with non-MPR. In patients carrying ERBB2 mutations, the patient with 20% residual tumor demonstrated a higher expression of TNFSF9+, HSPA1B+, and RPL41+ memory B cell, CXCL13+ CD4, and HSPA1A+ CD4 T cell than patient with 60% residual tumor. Furthermore, in comparison to the patient with 60% residual tumor, the T cell receptor signaling pathway was upregulated in the patient with 20% residual tumor. FGFBP2+ NK cells were enriched in the tumor with KIF5B-RET fusions that presented a pathological complete response. Conclusions: This study revealed a unique immune landscape at the single-cell level in rare-mutant NSCLC undergoing neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy. These findings may have implications for the development of personalized therapeutic strategies for patients with rare mutations in locally advanced NSCLC. [Formula presented] Keywords: non-small cell lung cancer, rare mutations, immunotherapy
EP08.02-05 Neoadjuvant Immunochemotherapy Combined with Probiotic Supplements in Stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC: A Real-World Prospective Study; Introduction: Recent studies have shown the association between gut microbiota and the pathogenesis of NSCLC. We aimed to assess the potential effects of combining neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and probiotic supplements as a therapeutic strategy in NSCLC. Methods: In this real-world single-center prospective study, eligible patients with stage IIB to IIIB NSCLC received 3 cycles of nivolumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy and daily oral administration of probiotic supplements containing Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Enterococcus faecalis, followed by resection. The primary endpoint was pathological complete response (pCR), and the second endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS). Gut microbiota of propensity-score-matched patients from pCR and non-pCR groups was analyzed using metagenomics sequencing. Results: Between August 2020 and June 2022, 43 patients were enrolled and received neoadjuvant treatment. At the time of data cutoff, the median duration of follow-up was 19.0 months. All 43 patients had tumour resection, 23 of whom (53.5%) achieved pCR. At 19 months, PFS was 93.0% (95% CI 81.4-97.6). While 42 (97.7%) of 43 patients had treatment-related adverse events (trAE) during neoadjuvant treatment, only 6 (14.0%) had trAE of grade 3, and none of the adverse events were associated with surgery delays or deaths. The beta diversity index of gut microbiota was elevated after receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy plus probiotic supplements, but the chao1 index remained similar. The microbiome structures at species level significantly varied from pCR group to non-pCR group. There were 81 differentially-abundant microbial species before neoadjuvant treatment and 83 after neoadjuvant treatment between two groups, with 3 overlapping species including Legionella jordanis, Thiomonas intermedia, and Xanthomonas vasicola. Conclusions: Patients with stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC who received neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy plus probiotic supplements had a high pCR rate, a long PFS, and a low incidence of severe trAE. Gut microbiota may be involved in response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy in NSCLC, which requires further investigation. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: non-small cell lung cancer, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy, probiotic supplements
EP07.05-13 The Efficacy of Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy versus Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Resectable NSCLC, a Comparison Research from Real World; Introduction: Both the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and neoadjuvant chemotherapy has improved poor prognosis to vary degrees in patients with resectable NSCLC. However, efficacy difference between two neoadjuvant approaches still needs more evidence. Therefore, we conducted a retrospective study from real world to compare efficacy of two different neoadjuvant strategies, and determined factor related to prognosis. Methods: Patients with NSCLC received both neoadjuvant therapy and resection were collected. Radiological evaluations before and after neoadjuvant therapy were conducted according to RECIST criteria. All pathological slices of surgical specimen were evaluated to determine pathological response. Prognosis analysis was performed with Kaplan-Meier estimator and Cox proportional hazards regression model. Results: 57 patients received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and 46 patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy were enrolled. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy provided a OR (objective response) rate at 75%, MPR (major pathological response) rate at 63% and cPR (pathological complete response) rate at 37%, higher than rate of OR (52%), MPR (22%) and cPR (9%) achieved in neoadjuvant chemotherapy group. More favorable RFS (recurrence-free survival) and OS (overall survival) was observed in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy group. And there was strong correlation between MPR status and RFS in patients with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Conclusions: Our research indicated that neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy was more superior in producing high rate of OR, MPR, cPR and offering better prognosis. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy deserves recommendation for resectable NSCLC. Additionally, MPR was significant predictor for recurrence-free survival in patients treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant, Immunotherapy, Major pathological response (MPR)
EP08.02-31 Long-Term Efficacy and Safety of Tislelizumab Plus Chemotherapy as Neoadjuvant/Adjuvant Therapy for IIB-III NSCLC: A Retrospective Study; Introduction: The previous retrospective study(2022WCLCEP02.04-010) showed promising MPR and tolerability of neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy in resectable stage IIIA-B NSCLC, meanwhile did not impact the feasibility of surgery. This study aimed to evaluate long-term EFS benefit in stage IIB-III NSCLC in a real-world setting. Methods: We retrospectively collected medical data of patients(pts) who received neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy and adjuvant tislelizumab therapy between 2020-2022 at our center. The primary endpoint was 2-year event free survival (2-year EFS) rate; secondary endpoints included major pathological response (MPR), pathological complete response(pCR), object response rate (ORR), surgical outcomes, and safety etc. Results: There were 23 patients eligible for inclusion. 20 pts received 3-4 cycles neoadjuvant therapy. 22 pts received surgery successfully and the median surgery interval were 33.5 (range 21-50) days. 18 pts received adjuvant tislelizumab therapy with median 4(range 1-23) cycles(Q3W) and the median adjuvant therapy interval were 30 (range 25-90) days. As of data cut-off on March 30,2023, follow-up with median 21 (range 4-35) months, 2-years EFS rate was 76.2% (95%CI:42.7-91.7) and median EFS did not arrive. The ORR was 85% (95%CI:62.1-96.8) and CR rate was 5% (95%CI:0.12-24.8); The surgery rate was 95.65% (95%CI:78.05-99.89) and R0 resection rate was 100%. The pathological down-staging rate was 90.9% (95%CI:70.8-98.9). The MPR was 72.7% (95%CI:49.8-89.3)and pCR was 36.4%(95%CI:17.2-51.3). Immune related AEs (n, %, grade) included pruritus (n=1,4.3%, grade1), dermatitis (n=1,4.3%, grade1), myelosuppression (n=1,4.3%, grade3). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant and adjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy showed long-term EFS benefit and tolerable adverse events in stage IIB-III NSCLC in real word. [Formula presented] Keywords: Long-term efficacy and safety, neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy, Tislelizumab plus chemotherapy
P2.01-03 Efficiency and Survival Data of Neoadjuvant PD-1 Inhibitor Combined With Chemotherapy in Potentially Resectable IIIA or IIIB NSCLC; Introduction: Patients with stage IIIA/IIIB non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) are potentially curable, however 5-year survival rate remains disappointing of 40%. The median overall survival(OS) of stage III resectable NSCLC was only 31months, and 22 months for N2. Antibodies that block programmed death 1 (PD-1) protein combined with chemotherapy improves survival in patients with resectable IB-IIIA NSCLC. Sintilimab, a highly selective, fully human monoclonal antibody (mAb), blocks the interaction of PD-1 and its ligands and has demonstrated clinical benefit in various clinical studies. Therefore, for those patients with potentially resectable IIIA/IIIB NSCLC who definitely need neoadjuvant therapy, it is still a question to be explored whether immunochemotherapy combined with chemotherapy can improve the pathological response rate, the disease-free survival(DFS) and OS. This study assessed the effects of the addition of Sintilimab to traditionnal neoadjuvant chemotherapy in potentially resecrable IIIA/IIIB NSCLC, aims to observe whether Sintilimab in combination with chemotherapy can be a new choice to improve survival rate and provide more possibilities of surgical resection for IIIA/IIIB NSCLC. Methods: This prospective, single-center, single-arm, phase 2 clinical trial (registration number: NCT04326153) included treatment-naive patients with potentially resectable NSCLC (stage IIIA/IIIB) who received sintilimab plus nab-paclitaxel and carboplatin for two to three cycles before systematic nodal dissection 30 to 60 days after neoadjuvant treatment. After surgery, patients needed to complete two cycles of adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (sintilimab + nab-paclitaxel + carboplatin). The primary endpoint was disease-free survival rate at 24 months, whereas secondary endpoints included major pathological response (MPR) and pathologic complete response (pCR) rates, the overall survival, objective response rate (ORR), and adverse effects. Results: Between December 2019 and November 2021, 30 patients were enrolled, of whom 20 were underwent surgery. Nine of the other ten patients who did not underwent surgery achieved PR, but unfortunately missed the opportunity for surgery due to the COVID19. The ORR and DCR were 67.7% and 96.7%, respectively. R0 resection was achieved in all surgical cases. Nine (45%) patients had a pCR and 13 (65%) patients had a MPR. At the time of data cutoff (March 2023), median follow-up time was 30.6 months. The median DFS and OS were not reached. The current two years DFS rate was 74.6%. Severe (grade 3-4) TRAE included myocardial enzyme(1of 30, 3.3%), interstitial pneumonia leukopenia (1 of 30, 3.3%), and bronchopleural fistula(1of 30, 3.3%). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant Sintilimab plus chemotherapy is a new choice to provide more opportunities of surgical resection and improve the DFS and OS for IIIA/IIIB NSCLC. Keywords: adjuvant, immunochemotherapy, non-small cell lung cancer
MA09.10 Paired Specimens Elucidate the Role of Tumor Microenvironment Reprogramming in the Efficacy of Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC; Introduction: Combined chemo-immune therapy demonstrates remarkable therapeutic responsiveness at neoadjuvant setting in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), with responding mechanism remains not fully understood. Methods: We characterized the transcriptomes of ∼140,000 single cells and the T-cell receptor (TCR) immune repertoire of ∼50,000 single immune cells derived from 18 paired pre-treatment and post-treatment lung tumor samples from 9 IIB-IIIB NSCLC patients who received combined neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor with chemotherapy. Among those, pathological responses were evaluated as non-major pathologic response (non-MPR, n=3), MPR (n=3), and pathologic complete response (PCR, n=3). Results: Responsive tumors (tumors with MPR and PCR) held the higher proportion of T cells than non-MPR tumors, both at baseline and at post-treatment. Cluster-based proportions exhibited increased proportion of CD8+ T clusters in responsive tumors and, conversely, increased proportion of Tregs in non-MPR tumors. We next investigated TCR repertoire dynamics. Responsive tumors possessed richer clonal abundance than non-MPR tumors. Responsive tumors enriched highly-expanded TCR clones in CD8+ effector memory T cells (CD8+ EM). We then characterized TCR clones according to copy number changes from pre- to post-treatment. CD8+ EM clones were mainly characterized as expanded, including in situ persistently expansion from pre- to post-treatment, and novel clonal expansion that not existed prior to treatment. These CD8+ EM expanded clones exhibited enhanced functions in T cell activation, cellular killing and immune response to tumor. On the other hand, non-MPR tumors were dominant by enriched TCR clones in Tregs. These Tregs clones were mainly novel clones at post-treatment. We characterized Treg functions via pathway scoring and found that SMAD and IL-2 pathway were functionally activated both in highly-expanded Treg clones at post-treatment and PDCD1-positive Treg clones at pre-treatment. Conclusions: In general, functionally enhanced CD8+ T cells and Tregs, respectively, positively and negatively contributed to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. Our study provided first insight into responding mechanism behind neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy using paired tissuee specimens, implicating chemoimmunotherapy induced differential clonal patterns of CD8+ effective T cells and Tregs as the trigger to distinct responsiveness. Keywords: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy efficacy, Tumor microenvironment, Single-cell sequencing
EP07.04-29 Hyperspectral Multiplex Immunohistochemistry and Recurrence in Resected Early Stage Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: The global burden of disease study revealed that lung cancer is a leading cause of death worldwide. The only patients with a prospect of cure are early non-small cell lung cancer (eNSCLC) amenable to surgery. However, many experience poor survival from recurrence and aggressive tumor microenvironment, which includes patient immune expression patterns undiagnosed with current clinical technology. Peri-operative immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) provide promise to improve survival in eNSCLC. However, data on optimal immunohistohemistry (IHC) approach to select patients who will benefit from ICIs is needed. We hypothesize that immune cell group classification using hyperspectral multiplex IHC (mICH) can be used to identify eNCSLC at risk of recurrence, who may derive clinical benefit from ICIs. Methods: Consecutive patients with confirmed eNSCLC were enrolled from thoracic surgery clinic. Following surgery, histopathologic synoptic reporting was conducted. Tumor tissue was subject to NGS and hyperspectral mIHC from slides cut from the core FFPE (Figure 1.) Antibodies chosen were selected based upon markers that have of direct therapeutic relevance via the T cell biological mechanism in anti-PD1/PDL1 immune therapy. Results: 16 consecutive cases underwent curative intent resection for eNSCLC. Mean(SD) age 69 (9), and 14 (87.5%) female. Never smokers comprised 8 (50%), while former or current smokers 8 (50%). Predominant histopathology was adenocarcinoma 15 (94%), and stage IA 9 (56%). 5 (31%) eNSCLC suffered recurrent cancer at 2 years despite complete resection. Hyperspectral mIHC revealed significantly higher PDL1+ total cell counts in those cases of recurrent eNSCLC versus non-recurrent (3767 vs. 390; p=0.029 (Table 1). Conclusions: The hyperspectral mIHC preliminary results show PDL1+ cell counts to be significantly higher in recurrent eNSCLC after complete resection. Results could be used to refine which NSCLC patients may benefit from perioperative ICIs, and preliminary findings validated in a larger ongoing study that includes additional molecular markers. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
MA11.09 SAKK 16/18: Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy, Durvalumab and Immune-Modulatory RT in Stage III(N2) NSCLC. Surgical Interim Analysis; Introduction: For patients (pts) with resectable stage III(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the single-arm SAKK 16/14 trial suggested significant improvements in pathological complete response (pCR), major pathological remission (MPR), and event-free survival (EFS) with the addition of perioperative durvalumab to standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy (ChT) with cisplatin and docetaxel. The ongoing SAKK 16/18 trial is evaluating whether immune-modulatory radiotherapy (RT) administered concurrently with neoadjuvant durvalumab can further improve efficacy outcomes. Methods: In this non-comparative randomized phase II trial, pts with resectable stage IIIA-B(N2) NSCLC (cT1-3 or T4 due to size N2 M0) are randomized to three cycles of cisplatin 100mg/m2 and docetaxel 85mg/m2 followed by one dose of durvalumab (1500mg) concomitantly with one of three RT regimens (20x2Gy, 5x5Gy, 3x8Gy) to the primary tumor only. Tumor resection takes place 4-6 weeks after RT start and is followed by adjuvant durvalumab for 1 year. The primary endpoint is 1-year EFS. We report on the secondary endpoints of the interim analysis focusing on the impact of neoadjuvant multimodality treatment on surgical outcomes including resectability and perioperative complications. Results: At the cut-off date of October 8, 2022, 25 pts had reached postoperative day 30, and a total of 31 pts were included in the safety analysis. Median age of pts was 65 years. Adenocarcinoma was the predominant histology (18 pts; 58%). Stage IIIA was evident in 16 (52%) and stage IIIB in 15 pts (48%). 30 pts (97%) had at least one treatment-related adverse event (TRAE). 88% of all TRAEs were attributable to neoadjuvant ChT (16% G3-4), 4% each to neoadjuvant durvalumab (1% G3) and RT (1% G4), and 8% to surgery (35% G3-4). 81% of pts (n=25) underwent surgery. The reasons for non-resection were death (COVID, n=1), disease progression (n=3), and non-resectable tumor (n=2). A minimally invasive approach was possible in 44%. Systematic radical lymph node dissection was performed in 88%. R0 resection was achieved in 96% of pts. 44% of the resected patients had at least one AE related to surgery with highest grade 2 in 5 pts (20%), grade 3 in 5 pts (20%) and grade 4 in 1 pt (4%). The 30-day mortality was 0%. The pCR rate was 28%, and MPR (≤10% viable tumor cells) was recorded in 76% of all resected tumors. Details of surgical outcomes associated with each RT regimen will be presented at the meeting. Conclusions: The pre-planned interim safety analysis of the SAKK 16/18 trial confirmed that surgery post-neoadjuvant trimodality treatment was feasible and safe. The trial will continue with a planned total number of 90 patients (30 per RT arm). Keywords: Surgical interim analysis, Stage III(N2), Combination treatment
Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objectives: To systematically evaluate the effectiveness and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Randomized controlled trials of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in treating patients with NSCLC were comprehensively retrieved from electronic databases, eligible studies, previous systematic reviews and meta-Analyses, guidelines, and conference abstracts. The meta-Analysis was performed by the Stata/SE 12.0 software. Results: Eleven randomized controlled trials were eventually included. The results of the meta-Analysis showed that neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy significantly improved the objective response rate compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT; 62.46% vs 41.88%, P = 0.003), but the objective response rate of neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy was roughly comparable to that of neoadjuvant single-immunotherapy (15.74% vs 10.45%, P = 0.387). Major pathologic response (MPR) rate and pathologic complete response (pCR) rate of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy were significantly superior to neoadjuvant CT alone and neoadjuvant single-immunotherapy, respectively. Compared with neoadjuvant CT alone, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy increased the down-staging rate (40.16% vs 26.70%, P = 0.060), the surgical resection rate (83.69% vs 73.07%, P = 0.231), and R0 resection rate (86.19% vs 77.98%, P = 0.502), but there were no statistically significant differences. Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy did not increase the postoperative complications rate than neoadjuvant CT alone (40.20% vs 41.30%, P = 0.920). In terms of safety, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy did not increase the incidence of treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) and the grade 3 or higher TRAEs. Conclusions: In summary, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy had better clinical efficacy than neoadjuvant CT for patients with NSCLC. MPR rate and pCR rate of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy were significantly superior to neoadjuvant CT and neoadjuvant single-immunotherapy, respectively, for patients with NSCLC, showing that MPR rate and pCR rate were probably considered as alternative endpoints for survival benefit. TRAEs were comparable between the corresponding groups. The long-Term survival outcome of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with NSCLC needs to be further confirmed to better guide clinical practice.
489TiP BGB-LC-202 (NCT05577702): Phase II Umbrella study of tislelizumab (TIS) monotherapy and TIS-based immunotherapy combinations +/- chemotherapy (CT) as neoadjuvant treatment in Chinese patients (pts) with resectable stage II to IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant anti-programmed cell death (ligand) 1 (PD[L]-1) inhibitors + CT have shown promising efficacy improvements compared with CT alone in pts with resectable NSCLC. Exploring neoadjuvant treatment containing novel agents that retain or improve efficacy and minimize safety risks may provide more clinical options for these pts. This phase 2 study aims to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, safety, and pharmacodynamics of TIS, an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody (mAb), as monotherapy and in multiple immunotherapy combinations +/- CT as neoadjuvant treatment in pts with resectable NSCLC. Trial design: This phase 2 randomized, open-label, multicenter study (14 sites) will enroll approximately 120 treatment-naïve pts aged ≥18 years with EGFR mutation and ALK-rearrangement-negative stage II to IIIA NSCLC. The umbrella design allows for multiple investigational drugs, administered alone or in combination in a single disease population. Pts will be allocated to 1 of 2 substudies based on tumor cell PD-L1 expression. Sixty pts in Substudy 1 (PD-L1 ≥50%) will be randomized 1:1:1 to TIS monotherapy (Arm 1A), TIS + ociperlimab (anti-T-cell immunoreceptor with immunoglobulin and immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motif domains mAb) (Arm 1B), or TIS + LBL-007 (anti-LAG-3 mAb) (Arm 1C). Sixty pts in Substudy 2 (PD-L1 <50%) will be randomized 1:2 to receive histology-specific (nonsquamous vs. squamous) CT in combination with TIS (Arm 2A) or TIS + LBL-007 (Arm 2C). All treatments will be administered on a 3-week cycle for 2–4 cycles followed by surgical resection and survival follow-up. The primary endpoint is major pathological response, per blinded independent pathology review (BIPR). Secondary endpoints include pathological complete response per BIPR, overall survival, event-free survival, and disease-free survival (both per investigator; RECIST v1.1), adverse events (per CTCAE v5.0), the proportion of pts who undergo surgical resection following treatment, and pharmacodynamic assessments of the investigational agents. Enrollment is ongoing. Clinical trial identification: NCT05577702. Legal entity responsible for the study: BeiGene. Funding: BeiGene. Disclosure: W. Yu: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: BeiGene, BeiGene; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks or ownership: BeiGene, BeiGene. J. Shi: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: BeiGene; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks or ownership: BeiGene. B. Wei: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: BeiGene; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks or ownership: BeiGene. W. Zheng: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: BeiGene; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks or ownership: BeiGene. Z. Shen: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: BeiGene; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks or ownership: BeiGene. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Penpulimab-based combination neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy for patients with resectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer: Preliminary results from a phase II study (ALTER-L043); Background: The Perioperative combinations including immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have shown encouraging results in patients with resectable locally advanced NSCLC, but the better treatment option needs to be explored further. Anti-angiogenesis therapy has been reported to adjust tumor microenvironment and synergistic effects of immunotherapy. We made an advanced design to investigate the efficacy and safety of Penpulimab-based combination neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy for this population. Methods: In this multicenter phase II study, eligible patients (pts) without driver gene mutations, resectable clinical stage IIB-IIIB (N2) NSCLC, were randomized 1:1:1 to receive one of the three regimens in 21-day cycle: Penpulimab (200mg, iv, day 1) + chemotherapy + Anlotinib (12mg, po, day 1-14) (Arm A) or Penpulimab (200mg, iv, day 1) + chemotherapy (Arm B) or Penpulimab (200mg, iv, day 1) + Anlotinib (12mg, po, day 1-14) (Arm C) for 3-4 cycles before surgery, followed by adjuvant therapy of Penpulimab + Anlotinib (Arm A, C) or Penpulimab monotherapy (Arm B) for a year at most. Primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR) rate, secondary endpoints were objective response rate (ORR), pathologic complete response (pCR), event-free survival (EFS), 1 year EFS rate, overall survival (OS) and safety. Results: From December, 2021 to August, 2023, 49 pts were randomized to Arm A (n=16) or Arm B (n=16) or Arm C (n=17). At data cutoff (Aug 3, 2023), median follow-up was 5.3 months. Definitive surgery rates in Arm A/B/C were 87.5% vs 87.5% vs 76.5% respectively. The MPR rates were 70.0% vs 37.5% vs 80% in the three arms, and 50.0% vs 37.5% vs 60% pts showed pCR respectively. ORR of neoadjuvant therapy was 50.0% vs 37.5% vs 47.06% in the three arms. The incidence of grade ≥ 3 adverse events (AEs) were 31.25% vs 31.25% vs 23.53% respectively. There is no fatal AE related to Penpulimab or Anlotinib. Conclusions: The results demonstrated that these new perioperative combinations of ICI and Anti-angiogenesis agent (Penpulimab and Anlotinib) with or without chemotherapy showed promising efficacy and with manageable safety profiles. Clinical trial identification: NCT04846634. Legal entity responsible for the study: Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute & Hospital. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Single-cell transcriptomics reveals tumor-infiltrating B cell function after neoadjuvant pembrolizumab and chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most pervasive lung cancer subtype. Recent studies have shown that immune checkpoint inhibitors achieved favorable clinical benefits in resectable NSCLC; however, the associated mechanism remains unclear. The role of T cells in antitumor immunity has received considerable attention, while the antitumor effects of tumor-infiltrating B cells (TIBs) in NSCLC remain poorly understood. Here, we conducted a single-cell RNA-seq analysis of immune cells isolated from 12 patients with IIIA NSCLC to investigate B cell subtypes and their functions following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. We confirmed the simultaneous existence of the four B cell subtypes. Among them, memory B cells were found to be associated with a positive therapeutic effect to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Furthermore, we found that G Protein-Coupled Receptor 183 (GPR183) was most prevalent in memory B cells and associated with a positive therapeutic response. Multiplex immunofluorescence and flow cytometry experiments in an additional cohort of 22 treatment-naïve and 30 IIIA/IIIB NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy verified these findings. Overall, our analysis revealed the functions of TIBs and their potential effect on clinical treatment in NSCLC.
SURGICAL RESECTION RESULTS IN PROLONGED SURVIVAL IN PATIENTS WITH STAGE III NSCLC; Introduction Treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in UICC stage III requires a combined multimodal approach including surgical resection, chemo- radiotherapy and immunotherapy. Yet the role of surgical resection is discussed controversially. Therefore, we sought to study the effect of surgical resection being part of the treatment concept on survival in those patients. Methods Retrospective investigation of reported data of the regional cancer registry (Baden-Wuerttemberg, Germany) including all patients with NSCLC staged UICC III between 2015 and 2021 and at least 12 months follow up. Analysis of demographic data, treatment regimen and overall survival was performed. In addition to descriptive statistics, Kaplan-Meier curves were calculated to compare overall survival of patients with surgical resection being part of the therapy vs. those without surgical resection. Results A total of 6784 patients staged UICC III were included, 66.4% female, 33.6% male with a median age of 67 and 69 years. Adenocarcinomas counted for 45%, squamous cell carcinomas for 46%. As for UICC stages percentages for IIIA, IIIB and IIIC were 47.7%, 37.3% and 15% respectively. Median overall survival according for stages IIIA, IIIB and IIIC was 26.2, 17.5. and 10.5. months correspondingly. A multimodal therapeutic approach was completed in 56% of patients. In patients in whom surgical resection was part of the therapy median overall survival was 45.9 months as compared to patients without resection: 16.0 months (p<0.0001) This benefit was independent of primary histology and subgroup. Conclusion Treatment of patients with stage III NSCLC is multimodal. If surgical resection is part of the multimodal approach survival can significantly be improved as compared to patients in whom resection is not performed. Therefore, patients with stage III NSCLC should be resected whenever possible. If primary resection cannot be achieved concepts should aim at reduction of the tumor burden, e.g. by neoadjuvant concepts, in order to realize secondary tumor resection and prolong survival.
PREOPERATIVE SHORT COURSE RADIOTHERAPY WITH ENVAFOLIMAB, ENDOSTATIN AND SOX REGIMEN IN LOCALLY ADVANCED GASTRIC; Background There is no consensus on the beneficiary population, regimen selection, and efficacy evaluation of neoadjuvant therapy for locally advanced gastric cancer. Existing evidence shows that neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy can increase pCR, reduce tumor staging, and improve R0 resection rate for locally advanced gastric cancer. However, due to the insufficiently high pCR and survival benefits, there is an urgent need for more effective neoadjuvant treatment regimens to improve patient outcomes. Immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) combined with chemotherapy has become a standard first-line treatment for gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (GEJ) and gastric adenocarcinoma. In addition, radiotherapy combined with ICI may enhance the efficacy of immunotherapy. Preliminary studies have shown that short-course radiotherapy combined with ICIs and chemotherapy for neoadjuvant treatment of colorectal cancer has good efficacy and safety. Envafolimab is the world's first approved novel subcutaneously injectable PD-L1 inhibitor, which can significantly improve treatment convenience and compliance, and has shown good efficacy in multiple solid tumors including gastric cancer, small cell lung cancer, and liver cancer. The purpose of this study is to explore the efficacy and safety of short-course radiotherapy combined with envafolimab, recombinant human vascular endothelial inhibitor, and SOX regimen for neo-adjuvant treatment of resectable locally advanced gastric/gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma. Methods This study is a prospective, single-arm, phase II clinical trial (NCT05387681). The study plans to recruit 35 newly diagnosed patients with locally advanced gastric/gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (aged 18-75 years; cT2-4aN+ M0; ECOG score ≤1). Patients who meet the inclusion criteria will receive preoperative short-course radiotherapy according to the study plan, with a tumor dose of 25Gy (5Gy/day × 5 days, from day 1 to day 5). After a one-week rest, they will receive three cycles of enovolimab (300 mg/dose, Q3W, subcutaneous injection) combined with recombinant human vascular endothelial inhibitor (210 mg, Q3W, intravenous pump infusion, given on the first three days of each cycle), and SOX regimen treatment. Radical surgery will be performed 2-4 weeks after the completion of the last neoadjuvant treatment, and adjuvant therapy will be administered based on staging, followed by survival follow-up. The primary endpoint of the study is the pathological complete response rate(pCR), and the secondary endpoints include R0 resection rate, major pathological response (MPR), and safety.
SERUM PROTEOMICS SIGNATURE AND ITS ASSOCIATION WITH IMMUNE-RELATED TOXICITIES AND SURVIVAL IN PATIENTS WITH NON-SMALL CELL LUNG CANCERS (NSCLC) RECEIVING IMMUNOTHERAPY; Background The circulating proteome, which reflects the host's response to diseases, is currently being investigated as a potential marker to assess the response to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). However, early detection and recognition of immune-related adverse events (irAEs) of ICI are equally crucial. There is a high unmet need to develop serum-based biomarkers that can accurately predict irAEs. Methods In this retrospective study, we employed a proteomics assay (VeriStrat, Biodesix) that utilizes machine learning algorithms and MALDI-ToF mass spectrometry-based signatures. A total of 105 patients diagnosed with NSCLC who received ICI therapy as neoadjuvant, adjuvant, or palliative treatment, either as monotherapy or in combination with chemotherapy, were included. Proteomics assay was performed on blood samples collected between 2018 and 2023, and patients were classified into two groups based on their assay scores: VeriStrat Good (VS-G) and VeriStrat Poor (VS-P). The log-rank test was used to analyze the time to occurrence of the irAE. Results Among 105 patients analyzed, 42 received ICI-only regimens, while 63 received ICIs in combination with cytotoxic chemotherapy. Of these patients, 87 received palliative immunotherapy, 9 received neoadjuvant immunotherapy, and 9 received adjuvant immunotherapy. A total of 27 patients (25.7%) experienced irAEs, with 3 patients experiencing grade≥3 irAEs. Among those who developed irAEs, 7 developed pneumonitis, 5 developed rash, 2 developed hypophysitis and developed colitis respectively. Among 86 patients in the VS-G group 20 developed irAEs (23.3%), but 7 out of 19 people in the VS-P group developed irAEs (36.8%). The VS-P group demonstrated a tendency to develop toxicities earlier than those in the VS-G group (hazard ratio [HR]=2.13; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.88-5.16; P = 0.08) (figure 1A). VS-P showed a trend for poorer survival compared with VS-G patients, although not statistically significant (HR=1.57; 95% CI, 0.70-3.56) (figure 1B). Conclusions We report for the first time that the VS-P group may develop earlier toxicity compared to the VS-G group. This finding may provide a proof-of-concept that serum proteomics reflecting the host immune environment may help predict irAE with ICI use. Furthermore, identifying VS-P group associated with inferior efficacy-toxicity ratio may be of clinical significance in immune-oncology. Further validation in a larger cohort is warranted. (Table Presented).
Neoadjuvant Camrelizumab Plus Platinum-Based Chemotherapy vs Chemotherapy Alone for Chinese Patients with Resectable Stage IIIA or IIIB (T3N2) Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: The TD-FOREKNOW Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance: The benefit of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy for resectable stage IIIA or IIIB non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains unknown. Objective: To assess the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy vs chemotherapy alone for patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB NSCLC. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this randomized phase 2 clinical trial conducted at 2 hospitals in China, patients aged 18 to 70 years with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB (T3N2) NSCLC were enrolled between April 7, 2020, and January 12, 2022. Interventions: Patients were randomly assigned to receive 3 cycles of camrelizumab (200 mg) plus chemotherapy (nab-paclitaxel, 130 mg/m2, and platinum [cisplatin, 75 mg/m2; carboplatin, area under the curve, 5; or nedaplatin, 100 mg/m2]) or chemotherapy alone, followed by surgery after 4 to 6 weeks. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary end point was the pathologic complete response (pCR) rate. Secondary end points included the major pathologic response (MPR) rate, objective response rate (ORR), event-free survival (EFS), and safety. Disease-free survival (DFS, defined as the time from surgery to disease recurrence or death from any cause) was analyzed post hoc. Efficacy was assessed on a modified intention-to-treat basis. Results: Ninety-four Chinese patients were randomized, and 88 (93.6%; median age, 61 years [IQR, 54-65 years]; 74 men [84.1%]) received allocated neoadjuvant treatment (43 received camrelizumab plus chemotherapy, and 45 received chemotherapy alone). Among these 88 patients, the pCR rate was 32.6% (14 of 43; 95% CI, 19.1%-48.5%) with camrelizumab plus chemotherapy vs 8.9% (4 of 45; 95% CI, 2.5%-21.2%) with chemotherapy alone (odds ratio, 4.95; 95% CI, 1.35-22.37; P =.008). The MPR rates were 65.1% (95% CI, 49.1%-79.0%) with camrelizumab plus chemotherapy and 15.6% (95% CI, 6.5%-29.5%) with chemotherapy alone. The radiographic ORRs were 72.1% (95% CI, 56.3%-84.7%) with camrelizumab plus chemotherapy and 53.3% (95% CI, 37.9%-68.3%) with chemotherapy alone. With a median follow-up of 14.1 months (IQR, 9.2-20.9 months), the median EFS and DFS were not reached in either group. The most common neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events of grade 3 or higher were decreased white blood cell count (6 of 43 [14.0%] in the camrelizumab plus chemotherapy group vs 2 of 45 [4.4%] in the chemotherapy group) and decreased neutrophil count (3 of 43 [7.0%] in the camrelizumab plus chemotherapy group vs 5 of 45 [11.1%] in the chemotherapy group). No treatment-related deaths were reported. Conclusions and Relevance: This randomized clinical trial found that among patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB (T3N2) NSCLC, camrelizumab plus chemotherapy, compared with chemotherapy alone, significantly improved the pCR rate with manageable toxic effects. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04338620.
Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in Oncogene-Positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Multicenter Study; Background: Preoperative immunotherapy has shed light on the management of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, whether neoadjuvant immunotherapy benefits patients with oncogene-positive NSCLC remains unknown. Methods: Data were retrieved from 4 institutions in the period from August 2018 to May 2021. Eligible patients were aged ≥18 years with histologically confirmed stage IIA to stage IIIB (T1-2 N1-2 or T3-4 N0-2) NSCLC that was deemed to be surgically resectable. The neoadjuvant regimen included immune checkpoint inhibitors alone or in combination with platinum-based doublets. Surgical resection was performed 4 to 6 weeks after the first day of the last cycle of treatment. The primary end point was major pathologic response (MPR; ≤10% viable tumor cells). Analyses were categorized according to the patients’ oncogene (EGFR, ALK, KRAS, MET, BRAF, ROS1, RET) status. Results: Overall, 137 patients were identified; 46 (33%) patients had nonsquamous cell cancer, and 114 (83%) had stage IIIA/B disease. Oncogene alterations were identified in 22 (16%) patients, of whom only 2 patients (2/22 [9%]) had an MPR compared with 65 (65/115 [56.5%]) in the oncogene-negative population (P < .001). Similar results were retained after propensity score matching for age, sex, smoking status, histologic type, stage, and cycles of neoadjuvant treatment. Squamous cell carcinoma (odds ratio, 2.54; 95% CI, 1.08-5.99) and positive oncogene status (odds ratio, 0.13; 95% CI, 0.03-0.64) were found to be indicators for MPR by logistic regression. The 1-year event-free survival rate was 75.4% in the oncogene-positive group, which was not significantly different from 85.5% in the oncogene-negative population (P = .23). Conclusions: Patients with stage II-III oncogene-positive NSCLCs respond less than patients with oncogene-negative NSCLCs after neoadjuvant immunotherapy.
Neoadjuvant therapy does not increase postoperative morbidity of sleeve lobectomy in locally advanced non–small cell lung cancer; Objectives: To evaluate the feasibility and safety of sleeve lobectomy after neoadjuvant therapy by assessing the postoperative morbidity. Methods: Patients who underwent sleeve lobectomy for non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) were retrospectively analyzed from January 2018 to December 2021. A total of 613 patients were enrolled, including 124 patients who received previous neoadjuvant therapy and 489 patients who did not. Propensity score matching was adopted to create a balanced cohort consisting of 97 paired cases. Patient demographics and perioperative outcomes were compared between the 2 groups, and logistic regression analysis was used to identify risk factors for postoperative complications. Results: In the entire cohort, univariable logistic regression analysis showed that smoking history (odds ratio [OR], 1.501; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.011-2.229, P =. 044), open thoracotomy (OR, 1.748; 95% CI, 1.178-2.593, P =. 006), and operation time more than 150 minutes (OR, 1.548; 95% CI, 1.029-2.328, P =. 036) were risk factors for postoperative complications, and multivariable logistic regression analysis showed open thoracotomy was an independent risk factor (OR, 1.765; 95% CI, 1.178-2.643, P =. 006). In the balanced cohort, the neoadjuvant group had a lower proportion of double-sleeve resections (3.1% vs 11.3%, P =. 035) and longer postoperative chest tube drainage (6.67 ± 3.81 vs 5.13 ± 3.74 days, P <. 001). However, no significant differences were observed in postoperative morbidity between the 2 groups (25.8% vs 24.7%, P =. 869). The complete pathologic response of chemoimmunotherapy was significantly superior to chemotherapy alone (28.2% vs 4.1%, P <. 001), and no significant differences were noted in postoperative morbidity in different neoadjuvant therapy modalities. Conclusions: After neoadjuvant therapy, sleeve lobectomy can be safely performed with no increased postoperative morbidity.
Efficacy evaluation of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer: comparison of PET/CT with postoperative pathology; Objectives: To assess the value of positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) in the efficacy evaluation of patients undergoing neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy, and to analyze its correlation with postoperative pathology. Methods: The PET/CT metabolic parameters and CT size were retrospectively analyzed before and after neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy in 67 patients with resectable stage II/IIIA non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). CT assessment based on immune response evaluation criteria in solid tumor criteria ((i)RECIST) was compared with PET/CT assessment based on the response criteria in solid tumors (PERCIST). The correlations between PET/CT metabolic parameters and postoperative pathology were analyzed. The value of PET/CT in the efficacy evaluation was assessed. Results: The PET/CT assessment showed high consistency with postoperative pathological evaluation, yet the CT assessment showed low consistency with postoperative pathological evaluation. The (i)RECIST and PERCIST criteria showed statistically significant differences (p < 0.001). The postoperative pathological response was negatively associated with ΔSUVmax (%) (r = − 0.812, p < 0.001), ΔSUVmean (%) (r = − 0.805, p < 0.001), and ΔSUVpeak (%) (r = − 0.800, p < 0.001). The cut-off values of 75.8 for ΔSUVmax (%), 67.8 for ΔSUVmean (%), and 74.6 for ΔSUVpeak (%) had the highest sensitivity and specificity. Conclusion: The PERCIST criteria are more sensitive and accurate than (i)RECIST criteria to identify more responders when evaluating the response of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for NSCLC. PET/CT shows high accuracy in predicting postoperative pathological response. Our study shows the important role PET/CT plays in the efficacy evaluation of NSCLC patients undergoing neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy, as well as in predicting the prognosis and guiding postoperative treatment. Clinical relevance statement: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy is highly effective in the treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer. And PET/CT played an important role in the efficacy evaluation following neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer. Key Points: • Neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy is highly effective in the treatment of NSCLC. • The PERCIST criteria are more sensitive and accurate than (i)RECIST criteria to identify more responders when evaluating the response of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for NSCLC. • PET/CT played an important role in the efficacy evaluation; ΔSUVmax (%), ΔSUVmean (%), and ΔSUVpeak (%) following neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for NSCLC had high consistency and strong correlations with postoperative pathology.
Adjuvant Targeted Therapy in Solid Cancers: Pioneers and New Glories; Targeted therapy (TT) has revolutionized cancer treatment, successfully applied in various settings. Adjuvant TT in resected early-stage gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and breast cancer has led to practice-changing achievements. In particular, standard treatments include BRAF inhibitors for melanoma, osimertinib for NSCLC, hormone therapy or HER2 TT for breast cancer, and imatinib for GIST. Despite the undeniable benefit derived from adjuvant TT, the optimal duration of TT and the appropriate managing of the relapse remain open questions. Furthermore, neoadjuvant TT is emerging as valuable, particularly in breast cancer, and ongoing studies evaluate TT in the perioperative setting for early-stage NSCLC. In this review, we aim to collect and describe the large amount of data available in the literature about adjuvant TT across different histologies, focusing on epidemiology, major advances, and future directions.
Stage IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Treatment and Outcomes: A Single Institution Retrospective Analysis; Purpose/Objective(s): Treatment of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains challenging, with a multitude of treatment options available for Stage III patients. We hypothesized that Stage IIIA outcomes differ by treatment received. Materials/Methods: We performed a retrospective review of NSCLC patients ≥18 years old with Stage IIIA disease treated 1/1/2010-03/01/2022. Demographics, treatment received, treatment outcomes, and failure patterns were collected. Progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were assessed using Kaplan-Meier analysis. Kruskal-Wallis ANOVA was used to compare groups. Results: Of 352 patients identified, 160 had Stage IIIA NSCLC with a median follow-up of 29.1 months. Patients had a median age of 63 years, 79 (49.4%) were male, and 137 (85.6%) were current/former smokers (with 30 median pack-years). Patients were treated as follows: 17 (11%) surgery alone (S), 91 (57%) definitive radiation ± chemotherapy (CRT), 52 (33%) neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery (Neo). 6 (12%) of the Neo group received chemoimmunotherapy, and 21 (51%) of the 41 CRT patients received adjuvant immunotherapy. Between the three groups, there were no significant differences in tumor size as measured by T-staging (p = 0.83) and baseline FEV1/FVC (p = 0.92). Median PFS was 33.5mo (95% CI 13.2-NA) for group S, 18.4mo (95% CI 12.7-42.2) for CRT, and 19.7mo (95% CI 13.9-NA) for Neo with no significant intergroup difference (p = 0.72). Median OS was 33.5mo (95% CI 13.2-NA) for S, 48.7mo (95% CI 36.0-88.9) for CRT, and 50.9mo (95% CI 41.9-NA) for Neo with no significant intergroup difference (p = 0.94). Among the 17 primary surgical patients, 11 (65%) experienced failure: 6 (35%) local, 5 (29%) regional, and 7 (41%) distant. Among the 91 CRT patients, 57 (63%) experienced failure: 40 (44%) local, 35 (38%) regional, and 28 (31%) distant. Among the 52 Neo patients, 26 (50%) experienced failure: 14 (27%) local, 15 (29%) regional, and 17 (33%) distant. There were no significant differences in rates of local failure (p = 0.26), regional failure (p = 0.59), distant failure (p = 0.79), or any failure (p = 0.41) among the three treatment groups. The most common locations for distant failure were pleural effusions (n = 15, 29%), CNS (n = 14, 27%), and bone (n = 11, 21%). Conclusion: In this single institution retrospective study, we find no significant differences in PFS, OS, and failure patterns between patients with Stage IIIA NSCLC treated with definitive (chemo)radiation and neoadjuvant therapy. Numeric improvement in PFS in surgery-only patients is consistent with expected patient selection of this group. Further work in the immunotherapy era is needed.
Plasma extracellular vesicle long RNAs predict response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy and survival in patients with non‐small cell lung cancer; Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has brought new hope for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, limited by the lack of clinically feasible markers, it is still difficult to select NSCLC patients who respond well and to predict patients’ clinical outcomes before the treatment. Before the treatment, we isolated plasma extracellular vesicles (EVs) from three cohorts (discovery, training and validation) of 78 NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy. To identify differentially-expressed EV long RNAs (exLRs), we employed RNA-seq in the discovery cohort. And we subsequently used qRT-PCR to establish and validate the predictive signature in the other two cohorts. We have identified 8 candidate exLRs from 27 top-ranked exLRs differentially expressed between responders and non-responders, and tested their expression with qRT-PCR in the training cohort. We finally identified H3C2 (P = 0.029), MALAT1 (P = 0.043) and RPS3 (P = 0.0086) significantly expressed in responders for establishing the predictive signature. Integrated with PD-L1 expression, our signature performed well in predicting immunotherapeutic responses in the training (AUC=0.892) and validation cohorts (AUC=0.747). Furthermore, our signature was proven to be a predictor for favorable prognosis of patients treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy, which demonstrates the feasibility of our signature in clinical practices (P = 0.048). Our results demonstrate that the exLR-based signature could accurately predict responses to neoadjuvant immunotherapy and prognosis in NSCLC patients.
Predictive value of DNA damage response and repair gene alterations and neoscore for neoadjuvant immunotherapies in non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Although alterations in DNA damage response and repair (DDR) genes showed the potential to predict immunotherapy benefit in advanced non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC), their predictive value for neoadjuvant immunotherapies remains to be revealed. Methods: Sixty-five patients with NSCLC (stage IB-IIIA) who were treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapies at our center between September 2020 and December 2022 were enrolled. Next-generation sequencing was utilized to determine the mutational status across a panel of 36 DDR genes. Subsequently, an eight-DDR-gene score (NeoScore) was developed by employing LASSO Cox regression followed by stepwise regression analysis, which illustrated the association between the mutational status of DDR genes and the pathological complete response (pCR) status after immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) treatment. Results: Eight DDR genes that displayed a strong correlation with pCR included ATM, ATR, BRIP1, ERCC4, FANCA, PARP1, POLE, and RAD50. A higher NeoScore demonstrated a significant association with an increased pCR rate (46% vs. 21%, p<0.01). This association between a higher NeoScore and improved pCR was observed across different drug classes, such as PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors. Moreover, the NeoScore exhibited statistical significance in predicting the benefit of major pathological response (MPR) (61% vs. 34%, p<0.01). Notably, the combination of NeoScore and tumor mutational burden (tTMB), with a cutoff of ≥10 muts/Mb, displayed even better predictive value compared to NeoScore alone. Conclusions: The NeoScore demonstrated promising and consistent predictive value for neoadjuvant immunotherapies across different drug classes. Furthermore, the combination of NeoScore and tumor mutational burden (TMB) showed improved accuracy in prediction. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
37P NET-mediated radio-resistance in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has a 5-year survival rate of 63%. Current standards of care include surgery in the form of lobectomy or resection and stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR). However, the current limitation of SABR is the moderate rates of reoccurrence in patients receiving treatment. We hypothesize that Neutrophil Extracellular Traps (NETs) may play a role in radio-resistance by decreasing T cell infiltration and activation in the tumor microenvironment. Methods: The SABR-Bridge cohort is comprised of patients eligible for surgery that instead received neoadjuvant SABR followed by surgery 3-6 months later due to the SARS-COV-2 Pandemic. This cohort provides the unique ability to analyze changes in the microenvironment in non-responders after radiation. In addition, we use an orthotopic model of NSCLC with LLC1 cells injected into the left lung of wildtype or PAD4KO mice. Mice were then irradiated on day 7 and the tumor microenvironment was characterized with spectral flow cytometry and immunofluorescence spectroscopy. Results: Result show that irradiated PAD4KO mice had significant decrease in both tumor volume and burden in comparison to controls. Further PD1+ CD8+ T cell infiltration in irradiated PAD4KO mice was significantly increased in comparison to controls. Survival analysis demonstrated that irradiated PAD4KO mice the received subsequent immonotherapy treatment had significantly better OS in comparison to wildtype controls. Conclusions: It can be concluded that NETs play a role in radio resistance through decreasing T cell infiltration in a NSCLC orthotopic setting. Further, in PAD4KO preclinical models, adjuvant immunotherapy was more effective conferring greater OS. Future implications include the use of DNase or PAD4i to potentially increase radiation induced T cell infiltration in the context of adjuvant immune checkpoint-blockade therapy (ICI) in patient settings. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: CIHR. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
RISK FACTORS AND SURVIVAL ASSOCIATED WITH LUNG CANCER RECURRENCE AFTER CURATIVE-INTENT SURGERY: BEYOND TNM STAGING; SESSION TITLE: What Is New in Cardiothoracic Surgery? SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Original Inv PRESENTED ON: 10/10/2023 12:55 pm - 01:44 pm PURPOSE: Lung cancer recurrence following curative-intent surgery remains a challenge for multi-disciplinary care teams and an important cause of mortality for patients. Recent years have seen increased interest in advancing minimally invasive surgery techniques and perioperative immunotherapy and targeted therapies to improve outcomes. Currently, TNM staging is the main determinant of long-term outcomes and candidacy for perioperative therapies. The purpose of this study was to identify risk factors beyond TNM staging associated with lung cancer recurrence as well as overall survival following recurrence. METHODS: A retrospective institutional database was used to identify patients who underwent surgery for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) and were identified as disease free in postoperative follow-up from 2005-2014. Patient characteristics, diagnostics, and operations were compared by recurrence of disease using X2 and ANOVA tests. Multivariable Cox proportional hazard models identified factors associated with disease recurrence and patient survival. Kaplan Meier analysis was performed to compare five-year overall survival rates in patients with and without disease recurrence. RESULTS: There were 1,197 patients identified who underwent surgical resection with 396 (33.1%) developing recurrence of lung cancer in follow-up. Patients who developed recurrence were older, smoked more frequently, had higher T-stage and N-stage tumors, and had higher rates of lymphovascular and visceral pleural invasion (p<0.016 for all). Modeled factors associated with recurrence included wedge resection (HR 1.36, p= 0.034), lymphovascular invasion (HR 1.55, p=0.013), and visceral pleural invasion (HR 1.43, p=0.008). Higher standardized uptake values (SUV) from preoperative PET scans were also associated with higher recurrence rates (p=0.0039). Overall five-year survival for patients without recurrence was 72.2% compared to 47.4% (p<0.001). Multivariable models showed minimally invasive modalities during the initial operation were associated with increased survival in patients who developed recurrence (HR 0.56, p=0.001) whereas squamous histology (HR 1.46, p=0.0350), bilobectomy (HR 3.26, p=0.0020) and sleeve lobectomy (HR 9.15, p=0.049) were associated with worse survival. CONCLUSIONS: Up to a third of patients experience recurrence after complete surgical resection of lung cancer. Recurrence is a common cause of increased mortality. PET SUV max, lymphovascular invasion, and visceral pleural invasion appear to be important risk factors associated with recurrence. In the case of PET SUV max, there appears to be a direct relationship between primary tumor metabolic activity and recurrence as well as overall survival. These factors add information beyond TNM staging, and may help prognosticate and potentially improve patient selection for emerging perioperative therapies or clinical trials. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The risk factors identified in this study may help direct and tailor more aggressive treatment managements for patients with higher likelihood of cancer recurrence. The increasing role of minimally invasive surgery may improve long-term survival for patients who develop recurrent disease. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Shanda Blackmon Grant Recipient relationship with Medtronic Please note: 2019-present Added 03/29/2023 by Brandon Hendriksen, source=Web Response, value=Grant/Research Support No relevant relationships by Raffaele Rocco Consultant relationship with Atricure Inc Please note: 2022 Added 03/28/2023 by Luis Tapias, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee
RISK FACTORS AND SURVIVAL ASSOCIATED WITH LUNG CANCER RECURRENCE AFTER CURATIVE-INTENT SURGERY: BEYOND TNM STAGING; Surgery is the standard treatment for stage I to IIIA NSCLC. Several randomized phase III trials of adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum-based chemotherapy have been carried out, demonstrating a significant survival gain estimated at 5 % at 5 years in stages II and IIIA. This benefit has been confirmed by two meta-analyses based on individual data. In stage I, however, the benefit of chemotherapy has only been suggested for stages IB > 4 cm. The Lung-ART/IFCT-0503 trial recently showed that adjuvant radiotherapy has no place in N2 resected tumors. Immunotherapy is taking its place in the perioperative stages. Two Phase 3 trials have shown adjuvant benefit, but have not been approved in Europe on the basis of current data. Four phase III trials Checkmate-81, Neotorch, AEGEAN and KEYNOTE-671 have shown significant benefit from combining an immune checkpoint inhibitor with chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant setting, with European approval based on the results of Checkmate-816 in patients with PD-L1 ≥ 1 %. 1877-1203/© 2023 SPLF. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
2334P Pathologic patterns following different neoadjuvant therapies in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT), immunotherapy (IT) and combination CT/IT are associated with pathologic treatment response (PTR) in NSCLC. Comparison of pathologic patterns following CT, IT or CT/IT and upfront surgical resection is lacking. Recently, neoadjuvant nivolumab (N), N+ipilumumab (NI), N+CT and NI+CT have been investigated in the NEOSTAR trial (NCT03158129). We analyzed and compared the pathologic patterns of CT, IT and CT/IT-treated NSCLC and untreated resected NSCLC (total n=139). Methods: Pathologic assessment of resected NSCLC from the NEOSTAR cohort (n=79), a CT-treated group (n=30) and an untreated group (n=30) was performed. H&amp;E-stained tumor sections were scored for parameters commonly associated with PTR: percentages of viable tumor (VT), fibrosis and necrosis and rate of major pathologic response (MPR, ≤10% VT); inflammation (INF), foamy macrophages (FM), lymphovascular invasion (LVI), cholesterol clefts (CC), giant cells (GC), non-necrotizing granulomas (NNG), and neovascularization (NV) were scored from 0-3. Values for each variable were expressed as a median, except MPR (%). Cohorts were compared with Chi-squared or Kruskal-Wallis test and post-hoc pairwise comparisons were performed. Significance was defined as a two-sided p-value <0.05. Results: NI and NI+CT were associated with significantly less VT (p=0.001, <.001) and more fibrosis (p=0.002, 0.008) than untreated tumors. MPR rates were highest in NI and NI+CT. Necrosis was higher in the CT cohort, INF in N and NI, FM in CT and NI+CT, CC in CT, and NNG in NI and N+CT. [Formula presented]. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant NI and NI+CT regimens were associated with significantly less VT and more fibrosis than untreated tumors and achieved higher rates of MPR compared to CT. Collectively, neoadjuvant IT-based treatments produced higher amounts of INF, FM, and NNG, highlighting the potential impact of dual IT on pathological tumor regression and patterns of immune-mediated features. Clinical trial identification: NCT03158129. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Bristol Myers Squibb. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
1303P Immune-modulating effects on tumor draining lymph nodes following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy combined with immunotherapy in patients with T3-4N0-1 NSCLC; Background: The addition of neoadjuvant immunotherapy to chemoradiotherapy (CRT) prior to surgical resection was investigated in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients (INCREASE trial, NTR-NL8435). Tumor-draining lymph nodes (TDLN) play a key role in the immune response against tumors and are often part of the healthy surrounding tissue exposed to radiotherapy. This study investigated the immune-modulating effects of neoadjuvant immunotherapy and CRT on TDLN in T3-4N0-1 NSCLC patients. Methods: Resected TDLN were collected from: (i) participants in the INCREASE trial who received neoadjuvant ipilimumab/nivolumab combined with CRT (n=25), and (ii) a control cohort of matched NSCLC patients treated with standard CRT induction therapy (n=25). TDLN were selected based on radiation dose received [low (<5 Gy), intermediate (20-30 Gy) or high dose (50-60 Gy)] and stained with duplex immunohistochemistry for CD8/Ki67, PD1/FOXP3 and CD8/cleaved caspase-3. Hotspot areas were then manually analyzed. Results: Higher counts of proliferating CD8 T-cells were observed within TDLN in all three categories of radiation exposure in the INCREASE cohort compared to control patients (p=<0.0001, p=0.02, p=<0.0001 for low, intermediate and high dose), as well as higher counts of activated PD-1+ Tregs (p=<0.0001 for all nodes). Furthermore, higher numbers of Ki67+ CD8 T-cells and PD-1+ Tregs were observed with increasing radiation dose (INCREASE high-dose vs low-dose, p=0.0095 for CD8 T-cells and p=0.0298 for Tregs). No relationship was observed between radiation dose exposure and the induction of apoptosis by cleaved caspase-3 in CD8 T-cells. Conclusions: Higher rates of proliferating CD8 T cells and activated PD-1+ Tregs in TDLN were seen when immunotherapy was added to induction CRT in T3-4N0-1 NSCLC patients, suggesting the enhanced priming of effector CD8 T-cells, accompanied by a simultaneous increase in Tregs. High radiation dose led to an increase of CD8 T-cells and Tregs in the INCREASE cohort. Further analyses with spatial transcriptomics and quantitative pathology imaging is needed to reveal spatial positioning of PD-1+ Tregs in relation to proliferating CD8 T-cells. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: C. Dickhoff: Financial Interests, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Research Grant: AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb. I. Bahce: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca, Roche, Pfizer, Takeda, MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca. S. Senan: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Ad boards on SCLC and NSCLC: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Panel to assess treatment toxicity: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, NSCLC presentation: Jansen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Adjudication of lung toxicity in non-metastatic lung cancer: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Advisory board: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Funded PhD studentship to study patterns of care in early-stage lung cancer: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding, Funded trials evaluating in preoperative chemo-immune-radiotherapy and in radio-immunotherapy in stage IV NSCLC: BMS; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding, Co-PI of an institutional trial evaluating a palliative radiotherapy workflow: Varian Medical Systems; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding, Co-PI of an institutional trial evaluating immune effects of ablative radiotherapy of adrenal metastases: ViewRay Inc; Non-Financial Interests, Leadership Role, Co-investigator for a phase III trial evaluating adjuvant immunotherapy in SCLC: AstraZeneca. F. Schneiders: Financial Interests, Research Grant: Viewray; Financial Interests, Other, Honoraria or consultation fees: AstraZeneca. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
1290TiP A phase II multicenter, open label, non-randomized study of neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment with IPH5201 and durvalumab in patients with resectable, early-stage (II to IIIA) non-small cell lung cancer (MATISSE); Background: Adjuvant (adj) or neoadjuvant (neoadj) immunotherapy has been recently approved for the treatment of resectable early stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), and further advances are needed. The combination of neoadj Durvalumab (D), an anti-PD-L1, combined with chemotherapy (CT) and adj D (AEGEAN) in early-stage NSCLC has recently demonstrated promising safety and efficacy. CD39 is an extracellular ectonucleotidase highly expressed in the tumor microenvironment (TME) that, sequentially with CD73, contributes to the production of adenosine (Ado), via hydrolysis of Ado triphosphate (ATP). IPH5201 is a blocking anti-CD39 monoclonal antibody that may promote antitumor immunity by accumulating immunostimulatory ATP released by CT-treated tumor cells and reducing immunosuppressive Ado levels in the TME. Moreover, IPH5201 improved the efficacy of CT+D in preclinical models. In a phase 1, IPH5201 + D was well tolerated and pharmacodynamically active. Trial design: MATISSE is a phase II multicenter (France, Poland, Greece, Hungary, USA), single arm study (NCT05742607) sponsored by Innate Pharma, evaluating IPH5201 + D + CT in treatment-naive pts with resectable (stage II to IIIA) NSCLC. Up to 70 pts will receive neoadj IPH5201 + D in addition to platinum-doublet CT for 4 cycles followed by surgery within 40 days. Pts will thereafter receive adj IPH5201+D every 4 weeks for up to 12 cycles post-surgery or until recurrence or unacceptable toxicity. The primary objectives are to assess antitumor activity of neoadj treatment based on pathological complete response (pCR) and safety. The secondary objectives are to assess efficacy in terms of event free survival, disease free survival, feasibility of receiving the planned surgery, major pathological response, objective response rate, overall survival, pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity. Assessment of exploratory biomarkers is also planned. A Safety Review Committee will conduct evaluations on an ongoing basis and two interim analyses will be performed. Clinical trial identification: IND:162253; NCT05742607; EudraCT: 2022-001903-42. Legal entity responsible for the study: Innate Pharma. Funding: Innate Pharma. Disclosure: F. Barlesi: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly Oncology, F. Hoffmann–La Roche Ltd, Novartis, Merck, Mirati, MSD, Pierre Fabre, Pfizer, Sanofi Aventis, Seattle Genetics, Takeda, AbbVie, Acea, Amgen, Eisai, Ignyta; Non-Financial Interests, Principal Investigator: AstraZeneca, BMS, Merck, Pierre Fabre, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Innate Pharma, Mirati. O. Mercier: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Board on surgical oncology (lung cancer): AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Board for CTEPH (non cancer related): MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding, Paceport Study investigator (non cancer related) Study on pulmonary hemodynamics: Edwards Lifesciences. A. Łowczak, S. Mandziuk, J. Kuzdzal, A. Dasgupta: Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Innate. A. Koutras: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pierre Fabre, AstraZeneca, Gilead, Pfizer, Genesis, MSD, BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Sanofi, Gilead; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel, Accommodations: Rafarm, Lilly, Ipsen, Gilead, Pfizer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Lilly, Pfizer, Merck; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca, Pierre Fabre, BMS, Demo, Faran, Amgen, Roche, Ipsen, Galenica, Win Medica. A.J. Leyco, P. Andre, C.L. Paturel, A. Boyer Chammard: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: Innate. R. Mager, P.G. Fraenkel: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca.
LBA56 Overall survival in the KEYNOTE-671 study of perioperative pembrolizumab for early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: At the protocol-specified first interim analysis of the phase 3 KEYNOTE-671 study of resectable early-stage NSCLC (NCT03425643), neoadjuvant pembrolizumab (pembro) + chemotherapy (chemo) followed by resection and adjuvant pembro significantly improved EFS, mPR, and pCR with an expected safety profile vs neoadjuvant chemo and resection alone. We present results of the protocol-specified second interim analysis of KEYNOTE-671. Methods: Patients (pts) with resectable stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2) NSCLC per AJCC v8 were randomized 1:1 to pembro 200 mg (n = 397) or placebo (n = 400) Q3W. Pts were to receive 4 cycles of neoadjuvant pembro or placebo plus cisplatin-based chemo and ≤13 cycles of adjuvant pembro or placebo. Dual primary endpoints are EFS (time from randomization to local progression precluding planned surgery, unresectable tumor, progression or recurrence per RECIST v1.1 by investigator assessment, or death from any cause) and OS. Results: Median time from randomization to the 10 July 2023 data cutoff was 36.6 mo (range, 18.8-62.0). With 254 (31.9%) deaths, OS was significantly improved in the pembro arm (HR 0.72 [95% CI 0.56-0.93]; P = 0.00517). Median OS was not reached (NR) (95% CI NR-NR) in the pembro arm vs 52.4 mo (95% CI 45.7-NR) in the placebo arm; 36-mo OS rates were 71.3% vs 64.0%. EFS continued to be improved in the pembro arm (HR 0.59 [95% CI 0.48-0.72]; median [95% CI] 47.2 mo [32.9-NR] vs 18.3 mo [14.8-22.1]; 36-mo rate, 54.3% vs 35.4%)...
1296P Neoadjuvant camrelizumab and apatinib in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer: One-year update from a phase II trial; Background: Our phase 2 trial was the first to report the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemo-free regimen with camrelizumab and apatinib in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), showing promising pathologic responses and manageable toxicity. Here, we aimed to report 1-year event-free survival (EFS) and updated safety data from the above trial. Methods: Treatment-naïve patients with histologically confirmed resectable stage IIA-IIIB NSCLC (stage IIIB, T3N2 only) and ECOG performance status of 0 or 1 received three cycles of camrelizumab (200 mg, i.v., q2w) and apatinib (250 mg, orally, qd, for 5 days followed by 2 days off), followed by surgery after 3-4 weeks. This analysis including EFS (a prespecified secondary endpoint) and updated safety was performed after an extended follow-up from the preliminary analysis. Results: Between November 9, 2020 and February 16, 2022, 78 patients were enrolled and treated. With a median follow-up of 19.4 months (95% CI 18.0-20.5), the median EFS was not reached (95% CI 23.2-not reached). The 6- and 12-month EFS rates were 89.4% (95% CI 79.8-94.5) and 82.3% (95% CI 71.4-89.3), respectively. The EFS rates at 6 months and 12 months in the subgroups are presented in the Table. Seventy-one (91.0%) of the 78 patients experienced at least one treatment-related adverse event (TRAE) of any grade, of which grade 3 or above TRAEs were observed in six (7.7%) patients. No new safety signal was observed. [Formula presented] Conclusions: The extended follow-up data shows continued benefits and a manageable safety profile with neoadjuvant camrelizumab and apatinib in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer. Clinical trial identification: ChiCTR2000033588. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
LBA58 Pathological response to neoadjuvant tislelizumab (TIS) plus platinum-doublet (PtDb) chemotherapy (CT) in resectable stage II-IIIA NSCLC patients (pts) in the phase III (Ph3) RATIONALE-315 trial; Background: Neoadjuvant (NA) CT with anti-PD-(L)1 mAb has shown promising pathologic response rates (ie, major pathological response [MPR], pathological complete response [pCR]) in pts with resectable NSCLC. The Ph3 RATIONALE-315 study (NCT04379635) investigated the efficacy & safety of NA TIS (anti-PD-1 mAb) or placebo (PBO) + CT, then adj TIS or PBO, in pts with resectable stage II-IIIA NSCLC. Methods: This study enrolled pts with treatment (tx)-naïve, resectable, confirmed squamous (sq) or non-sq (nsq) stage II-IIIA NSCLC who were eligible for PtDb CT, with ECOG PS ≤1 and no known EGFR mutation (nsq) or ALK gene translocation (sq & nsq). Pts stratified by histology, disease stage, and PD-L1 expression (≥1% vs <1%) were randomized (1:1) to 3-4 cycles of TIS 200 mg IV Q3W or PBO, plus PtDb CT, followed by surgery + 8 cycles of adj TIS 400 mg IV Q6W or PBO. Primary endpoints: MPR rate after completion of NA tx + EFS per RECIST v1.1 by blinded independent review committee (IRC). Key secondary endpoint: pCR rate. Results: As of 20 Feb 2023 (median follow-up: 16.8 mo), 453 pts (TIS + CT, n=226; CT, n=227) were randomized to the intention-to-treat (ITT) population and had similar baseline characteristics. Of 452 (99.8%; n=226 both arms) pts treated in the NA phase, 421 (92.9%) completed NA tx (TIS + CT, n=211 [93.4%]; CT, n=210 [92.5%]); 90 (19.9%) did not undergo surgery (TIS + CT, n=36 [15.9%]; CT, n=54 [23.8%]). Efficacy & safety data from the NA phase are summarized in the table; MPR & pCR rates were significantly improved with TIS + CT vs CT (P<0.0001). TIS + CT did not impact the feasibility of surgery. [Formula presented] Conclusions: TIS + CT showed clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in MPR and pCR rates vs PBO + CT as NA tx. The safety profile of TIS + CT was consistent with known risks of each tx and was manageable in pts with resectable stage II-IIIA NSCLC, further supporting this tx combination for these pts. Clinical trial identification: NCT04379635. Editorial acknowledgement: Medical writing support, under the direction of the authors, was provided by Apurva Davé, PhD, of Medical Expressions, an Inizio company, and was funded by BeiGene, Ltd. Legal entity responsible for the study: BeiGene, Ltd. Funding: BeiGene, Ltd. Disclosure: J. Zhang: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: BeiGene Ltd. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Germline HLA-I/II is not associated with clinical outcome but the absence of HLA-A01 or the presence of HLA-B27 supertypes were correlated with improved clinical outcome among patients with NSCLC treated with pembrolizumab in combination with chemotherapy; Background: Maximal heterozygosity on the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) loci was found to be associated with improved survival among NSCLC patients treated with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). Here we aimed to investigate the effect of germline HLA-I/-II zygosity on clinical outcomes among NSCLC patients treated with first-line pembrolizumab in combination with chemotherapy. We explored the correlation between different HLA-A/-B supertypes and clinical outcome among the same cohort. Methods: We prospectively collected pre-treatment blood from patients with NSCLC treated with first-line pembrolizumab in combination with chemotherapy. DNA was extracted from white blood cells and used for high resolution HLA-I/II typing. Genomic HLA-I/II homozygosity was correlated with clinical benefit. We used Sidney et al to classify genomic HLA-A and -B into supertypes. Results: Of 65 patients recruited, 53 complied with the inclusion criteria. Of those 76%(40/53) have PD-L1 expression of <50% of their cancer cells. Our analysis did not find any association between HLA-I/-II homozygosity and clinical outcome among patients with NSCLC treated with pembrolizumab in combination with chemotherapy. However, the absence of HLA-A01 was associated with favourable PFS (HR=2.09, 95%CI 1.03-4.27, P=0.22) and improved OS (HR=2.58, 95%CI 0.96-6.89, P=0.038). the presence of HLA-B27 was associated with improved PFS (HR=0.24, 95%CI 0.12, P=0.004) but not OS. Conclusions: The absence of association between genomic HLA-I/-II homozygosity and clinical outcome among patients with advanced NSCLC treated with pembrolizumab in combination with chemotherapy might reflect a diminished role for HLA molecules among patients with low or no PD-L1. HLA-A01 and HLA-B27 might have a role in predicting clinical outcome among this cohort of patients. Further studies are needed to explore biomarkers for this group of patients. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Higher degree by research award scheme provided by Centre for Precision Health at ECU. Disclosure: M. Millward: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BeiGene Australia Pty Ltd, Bristol Myers Squibb Australia Pty Ltd, AstraZeneca Australia Pty Ltd, The Limbic, Eli Lilly Australia Pty Ltd, IQVIA Australia Pty Ltd, Amgen Australia Pty Ltd, Merck Pte Ltd, Pfizer Australia Pty Ltd, Guardant Health, Roche Products Pty Ltd; Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment, Employee: University of Western Australia; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Linear Clinical Research; Financial Interests, Institutional, Local PI, Trial payments to Institution: Bristol Myers Squibb, Genentech/Roche, BeiGene, Eli Lilly, Albion Laboratories, Akeso Biopharma, AbbVie, Five Prime Therapeutics, Dizal Pharma, Maxinovel, Amgen, Atridia, INXMED, Alpine Immune Sciences, Turning Point Therapeutics, IMPACT Therapeutics, Kinnate Biopharma, Rely Therapeutics, GenFleet Therapeutics, Vivace Therapeutics, Eucure Biopahrma, InventisBio, Cullinan Oncology, Tyra Biosciences, Axelia Oncology; Non-Financial Interests, Other, Scientific Advisory Committee member: Thoracic Oncology Group Australasia. E.S. Gray: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Invited to present at an MSD event in Melbourne, Australia: MSD Discovery Research Symposium, 28-29th October 2019, Melbourne, Victoria. “Liquid Biopsy for Predicting and Monitoring Response to Immune Checkpoint Blockade in Metastatic Melanoma Patients”: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Invited to present on a industry sponsored session at ESMO 2022European Society of Medical Oncology, 9-13th September 2022, Paris, France. “Circulating tumour DNA in patients with advanced ovarian cancer receiving neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy”: Thermo Fisher Scientific; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Grant recipient for the following project:TCR repertoire in combination with HLA and TMB as predictor of response to immune checkpoint blockade in melanoma and lung cancer. Thermo Fisher Scientific Oncomine Clinical Research Grant. 2021. $200,000: Thermo Fisher Scientific. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
1265P Toripalimab plus chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC (RENAISSANCE study): A single-arm, phase II trial; Background: Immunotherapy has changed the treatment paradigm for patients with NSCLC. Now considerable effort is focused on how to best use immunotherapy for resectable early-stage NSCLC. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant toripalimab plus chemotherapy for resectable stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Methods: Pts with resectable stage IIB-IIIB, wildtype EGFR/ALK NSCLC were eligible. All pts received 2-4 cycles of toripalimab (240mg, q3w) plus double platinum-based chemotherapy. Surgery was planned to occur within 4-10 weeks after the completion of neoadjuvant treatment. Primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR). Secondary endpoints were complete pathological response (pCR), objective response rate (ORR), event-free survival (EFS), R0 resection rate and safety. Results: From Dec 2020 to Apr 2023, a total of 100 pts (median age: 63, range: 45-76; male: 89, 89%, smoking history: 87, 87%; squamous cell carcinoma: 76, 76%) were enrolled. Disease distribution in stage IIB, IIIA and IIIB consisted of 33, 48 and 19 pts, respectively. Among the 98 pts completed the neoadjuvant treatment and received the radiological assessment, ORR was 63.3% (62/98). 1 pts (1/98, 1.0%) achieved complete response, 61 pts (61/98, 62.3%) had partial response. 83 pts underwent resection (median interval between neoadjuvant treatment and surgery: 89 days, range: 60-153). R0 resection was achieved for 81 pts (97.6%). 52 pts (52/83, 62.7%) achieved MPR, including 37 pts (37/83, 44.6%) with pCR. 40 pts underwent surgery with cN2/N1 at baseline (40/72, 55.6%) achieved nodal downstaging. 4 pts were preparing for surgery. Surgery was cancelled for 13.0% (13/100) of pts, reasons for cancellation included poor performance status (5%), adverse events (3%), unresectability (2%), disease progression (1%), patient refusal (1%), another primary tumor (1%). TRAEs of any grade occurred in 96% (96/100) of patients. The incidence of grade 3-4 TRAEs was 37% (37/100). The most common grade 3-4 TRAEs was neutropenia (32/100, 32%). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant toripalimab plus chemotherapy resulted in promising MPR rate and manageable toxicity for patients with resectable stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Clinical trial identification: NCT04606303. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in the treatment of stage III lung squamous cell carcinoma: a retrospective cohort study; Background: Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy has been proven to be a successful therapeutic strategy for patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Nevertheless, there is a paucity of information regarding surgical feasibility and safety as well as tumor response. The present study aimed to investigate the therapeutic and surgical outcomes for patients with stage III lung squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC). Methods: Patients with stage III potentially resectable LSCC treated with neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy at The First Affiliated Hospital of Ningbo University between March 2020 and June 2022 were retrospectively included. Oncologic outcomes and intraoperative and postoperative variables were assessed. Results: A total of 17 locally advanced LSCC patients were included in the study. Patients in stages IIIA and IIIB were represented by 10 (58.8%) and 7 (41.2%) cases, respectively. A minimally invasive procedure was successfully completed in 12 out of 17 cases (70.6%). A total of 10 patients (58.8%) had standard lobectomies performed, 1 (5.9%) had a bilobectomy, 3 (17.6%) had pneumonectomies, and 1 (5.9%) had a wedge resection. A total of 7 patients (41.2%) experienced postoperative complications, and there were no 30- or 90-day mortalities. The 2-year disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) rates were 76.6% and 82.5%, respectively. The rate of major pathological response (MPR) was 70.6%. Conclusions: Lung resection after immunochemotherapy for potentially resectable stage III LSCC is feasible and safe. This treatment strategy results in a significant pathologic response and promising rates of OS at 2 years.
AEGEAN: A phase 3 trial of neoadjuvant durvalumab + chemotherapy followed by adjuvant durvalumab in patients with resectable NSCLC; Background: Recent trials have demonstrated the clinical benefit of immunotherapy in either the neoadjuvant or adjuvant resectable (R) NSCLC setting. AEGEAN (NCT03800134) is a randomized, double-blind, placebo (PBO)-controlled trial assessing neoadjuvant durvalumab (D) + chemotherapy (CT) followed by surgery (Sx) and adjuvant D in patients (pts) with R-NSCLC. Methods: Adults with treatment (Tx)-naïve R-NSCLC (stage II-IIIB[N2]; AJCC 8th ed) and ECOG PS 0/1 were randomized (1:1) to receive D 1500 mg or PBO IV + platinum-based CT (every 3 weeks [Q3W] for 4 cycles) before Sx, then further D 1500 mg or PBO IV (Q4W, up to 12 cycles). Pts were stratified by disease stage (II vs III) and PD-L1 tumor cell expression (<1% vs ≥1%, Ventana SP263). Pts with documented EGFR/ALK aberrations were excluded from the modified intent-to-treat (mITT) population for efficacy analyses. the primary endpoints were pathological complete response (pCR), evaluated centrally, and event-free survival (EFS; using RECIST v1.1), evaluated by BICR. Safety was assessed in all pts who received ≥1 study Tx dose. Results: Between Jan 2, 2019, and Apr 19, 2022, 802 pts were randomized to the ITT population (n=740 in the mITT population) of whom 799 received Tx (D arm, n=400; PBO arm, n=399). Baseline characteristics were largely balanced (mITT). Overall, 84.7% in the D arm and 87.2% in PBO arm completed 4 cycles of platinum- doublet CT and 77.6% and 76.7%, respectively, completed Sx (mITT). As of Nov 10, 2022 (data cutoff), median EFS follow-up in censored pts was 11.7 months (mITT). the pCR rate was significantly higher and EFS significantly prolonged in the D vs PBO arms (mITT) (Table). In the safety analysis set, maximum grade 3/4 any-cause AEs occurred in 42.3% vs 43.4% in the D and PBO arms, respectively, during the overall Tx period. Conclusions: The AEGEAN trial met both of its primary endpoints of improved pCR and EFS. Perioperative D plus neoadjuvant CT was associated with a manageable safety profile.
Promising efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitor plus chemotherapy for thoracic SMARCA4-deficient undifferentiated tumor; Purpose: Thoracic SMARCA4-deficient undifferentiated tumor (SD-UT) is a highly aggressive disease that is nosologically related to but distinct from SMARCA4-deficient non-small cell lung cancer (SD-NSCLC). No standard treatment guidelines were established for SD-UT. This research explored the efficacy of different treatments in SD-UT, and the prognostic, clinicopathologic and genomic difference between SD-UT and SD-NSCLC. Materials and methods: Information of 25 SD-UT and 22 SD-NSCLC patients diagnosed and treated in Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center from January, 2017 to September, 2022 was analyzed. Results: SD-UT was similar to SD-NSCLC in characteristics of onset age, male prevalence, heavy smoking history and metastatic pattern. SD-UT showed a rapid relapse pattern after radical therapy. For Stage IV SD-UT patients, immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) plus chemotherapy significantly improved median progression-free survival (PFS) compared to traditional chemotherapy as first-line treatment (26.8 vs. 2.73 months, p = 0.0437), while objective response rates of two arms were comparable (71.4% vs. 66.7%). No significant survival differences were observed between SD-UT and SD-NSCLC under similar treatment settings. SD-UT or SD-NSCLC patients receiving ICI in the first line had significantly prolonged OS than those with ICI in the latter lines or without ICI treatment throughout clinical courses. Genetic study found frequent SMARCA4, TP53 and LRP1B mutations in SD-UT. Conclusion: To the best of our knowledge, this is the largest series to date to compare the efficacy of ICI-based treatment to chemotherapy and document frequent mutations of LRP1B in SD-UT. ICI plus chemotherapy is an effective strategy for Stage IV SD-UT.
Exploring the past, present, and future of postoperative radiotherapy for N2 stage non-small cell lung cancer; Despite conventionally applied postoperative radiotherapy (PORT) in pathological N2 (pN2) stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) considering high locoregional recurrence, its survival benefit has been a continuous topic of debate. Although several randomized clinical trials have been conducted, many of them have been withdrawn or analyzed without statistical significance due to slow accrual, making it difficult to determine the efficacy of PORT. Recently, the results of large-scale randomized clinical trials have been published, which showed some improvement in disease-free survival with PORT, but finally had no impact on overall survival. Based on these results, it was expected that the debate over PORT in pN2 patients with NSCLC would come to an end. However, since pN2 patients have different clinicopathologic features, it has become more important to carefully select the patient population who will benefit from PORT. In addition, given the development of systemic treatments such as molecular-targeted therapy and immunotherapy, it is crucial to evaluate whether there is any benefit to PORT in the midst of these recent changes. Therefore, determining the optimal treatment approach for NSCLC pN2 patients remains a complex issue that requires further research and evaluation.
Neoadjuvant Versus Adjuvant Systemic Therapy for Early-Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: The Changing Landscape Due to Immunotherapy; Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. One-third of NSCLC patients present with surgically resectable, non-metastatic disease; however, many of these patients will recur despite curative surgery and adjuvant therapy. The recent publication of randomized trials incorporating immune check-point inhibitors (ICI) to the standard neo-adjuvant and adjuvant treatment regimens has reported improved survival with manageable toxicity profiles. The IMpower 010 studied the use of adjuvant atezolizumab after standard surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy. They demonstrated an improvement in 3-year disease-free survival (DFS) prompting a change in treatment guidelines. The Checkmate 816 and NADIM II studies evaluated the addition of pembrolizumab and nivolumab, respectively, to standard neo-adjuvant chemotherapy. The results from both trials showed an improvement in 2-year event-free survival (EFS) and 2-year PFS (PFS), respectively. In this review, we summarize the prior data regarding adjuvant and neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in NSCLC and elaborate on results from the newer trials incorporating ICIs. We briefly discuss the pros and cons of each treatment approach along with areas that need further clarity to inform clinical practice and future directions for research in this disease.
Survival and quality-of-life outcomes in early-stage NSCLC patients: a literature review of real-world evidence; Aim: Assess the long-term survival and quality-of-life outcomes in early-stage NSCLC (eNSCLC) patients. Methods: Review of long-term survival and quality-of-life after curative treatment in eNSCLC patients in observational studies. Results: Disease-free proportion decreased in stage III vs stage I patients. Recurrence-free proportion decreased with age and disease stage. Advanced stage and vascular invasion increased risk of late recurrence. Conditional 5-year relative survival rates did not exceed 87%, indicating higher mortality in eNSCLC survivors. Lower conditional survival rates and relative survival rates were associated with older age and advanced disease. Survivors of eNSCLC had poorer physical quality-of-life. Conclusion: Despite curative-intent therapy, survivors of eNSCLC still face significant risks of recurrence, excess mortality, and diminished quality-of-life.Plain language summary Early-stage NSCLC (eNSCLC) encompassing stage I and II, and resectable stage III disease is initially managed with curative-intent surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy to reduce the risk of recurrence. However, understanding the true curative potential and long-term outcomes is crucial for optimal clinical management. A literature review was conducted to identify observational studies describing long-term survival and quality-of-life outcomes following curative intent therapy in patients with eNSCLC. The proportion of patients who remained disease-free over time (without recurrence or death) statistically significantly decreased in patients with stage III disease compared with stage I disease. Similarly, the proportion of patients who remained recurrence-free over time decreased with increasing age and disease stage. A considerable risk of late recurrence (recurrence five or more years following resection) remained, increasing with advanced stage and tumor characteristics such as vascular invasion. Conditional 5-year relative survival rates did not exceed 87% in any study, indicating higher rates of all-cause mortality in long-term survivors of eNSCLC compared with members of the general population of the same age. Lower conditional 5-year relative survival rates, and 5 and 10-year relative survival rates were associated with older age and higher pathologic stage. Compared with the general population, survivors of eNSCLC reported significantly poorer physical quality-of-life, suggesting that symptoms persist after treatment. Overall, real-world evidence suggests that after standard curative-intent therapy, survivors of eNSCLC may not be considered fully cured, indicating a need for more effective adjuvant treatment in addition to the current standard of care.
Does major pathological response after neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in resectable nonsmall-cell lung cancers predict prognosis? A systematic review and meta-analysis; OBJECTIVE: Overall survival is the gold-standard outcome measure for phase 3 trials, but the need for a long follow-up period can delay the translation of potentially effective treatment to clinical practice. The validity of major pathological response (MPR) as a surrogate of survival for non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant immunotherapy remains unclear. METHODS: Eligibility was resectable stage I-III NSCLC and delivery of PD-1/PD-L1/CTLA-4 inhibitors prior to resection; other forms/modalities of neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapies were allowed. Statistics utilized the Mantel-Haenszel fixed-effect or random-effect model depending on the heterogeneity ( I2 ). RESULTS: Fifty-three trials (seven randomized, 29 prospective nonrandomized, 17 retrospective) were identified. The pooled rate of MPR was 53.8%. Compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy, neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy achieved higher MPR (OR 6.19, 4.39-8.74, P <0.00001). MPR was associated with improved disease-free survival/progression-free survival/event-free survival (HR 0.28, 0.10-0.79, P =0.02) and overall survival (HR 0.80, 0.72-0.88, P <0.0001). Patients with stage III (vs I/II) and PD-L1 ≥1% (vs <1%) more likely achieved MPR (OR 1.66,1.02-2.70, P =0.04; OR 2.21,1.28-3.82, P =0.004). CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this meta-analysis suggest that neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy achieved higher MPR in NSCLC patients, and increased MPR might be associated with survival benefits treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy. It appears that the MPR may serve as a surrogate endpoint of survival to evaluate neoadjuvant immunotherapy.
ISDE 2023 Congress; The proceedings contain 272 papers. The topics discussed include: prediction of pulmonary metastasis in esophageal carcinoma patients with indeterminate; using neuro-linguistic programming to improve the quality of life of esophageal cancer patients requiring neoadjuvant therapy; cytoplasmic translocation of BCLAF1 regulates Six1 mRNA stability through ythdf2 to promote aerobic glycolysis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; long-term oncologic outcomes of esophageal cancer after neoadjuvant chemoradiation and single-incision minimally invasive esophagectomy; the prediction strategy of submucosal invasion in superficial Barrett's adenocarcinoma by the combination of histology in biopsy and magnifying endoscopy; video-assisted thoracoscopic enucleation of benign schwannoma misdiagnosed as malignant lesion on f-18 FDG PET/CT in esophageal submucosal tumor; T lymphocyte subsets characteristics in different curative efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy for patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma; adjuvant immunotherapy in curative intent esophageal cancer resection patients; and impact of virtual post-operative care on esophagectomy patients during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Developments in targeted therapy & immunotherapy-how nonsmall cell lung cancer management will change in the next decade: a narrative review; Background and Objective: The adoption of targeted therapy and immunotherapy has revolutionised the treatment landscape of non-small cell lung cancer. For early staged disease, incorporation of targeted therapy and immunotherapy has recently been demonstrated to reduce recurrence. Development of targeted therapies in advanced lung cancer is driven by advanced genomic sequencing techniques, better understanding of drug resistance mechanisms, and improved drug designs. The list of targetable molecular alteration is continuously expanding, and next generation molecular therapies have shown promise in circumventing drug resistance. Lung cancer patients may achieve durable disease control with immune checkpoint inhibitors however most patients develop immunotherapy resistance. A wide spectrum of resistance mechanisms, ranging from impaired T-cell activation, presence of coinhibitory immune checkpoints, to immunosuppressive tumour microenvironment, have been proposed. A multitude of novel immunotherapy strategies are under development to target such resistance mechanisms. This review aims to provide a succinct overview in the latest development in targeted therapy and immunotherapy for NSCLC management. Methods: We searched all original papers and reviews on targeted therapy and immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) using PubMed in June 2022. Search terms included "non-small cell lung cancer", "targeted therapy", "immunotherapy", "EGFR", "ALK", "ROS1", "BRAF V600E", "MET", "RET", "KRAS", "HER2", "ERBB2", "NRG1", "immune checkpoint", "PD-1", "PD-L1", "CTLA4", "TIGIT", "VEGF", "cancer vaccine", "cellular therapy", "tumour microenvironment", "cytokine", and "gut microbiota". Key Content and Findings: We first discuss the incorporation of targeted therapy and immunotherapy in early staged NSCLC. This includes the latest clinical data that led to the approval of neoadjuvant immunotherapy, adjuvant immunotherapy and adjuvant targeted therapy for early staged NSCLC. The second section focuses on targeted therapy in metastatic NSCLC. The list of targetable alteration now includes but is not limited to EGFR, ALK, ROS1, BRAF V600E, MET exon 14 skipping, RET, KRAS G12C, HER2 and NRG1. Potential drug resistance mechanisms and novel therapeutics under development are also discussed. The third section on immunotherapy in metastatic NSCLC, covers immunotherapy that are currently approved [anti-PD-(L)1 and anti- CTLA4], and agents that are under active research (e.g., anti-TIGIT, cancer vaccine, cellular therapy, cytokine and other TME modulating agents). Conclusions: This review encompasses the latest updates in targeted therapy and immunotherapy in lung cancer management and discusses the future direction in the field.
Advances in targeted therapy and immunotherapy for esophageal cancer; Esophageal cancer (EC) is one of the most common aggressive malignant tumors in the digestive system with a severe epidemiological situation and poor prognosis. The early diagnostic rate of EC is low, and most EC patients are diagnosed at an advanced stage. Multiple multimodality treatments have gradually evolved into the main treatment for advanced EC, including surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, targeted therapy, and immunotherapy. And the emergence of targeted therapy and immunotherapy has greatly improved the survival of EC patients. This review highlights the latest advances in targeted therapy and immunotherapy for EC, discusses the efficacy and safety of relevant drugs, summarizes related important clinical trials, and tries to provide references for therapeutic strategy of EC.
Current Approaches to Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Purpose of Review: For decades, early-stage resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), while potentially curable, has been marred by unacceptably high recurrence rates. Recent Findings: Anti-PD(L)1 immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) has revolutionized the treatment of advanced NSCLC, and with recent approvals in the peri-operative space, is now poised to transform the systemic treatment paradigm for localized and locally-advanced NSCLC. Summary: In this review, we focus on neoadjuvant ICB in resectable NSCLC, highlighting the pre-clinical rationale for neoadjuvant ICB, early clinical trials, randomized phase 3 trial data, and future directions for resectable NSCLC. Graphical Abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.].
A Systematic Review of Short-Term Outcomes of Minimally Invasive Thoracoscopic Surgery for Lung Cancer after Neoadjuvant Systemic Therapy; Background: Minimally invasive surgeries for non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) such as video-assisted thoracoscopic surgeries (VATSs) and robotic-assisted thoracoscopic surgeries (RATSs) have become standard of care for patients needing surgical resection in early stages. The role for neoadjuvant systemic therapy has increased with patients receiving neoadjuvant systemic chemotherapy and immunotherapy. However, there has been some equipoise over the intraoperative and overall outcomes for these patients. Here, we review the current data regarding outcomes of patients undergoing minimally invasive thoracic surgical resection after systemic chemotherapy, immunotherapy, or both. Methods: A systematic literature review of randomized controlled trials and observational studies presenting data on patients with NSCLC that underwent neoadjuvant systemic therapy followed by minimally invasive surgery was performed assessing complications, conversion rates, and lymph node yield. Results: Our search strategy and review of references resulted in 239 publications to screen with 88 full texts assessed and 21 studies included in our final review. VATS had a statistically significant higher lymph node yield in five studies. The reported conversion rates ranged from 0 to 54%. Dense adhesions, bleeding, and difficult anatomy were the most common reported reasons for conversion to open surgeries. The most common complications between both groups were prolonged air leak, arrythmia, and pneumonia. VATS was found to have significantly fewer complications in three papers. Conclusions: The current literature supports VATS as safe and feasible for patients with NSCLC after neoadjuvant systemic treatment. Surgeons should remain prepared to convert to open surgeries in those patients with dense adhesions and bleeding risk.
Pretreatment Tumor Growth Rate and Radiological Response as Predictive Markers of Pathological Response and Survival in Patients with Resectable Lung Cancer Treated by Neoadjuvant Treatment; Introduction: Predictive biomarkers associated with pathological response, progression precluding surgery, and/or recurrence after surgery are needed for patients with resectable non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) treated by neoadjuvant treatment. We evaluated the clinical impact of the pretreatment tumor growth rate (TGR0) and radiological response for patients with resectable NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant therapies. Methods: Consecutive patients with resectable stage IB (≥4 cm) to IIIA NSCLC treated by neoadjuvant platinum-doublet chemotherapy with or without nivolumab at our tertiary center were retrospectively analyzed. TGR0 and RECIST objective responses were determined. Multivariable analyses identified independent predictors of event-free survival (EFS), overall survival (OS), and major pathological response (MPR). Results: Between November 2017 and December 2022, 32 patients (mean [SD] age, 63.8 [8.0] years) were included. At a median follow-up of 54.8 months (95% CI, 42.3–60.4 months), eleven patients (34%) experienced progression or recurrence, and twelve deaths (38%) were recorded. The TGR0 cutoff of 30%/month remained the only independent factor associated with EFS (HR = 0.04; 95% CI, 0.01–0.3; p = 0.003) and OS (HR = 0.2; 95% CI, 0.03–0.7; p = 0.01). The TGR0 cut-off had a mean time-dependent AUC of 0.83 (95% CI, 0.64–0.95) and 0.80 (95% CI, 0.62–0.97) for predicting EFS and OS, respectively. Fifteen of 26 resection cases (58%) showed MPR including nine with pathological complete responses (35%). Only the objective response of the primary tumor was associated with MPR (OR = 27.5; 95% CI, 2.6–289.1; p = 0.006). Conclusions: Assessment of TGR0 can identify patients who should benefit from neoadjuvant treatment. A tumor objective response might be a predictor of MPR after neoadjuvant treatment, which will help to adapt surgical management.
Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in Resectable Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer; Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide and is associated with poor 5-year outcomes, even among the 20% to 25% of patients who present with operable disease. Cisplatin-based adjuvant chemotherapy has long been the standard of care for patients with resected non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). With the incorporation of immunotherapy, however, the treatment paradigm for NSCLC has changed dramatically. The introduction of immune checkpoint blockade has improved clinical outcomes in multiple phase 2 and 3 trials in both the neoadjuvant and adjuvant setting, resulting in new US Food and Drug Administration approvals in the management of early-stage resectable lung cancer. This review explores the biological rationale for immune checkpoint blockade, both as monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy, in conjunction with surgical management of patients with NSCLC. It also highlights the reported clinical trial data that have led to significant advances in the management of early-stage NSCLC. Additionally, this review summarizes ongoing key studies that will provide vital data on the clinical efficacy of these treatment approaches. The outcomes of ongoing trials and the associated biomarker-focused correlative studies will be critical to furthering the mechanistic understanding of immune checkpoint blockade in early-stage NSCLC. This, in turn, will help to uncover biomarkers of response and resistance in these patients.
Immunotherapy for early-stage non-small cell lung cancer: A system review; With the addition of immunotherapy, lung cancer, one of the most common cancers with high mortality rates, has broadened the treatment landscape. Immune checkpoint inhibitors have demonstrated significant efficacy in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and are now used as the first-line therapy for metastatic disease, consolidation therapy after radiotherapy for unresectable locally advanced disease, and adjuvant therapy after surgical resection and chemotherapy for resectable disease. The use of adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy in patients with early-stage NSCLC, however, is still debatable. We will address several aspects, namely the initial efficacy of monotherapy, the efficacy of combination chemotherapy, immunotherapy-related biomarkers, adverse effects, ongoing randomized controlled trials, and current issues and future directions for immunotherapy in early-stage NSCLC will be discussed here.
Heterogeneity of PD-L1 expression among resected EGFR-mutated NSCLC and prognostic implications; Background: The predictive value of PD-L1 score to select patients for adjuvant immunotherapy among epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains controversial, confounded by the use of different assays across trials. We sought to compare the concordance between 3 PD-L1 antibodies among resected EGFRmutated NSCLC, evaluate intra-tumoral heterogeneity (ITH) and implications on survival outcomes. Methods: Tissue microarrays were constructed from patients with AJCC7 Stage IA-IIIA EGFR-mutated NSCLC who underwent surgery 1/1/201031/12/2019 at National Cancer Centre Singapore. Patients who received neoadjuvant therapy were excluded. Three1mmtumor cores per patient were obtained to study ITH, defined as discordant tumor proportion score (TPS) in ≥2/3 cores. TPS was evaluated by 3 independent pathologists for 3 PD-L1 antibodies (SP263, SP142, 22C3) and analysed in tertiles of ,1%, 1-49% and ≥50%. Median TPS score across 3 cores for each pathologist per assay was used to assess concordance between assays with Cohens kappa test, which was also used to assess agreement between pathologists. Disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) were tabulated using Kaplan-Meier method. Results: A total of 218 patients were included. Stage IA comprised 45%(99/218), IB 24%(53/218), II 17%(37/218) and IIIA 13%(29/218). Females made up 65%(142/218), never smokers 84%(183/218) and 71%(155/218) were acinar subtype adenocarcinomas. Ex19del was detected in 47%(103/218) and L858R in 39%(86/218). Distribution by PD-L1 TPS was 85%(185/ 218) vs 91%(198/218) vs 97%(212/281) for,1%, 13%(28/218) vs 8%(17/218) vs 3%(6/218) for 1- 49%, and 2%(5/218) vs 1%(3/218) vs 0% for ≥50%, using SP263, 22C3 and SP142 respectively (p,0.001). Pairwise comparison of TPS scores revealed highest concordance between SP263 and 22C3 (Kappa 0.631), followed by 22C3 and SP142 (Kappa 0.361), and SP263 and SP142 (Kappa 0.192). Agreement between pathologists was excellent across all 3 assays, with median Cohens kappa of 1 (range 0.972 1). ITH was observed in 13%(29/218), with 5 patients having differing TPS scores in all 3 cores. Discordance was highest among TPS 1-49% at 96%(27/28), followed by ≥50% at 40%(2/5) and least among ,1% at 0% (p,0.01). Compared to those with concordant TPS scores across all 3 cores, 5-year DFS (60% vs 47%, p=0.15) and 5-year OS(81%% vs 71%, p=0.043) were inferior for patients with ITH. Conclusions: Concordance of PD-L1 TPS was highest among SP263 and 22C3 and lowest for SP263 and SP142, with low inter-observer variability between pathologists. Heterogeneous PD-L1 expression within tumors was seen in 13% of patients and significantly correlated with inferior OS. Our findings support the relative interchangeability of SP263 and 22C3 among resected EGFR-mutated NSCLC but not SP142, while ITH in PD-L1 expression may represent a novel negative prognostic biomarker.
Disparities in African-American patient enrollment in pivotal phase 3 immunotherapy trials that led to FDA drug approval in patients with non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Blacks/African American have historically been underrepresented in enrollment into clinical trials. This leads to uncertainty regarding the efficacy and tolerability of treatments in this patient population following drug approval by the FDA. One of the approval criterion for the FDA is the patient population represents the diversity of patient population in the US as argued by the US FDA in the ORIENT-11 trial (NCT03607539). We abstracted the percentage of African-American into clinical enrolled into pivotal randomized phase 3 trials that led to approval of immunotherapy in advanced NSCLC. Methods: We abstracted the racial composition of randomized phase 3 trials that led to immunotherapy approval including neoadjuvant, adjuvant, consolidation/maintenance, first line and second line indication of immunotherapy in the U.S. Results: We identified a total of 20 randomized phase 3 trials that led to immunotherapy indication in NSCLC by the FDA including neoadjuvant (N = 1), adjuvant (N = 2), consolidation/maintenance (N = 1), first-line (N = 12), and second line (N = 4). We excluded 3 trials (ENPOWER-Lung01, -Lung03, and Checkmate-227) that did not report the racial composition of the patient participants. A total of 12490 subjects participated in the 17 trials analyzed. Of these, 66.3% were male and 33.7% were female. Distribution by race revealed 75.7% White (range 55.9% - 94.3%); 1.9% African-American (range 0.03% - 3.6%); 18.6% Asian (range 1.3% - 34.6%); and 3.8% (0.5% - 7.6%) were either mixed race, American Indian, Pacific Islander or unknown. Conclusions: African-Americans comprised an estimated 13.6% of the U.S. population respectively but our survey indicated only 1.9% of the trial population that led to immunotherapy approval in the US were African-Americans. The patient population in the clinical trials leading to immunotherapy regimen approval in the U.S. significantly underrepresented African-Americans and here the true efficacy of and potential unknown adverse events of immunotherapy in African-Americans may over- or under-estimated. The U.S. FDA has the power to approve immunotherapy trials that are more representative of the US population.
Molecular, clinicopathological characteristics and surgical results of resectable SMARCA4-deficient thoracic tumors; Purpose: SMARCA4-deficient thoracic tumors are rapid aggressive malignancies, often diagnosed at an advanced and inoperable stage. The value of pulmonary resection for resectable SMARCA4-deficient thoracic tumors is largely unknown. Methods: In this observational study, we included 45 patients who received surgery for stage I–III SMARCA4-deficient tumors. We compared the molecular, clinicopathological characteristics and survival between SMARCA4-dNSCLC and SMARCA4-deficient undifferentiated tumor (SMARCA4-dUT) patients. Results: Thirty-four SMARCA4-dNSCLC and 11 SMARCA4-dUT patients were included in this study. Molecular profiles were available in 33 out of 45 patients. The most common mutated gene was TP53 (21, 64%), and followed by STK11 (9, 27%), KRAS (5, 15%), FGFR1 (4, 12%) and ROS1 (4, 12%). There were 3 patients that harbored ALK mutation including 1 EML4-ALK rearrangement. There were 2 patients that harbored EGFR rare site missense mutation. SMARCA4-dUT patients had significance worse TTP (HR = 4.35 95% CI 1.77–10.71, p = 0.001) and OS (HR = 4.27, 95% CI 1.12–16.35, p = 0.022) compared to SMARCA4-dNSCLC patients. SMARCA4-dUT histologic type, stage II/III, R1/2 resection and lymphovascular invasion were independent poor prognostic predictors for both TTP and OS. There were 8 patients who received immunotherapy, the objective response rate was 50%. The SMARCA4-dNSCLC patient with ALK rearrangement was treated with crizotinib as second-line therapy, and achieved stable disease for 9.7 months. Conclusion: Patients with SMARCA4-deficient tumors have a high probability of early recurrence after surgery, except for stage I patients. Immunotherapy seems to be a valuable strategy to treat recurrence.
Neoadjuvant Camrelizumab for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Retrospective Multicenter, Real-World Study (CTONG2004); Background: Camrelizumab has shown encouraging efficacy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), either as monotherapy or combined with chemotherapy. However, evidence of neoadjuvant camrelizumab for NSCLC remains lacking. Methods: Patients with NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant camrelizumab-based therapy followed by surgery between December 2020 and September 2021 were retrospectively reviewed. Demographic and clinical data, details of neoadjuvant therapy and surgical information were retrieved. Results: In this multicenter retrospective real-world study, 96 patients were included. Ninety-five patients (99.0%) received neoadjuvant camrelizumab combined with platinum-based chemotherapy, with a median of 2 cycles (range 1–6). The median interval from the last dose to surgery was 33 days (range 13–102 days). Seventy patients (72.9%) underwent minimally invasive surgery. Lobectomy was the most frequent surgical procedure (94 [97.9%]). The median estimated intraoperative blood loss was 100 mL (range 5–1200 mL), and the median operative time was 3.0 h (range 1.5–6.5 h). The R0 resection rate was 93.8%. Twenty-one patients (21.9%) experienced postoperative complications, with the most common being cough and pain (both 6 [6.3%]). The overall response rate was 77.1% (95% CI 67.4–85.0%), and the disease control rate was 93.8% (95% CI 86.9–97.7%). Twenty-six patients (27.1%, 95% CI 18.5–37.1%) had pathological complete response. Neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events of grade ≥ 3 were reported in seven patients (7.3%), with the most frequent being abnormal liver enzymes (two [2.1%]). No treatment-related deaths were reported. Conclusion: The real-world data indicated that camrelizumab-based therapy had promising efficacy for NSCLC in the neoadjuvant setting, with manageable toxicities. Prospective studies investigating neoadjuvant camrelizumab are warranted.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy for advanced, resectable non–small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy (nIT) is a rapidly emerging paradigm for advanced resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The objectives of this PRISMA/MOOSE/PICOD-guided systematic review and meta-analysis were (1) to assess the safety and efficacy of nIT, (2) to compare the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (nCIT) versus chemotherapy alone (nCT), and (3) to explore predictors of pathologic response with nIT and their association with outcomes. Methods: Eligibility was resectable stage I–III NSCLC and the receipt of programmed death-1/programmed cell death ligand-1 (PD-L1)/cytotoxic T-lymphocyte–associated antigen-4 inhibitors before resection; other forms and modalities of neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapies were allowed. For statistical analysis, the Mantel–Haenszel fixed-effect or random-effect model was used, depending on the heterogeneity (I2). Results: Sixty-six articles met the criteria (eight randomized studies, 39 prospective nonrandomized studies, and 19 retrospective studies). The pooled pathologic complete response (pCR) rate was 28.1%. The estimated grade ≥3 toxicity rate was 18.0%. Compared with nCT, nCIT achieved higher rates of pCR (odds ratio [OR], 7.63; 95% confidence interval [CI], 4.49–12.97; p <.001), progression-free survival (PFS) (hazard ratio [HR] 0.51; 95% CI, 0.38–0.67; p <.001), and overall survival (OS) (HR, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.36–0.74; p =.0003) but yielded similar toxicity rates (OR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.67–1.52; p =.97). The results remained robust on sensitivity analysis when all retrospective publications were removed. pCR was associated with improved PFS (HR, 0.25; 0.15–0.43; p <.001) and OS (HR, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.10–0.67; p =.005). PD-L1 expressors (≥1%) were more likely to achieve a pCR (OR, 2.93; 95% CI, 1.22–7.03; p =.02). Conclusions: In patients with advanced resectable NSCLC, neoadjuvant immunotherapy was safe and efficacious. nCIT improved pathologic response rates and PFS/OS over nCT, particularly in patients who had tumors that expressed PD-L1, without increasing toxicities. Plain Language Summary: This meta-analysis of 66 studies showed that neoadjuvant immunotherapy for advanced resectable non-small cell lung cancer is safe and efficacious. Compared with chemotherapy alone, chemoimmunotherapy improved pathologic response rates and survival, particularly for patients who had tumors that expressed programmed cell death ligand-1, without increasing toxicities.
Patient Characteristics, Testing and Treatment Patterns, and Outcomes in EGFR-Mutated Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Multinational, Real-World Study; Introduction: Treatment landscape for advanced/metastatic NSCLC (aNSCLC) has evolved considerably over the past few decades with the advent of targeted therapies for epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated (EGFRm+) aNSCLC treatment. This study described real-world patient and disease characteristics, treatment and practice patterns, and clinical, economic, and patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in patients with EGFRm+ aNSCLC. Methods: Data were derived from the Adelphi NSCLC Disease Specific Programme™ (DSP™), a point-in-time survey conducted between July and December 2020. The survey included oncologists and pulmonologists, and their consulting patients (with physician-confirmed EGFRm+ aNSCLC) from nine countries: the US, Brazil, the UK, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Japan, and Taiwan. All analyses were descriptive. Results: Overall, 542 physicians reported data for 2857 patients (mean age 65.6 years), and most patients were female (56.0%), white (61.0%), and had stage IV disease at initial diagnosis (76.0%), and adenocarcinoma histology (89.0%). Most patients received EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) therapy in first- (91.0%), second- (74.0%), and third-line (67.0%). The most common tumor samples and methods for EGFR detection were EGFR-specific mutation detection tests (44.0%) and core needle biopsy (56.0%). Median time to next treatment was 14.0 (IQR 8.0–22.0) months and disease progression was the main physician-reported reason for early discontinuation. The most common physician-reported disease symptoms were cough (51.0%), fatigue (37.0%), and dyspnea (33.0%). In patients assessed for PROs, mean EQ-5D-5L index and FACT-L health utility scores were 0.71 and 83.5, respectively. On average, patients lost 10.6 h of work/week for approximately 29.2 weeks due to EGFRm+ aNSCLC. Conclusion: This real-world multinational data set showed that most patients with EGFRm+ aNSCLC were treated per the country relevant clinical guidelines, with progression as the main reason for early treatment discontinuation. For the included countries, these findings may offer a useful benchmark for decision makers to determine future allocation of healthcare resources for patients with EGFRm+ aNSCLC.
Chinese Medical Association guideline for clinical diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer (2023 edition); To standardize the prevention and clinical management of lung cancer, improve patients′ survival outcomes, and offer professional insight for clinicians, the Oncology Society of Chinese Medical Association has summoned experts from departments of pulmonary medicine, oncology, thoracic surgery, radiotherapy, imaging, and pathology to formulate the Oncology Society of Chinese Medical Association guideline for clinical diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer in China (2023 edition) through consensus meetings. Updates in this edition include 1) cancer screening: deletion of high-risk traits of lung cancer based on epidemiological investigations in the Caucasian population, while preserving features confirmed by research on the Chinese population. Advice on screening institutions is also added to raise awareness of the merits and demerits of lung cancer screening through detailed illustrations. 2) Principles of histopathologic evaluation: characteristics of four types of neuroendocrine tumors (typical carcinoid, atypical carcinoid, large cell carcinoma, and small cell carcinoma) are reviewed. 3) Surgical intervention: more options of resection are available for certain peripheral lesions based on several clinical studies (CALGB140503, JCOG0802, JCOG1211). 4) neoadjuvant / adjuvant therapy: marked improvement in the prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy are reviewed; more options for consolidation immunotherapy after radiochemotherapy have also emerged. 5) Targeted and immune therapy: tyrosine kinase inhibitors of sensitive driver mutations such as EGFR and ALK as well as rare targets such as MET exon 14 skipping, RET fusion, ROS1 fusion, and NTRK fusion have been approved, offering more treatment options for clinicians and patients. Furthermore, multiple immune checkpoint inhibitors have been granted for the treatment of NSCLC and SCLC, resulting in prolonged survival of late-stage lung cancer patients. This guideline is established based on the current availability of domestically approved medications, recommendations of international guidelines, and present clinical practice in China as well as integration of the latest medical evidence of pathology, genetic testing, immune molecular biomarker detection, and treatment methods of lung cancer in recent years, to provide recommendations for professionals in clinical oncology, radiology, laboratory, and rehabilitation.
US Food and Drug Administration Approval Summary: Nivolumab Plus Platinum-Doublet Chemotherapy for the Neoadjuvant Treatment of Patients With Resectable Non–Small-Cell Lung Cancer; PURPOSE On March 4, 2022, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved nivolumab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy for the neoadjuvant treatment of patients with resectable nonâ € "small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We discuss the FDA's review of the key data and regulatory considerations supporting this approval. PATIENTS AND METHODS The approval was based on the results of CheckMate 816, an international, multiregional, active-controlled trial that randomly assigned 358 patients with resectable NSCLC, stage IB (â ‰¥4 cm) to IIIA (N2) per the American Joint Committee on Cancer seventh staging edition to receive either nivolumab plus platinum-doublet or platinum-doublet chemotherapy alone for three cycles before planned surgical resection. The major efficacy end point that supported this approval was event-free survival (EFS). RESULTS At the first planned interim analysis (IA), the hazard ratio (HR) for EFS was 0.63 (95% CI, 0.45 to 0.87; P =.0052; statistical significance boundary =.0262) favoring the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm; the median EFS was 31.6 months (95% CI, 30.2 to not reached) in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm versus 20.8 months (95% CI, 14.0 to 26.7) in the chemotherapy-only arm. At the time of a prespecified IA for overall survival (OS), 26% of patients had died, and the HR for OS was 0.57 (95% CI, 0.38 to 0.87; P =.0079; statistical significance boundary =.0033). Eighty-three percent of patients in the nivolumab-containing arm versus 75% in the chemotherapy-only arm received definitive surgery. CONCLUSION This approval, the first for any regimen for the neoadjuvant treatment of NSCLC in the United States, was supported by a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in EFS with no evidence of detriment in OS or negative impact on patients' receipt and timing of surgery or surgical outcomes.
Integration of New Systemic Adjuvant Therapies for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer: Role of the Surgeon; Background: This review describes a new therapeutic landscape in the adjuvant treatment of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and discusses the role of the surgeon in ensuring the best outcomes within this treatment paradigm. Methods: We conducted a narrative literature review using the search terms “non-small cell lung cancer” and “adjuvant” to identify randomized Phase III trials of systemic adjuvant therapy for NSCLC through March 17, 2022. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov to identify ongoing trials of adjuvant immunotherapies and targeted therapies for NSCLC. Results: Three recent randomized Phase III trials reported significant improvements in disease-free survival with adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors or targeted therapy in patients with resectable NSCLC: IMpower010 (atezolizumab vs best supportive care; NCT02486718), KEYNOTE-091 (PEARLS) (pembrolizumab vs placebo; NCT02504372), and ADAURA (osimertinib vs placebo; NCT02511106). Numerous other Phase III trials evaluating adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies are currently underway, many of which demonstrate an evolution of trial design and end points for adjuvant therapy trials. This rapidly changing treatment landscape requires a shift in the role of the surgeon to facilitate appropriate biomarker screening for planning of the perioperative period and molecular testing of the surgical specimen to guide adjuvant therapy. Conclusions: After decades of stagnation in the management of NSCLC, recent results with immune checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies are ushering in a new era of precision medicine in the adjuvant treatment of early-stage NSCLC. Surgeons have an important role in facilitating multidisciplinary care in this rapidly evolving landscape.
Tumor immune microenvironment predicts the pathologic response of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non–small-cell lung cancer; The clinical outcome of resectable non–small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is good but varies greatly. In addition, the pathological response after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is significantly associated with survival outcomes. The aim of this retrospective study was to identify which population of patients with locally advanced and oligometastatic NSCLC has a favorable pathological response after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were enrolled between February 2018 and April 2022. Data on clinicopathological features were collected and evaluated. Multiplex immunofluorescence was performed on pre-treatment puncture specimens and surgically resected specimens. In total, 29 patients with stages III and IV locally advanced or oligometastatic NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and R0 resection were enrolled. The results showed that 55% (16/29) of patients had a major pathological response (MPR) and 41% (12/29) of patients had a complete pathological response (pCR). In the stroma area of the pre-treatment specimen, the higher infiltration of CD3+PD-L1+ tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and the lower infiltration of CD4+ and CD4+FOXP3+ TILs were more likely to appear in patients with pCR. However, in the tumor area, the higher infiltration of CD8+ TILs was more likely to appear in patients with non-MPR. In the post-treatment specimen, we found increased infiltration of CD3+CD8+, CD8+GZMB+, and CD8+CD69+ TILs and decreased infiltration of PD-1+ TILs both in the stroma and tumor areas. Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy achieved an MPR rate of 55% and induced greater immune infiltration. In addition, we observed that the baseline TILs and their spatial distribution correlate to the pathological response.
Is response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) effective in patient selection for radical resection after neoadjuvant immunotherapy with advanced NSCLC?; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy has been used to treat locally advanced non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Several systems have been developed for response evaluation. The aim of this study was to evaluate the predictive value of response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) and propose modified RECIST (mRECIST). Methods: Eligible patients received chemotherapy combined with personalized neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Radical resection was subsequently performed for potentially resectable tumors evaluated by RECIST. The resected specimens were evaluated to determine the response to neoadjuvant therapy. Results: A total of 59 patients received radical resection following neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy. According to RECIST, four patients had complete remission, 41 had partial remission, and 14 had progressive disease. Postoperative pathological examination showed 31 patients achieved complete pathological remission, and 13 achieved major pathological remission. The final pathological results were uncorrelated with RECIST assessment (p = 0.086). The ycN stage and pN stage were irrelevant (p < 0.001). When the cutoff of sum of diameters (SoD) is 17%, the Youden's index reached its highest value. A correlation was found between mRECIST and final pathological results. Patients with squamous cell lung cancer showed higher proportions in objective response (OR) (p < 0.001) and complete pathological remission (CPR) (p = 0.001). A shorter time to surgery (TTS) was correlated with a better OR (p = 0.014) and CPR (p = 0.010). The decrease in SoD was correlated with better OR (p = 0.008) and CPR (p = 0.002). Conclusions: mRECIST was effective for patient selection for radical resection after neoadjuvant immunotherapy with advanced NSCLC. Two modifications were suggested for RECIST: (1) the cutoff value was adjusted to 17% for partial remission. (2) Changes in lymph nodes on computed tomography were eliminated. A shorter TTS, a larger decrease in SoD and squamous cell lung cancer (vs. adenocarcinoma) were correlated with better pathological responses.
ESMO 2022 personal non-small lung cancer (NSCLC) highlights; In this article, we summarize our personal non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) highlights from the ESMO 2022 meeting, covering developments in early- and advanced-stage NSCLC. In early-stage disease, many studies underlined possibilities of neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment, including neoadjuvant immunotherapy combination strategies (INCREASE trial) or adjuvant targeted therapy with osimertinib in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated NSCLC (updated results of ADAURA), both promoting interesting concepts to further improve outcomes in early-stage NSCLC. In late-stage disease, results from CodeBreak200, the first randomized phase III trial investigating the selective KRAS-G12C inhibitor sotorasib, define this agent as the new standard-of-care in a molecular-defined patient population after progression on platinum-doublet and immunotherapy. The IPSOS study supports atezolizumab as preferred first-line therapy in unfit older patients.
The effect of perioperative immunonutritional support on nutritional and inflammatory status in patients undergoing lung cancer surgery: a prospective, randomized controlled study; Purpose: Nutritional status is affected in patients who undergo lung cancer surgery (LCS). This study is aimed at investigating the effects of the use of immunonutritional support in the perioperative period on nutritional and inflammatory status in patients undergoing LCS. Methods: A single-center, prospective, randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted with seventy patients planning to have LCS and randomized into treatment (TG) and control groups (CG). Immunonutritional support was given orally twice a day for ten days before the operation and five days after the operation in the treatment group. The nutritional status of the patients was screened with the Patient-Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG-SGA); the Prognostic Nutrition Index (PNI) and the Systemic Inflammation Index (SII) were calculated. The physical activity status was assessed with the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status (ECOG-PS). Results: Post-op nutritional status of the TG patients was better than the CG group (p = 0.009). Post-operative PG-SGA score was higher than preoperative PG-SGA score in both groups (p < 0.001). In the post-operative period, nutritional status (in terms of PG-SGA score category) in the patients in the TG was better than the CG (p = 0.046). In both groups, post-op ECOG score was higher than the pre-op ECOG score (p < 0.001). Post-op physical performance status was found to be better in the TG compared to the CG (p = 0.001). PNI level decreased statistically and significantly in the post-op period compared to the pre-op period, SII levels increased. Conclusion: Patients who will undergo LCS should be supported in terms of immunonutrition starting from the preoperative period.
Efficacy, Safety, and Biomarker Analysis of Neoadjuvant Camrelizumab and Apatinib in Patients With Resectable NSCLC: A Phase 2 Clinical Trial; Introduction: Camrelizumab (an anti–programmed cell death protein-1 antibody) combined with apatinib (an antiangiogenic agent) has conferred benefits for advanced NSCLC. We aimed to assess the activity and safety of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus apatinib in patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: In this phase 2 trial, patients with histologically confirmed resectable stages IIA to IIIB NSCLC (stage IIIB, T3N2 only) received intravenous camrelizumab (200 mg) every 2 weeks for three cycles and oral apatinib (250 mg) once daily for 5 days followed by 2 days off for 6 weeks. Surgery was planned 3 to 4 weeks after apatinib discontinuation. The primary end point was major pathologic response (MPR) rate, assessed in patients who received at least one dose of neoadjuvant treatment and underwent surgery. Results: Between November 9, 2020, and February 16, 2022, 78 patients were treated and 65 (83%) underwent surgery. All 65 patients achieved an R0 surgical resection. Among the 65 patients, 37 (57%, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 44%–69%) had an MPR, of whom 15 (23%, 95% CI: 14%–35%) had a pathologic complete response (pCR). Pathologic responses observed in squamous cell NSCLC were superior to adenocarcinoma (MPR: 64% versus 25%; pCR: 28% versus 0%). The radiographic objective response rate was 52% (95% CI: 40%–65%). Among all the 78 enrolled patients, 37 (47%, 95% CI: 36%–59%) had an MPR, of whom 15 (19%, 95% CI: 11%–30%) had a pCR. Four (5%) of 78 patients had grade 3 neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events. No grade 4 or 5 treatment-related adverse events occurred. Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed a significant correlation between the maximum reduction of standard uptake values and pathologic response (R = 0.619, p < 0.0001). In addition, baseline programmed death-ligand 1 expression, HOXA9 and SEPT9 methylation levels, and circulating tumor DNA status before surgery were associated with pathologic responses. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus apatinib was found to have promising activity and manageable toxicity in patients with resectable stages IIA to IIIB NSCLC, which might be a potential therapeutic option in neoadjuvant setting.
Utilization and Accuracy of Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy/Perfusion Studies in Patients Treated with Stereotactic Radiosurgery: The Baylor Scott and White Experience; Background: Differentiating cancer progression from treatment-related changes is an important aspect of follow up after treatment of brain metastases (BM). Stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) especially when used in combination with immunotherapy (ImT) and/or tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) can be associated with increased potential for treatment- related changes, that can mimic progression on routine imaging. Specialized imaging such as magnetic resonance (MR) spectroscopy and perfusion studies are valuable tools to potentially differentiate progression from treatment-related changes (Weinberg BD, et al Radiol Clin North Am 2021). Objectives: We queried the rate of MRI spectroscopy/perfusion after SRS for brain metastases and within this subset we analyzed ImT/TKI use, imaging result accuracy, and subsequent interventions. Methods: Patients age>/= 18 who underwent SRS for BM at Baylor Scott and White (BSW) between Jan 2017-Jan 2022 were analyzed using archived information from ARIA/Eclipse and EPIC EMR to collect demographic and, clinical data, radiation courses, MR spectroscopy/ perfusion studies, and subsequent interventions. Results: Our analysis included 161 patients who received SRS with a total of 231 radiation courses. 16 patients (10%) underwent>/= 1 MR spectroscopy/perfusion study; all were treated for BM with following primaries: 8 NSCLC, 3 melanoma, 2 RCC, 2 breast, 1 esophageal. Of these, further analysis was completed for 10 patients (Table 1); excluded patients had inadequate follow up (moved or died not long after MR), or ambiguous/obscure data (ex=several lesions with multiple rounds of SRS and MRs). The subset consisted of 50% males, and 100% had ImT or TKI use during the relevant course: 3 with neoadjuvant [N], concurrent [C], and adjuvant [A] use; 4 with C and A use; and 3 with A use. Of the 7 patients (70%) who had findings consistent with progressive disease on MR, 57% (N =4) were taken for surgical resection with 50% of pathology showing radiation necrosis (RN) only, indicating discordance between imaging and pathology. Remaining 30% of patients with MR findings indicating progression underwent no further local therapy (N=2) or repeat radiation was attempted. The patients with MRs that were non-specific (ruled negative for progression) or read as pseudo-progression/radiation necrosis, had no further interventions with no evidence of progression of these lesions on follow up. Conclusions: Findings suggestive of progression even after specialized imaging such as MR spectroscopy/perfusion must be both interpreted and acted upon cautiously, especially in the setting of more frequent use of SRS and ImT/TKI, as our retrospective study reveals 50% discordance between imaging and pathology results.
KEYNOTE-671: Randomized, double-blind, phase 3 study of pembrolizumab or placebo plus platinum-based chemotherapy followed by resection and pembrolizumab or placebo for early stage NSCLC; Background: In patients (pts) with NSCLC, pembrolizumab (pembro) has shown efficacy as monotherapy in the adjuvant (adj) and advanced settings and in combination with chemotherapy(chemo) in metastatic disease. KEYNOTE-671 (NCT03425643), evaluated the addition of pembro to platinumbased chemo as neoadjuvant therapy followed by resection and pembro vs placebo as adj therapy in patients with early stage NSCLC. Methods: Eligible pts with stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2) resectable NSCLC per AJCC v8 and ECOG PS 0-1 were randomized 1:1 to 4 cycles of pembro 200 mg or placebo + cisplatin based chemo followed by surgery and adj pembro or placebo for up to an additional 13 cycles. Stratification factors were stage (II vs III), PD-L1 TPS (,50% vs $50%), histology (squamous vs nonsquamous), and region (east Asia vs not east Asia). Dual primary end points were EFS (time from randomization to local progression precluding planned surgery, unresectable tumor, progression or recurrence per RECIST 1.1 by investigator assessement, or death) and OS (time from randomization to all-cause death) in the ITT population. Secondary end points included mPR (#10% viable tumor cells in resected primary tumor and lymph nodes) and pCR (ypT0/Tis ypN0) by blinded independent pathology review, and safety. Results: 797 pts were randomized to pembro (n=397) or placebo (n=400). As of July 29, 2022, data cutoff, median follow-up was 25.2 month (range, 7.5-50.6). Baseline characteristics were balanced between arms. EFS was significantly improved with pembro + chemo followed by resection and adj pembro over placebo + chemo followed by resection and adj placebo (HR 0.58 (95% CI, 0.46-0.72); P,0.00001). Median EFS was not reached (NR) (95% CI, 34.1-NR) with pembro and was 17 mo (95% CI, 14.3-22) with placebo (2-year EFS rate, 62.4% vs 40.6%). With only 177 events, the significance boundary for OS was not crossed (HR 0.73 (95% CI, 0.54-0.99); P=0.02124). In the pembro arm 80.6% underwent definitive surgery compared to 75.5% in the placebo arm, of these 92% and 84% had an R0 resection, respectively. The mPR and pCR rates were 30.2% vs 11% (difference: 19.2% (95% CI: 13.9, 24.7); p,0.00001) and 18.1% vs 4% (difference: 14.2% (95% CI: 10.1, 18.7); P,0.00001) in the pembro vs placebo arms, respectively. Treatmentrelated (TR) Grade $3 AEs occurred in 44.9% of pts in the pembro arm vs 37.3% in the placebo arm; TRAEs led to discontinuation of all treatment in 12.6% vs 5.3% and death in 1% vs. 0.8%; immunemediated AEs of any grade occurred in 25.3% vs 10.5%. Conclusions: Pembro + chemo followed by resection and adjuvant pembro provided a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in EFS, pCR and mPR in pts with resectable stage II, IIIA, and IIIB (N2) NSCLC. The safety profile of pembro was as expected. OS will be tested at future analyses according to the statistical plan.
NeoCOAST-2: A phase 2 study of neoadjuvant durvalumab plus novel immunotherapies (IO) and chemotherapy (CT) or MEDI5752 (volrustomig) plus CT, followed by surgery and adjuvant durvalumab plus novel IO or volrustomig alone in patients with resectable nonsmall- cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant platinum-based CT plus IO prolongs event-free survival (EFS) and increases pathological complete response (pCR) rate in patients with resectable NSCLC vs CT alone (Forde et al. N Engl J Med 2022). IO+IO+CT combinations have the potential to further improve pCR and survival outcomes. The phase 2 NeoCOAST-2 study (NCT05061550) is evaluating multiple neoadjuvant IO+IO+CT combinations in patients with resectable, early stage NSCLC. Novel IO molecules being evaluated include the anti-CD73 monoclonal antibody (mAb), oleclumab; the anti-NKG2A mAb, monalizumab; and the PD-1/CTLA-4 bispecific mAb, volrustomig. The latter recently demonstrated durable responses vs a PD-1 inhibitor plus CT as first-line treatment for patients with metastatic NSCLC (ESMO 2022; LBA56). Here we describe the NeoCOAST-2 study design. Methods: This randomized, open-label, multicenter study will enrol approximately 210 patients with previously untreated, histologically/cytologically confirmed, resectable Stage IIA-IIIB (AJCC 8th edition) NSCLC. Patients will be stratified by PD-L1 expression (< 1% vs ≥1%) and receive treatment with durvalumab + oleclumab + CT, durvalumab + monalizumab + CT, or volrustomig + CT every 3 weeks for 4 cycles prior to surgery, followed by adjuvant durvalumab + oleclumab, durvalumab + monalizumab, or volrustomig for up to 1 year or until disease progression per RECIST v1.1. Surgery should occur within 40 days after the last dose of neoadjuvant therapy and adjuvant therapy should commence within 10 weeks after surgery. The primary endpoints are pCR rate (per blinded independent pathologist review) and safety and tolerability. Secondary endpoints include investigator-assessed EFS, disease-free survival and overall survival, feasibility to surgery, major pathological response rate, objective response rate following neoadjuvant therapy, pharmacokinetics, immunogenicity, and changes in circulating tumor DNA. The study is currently recruiting patients across the US, Europe, Canada, and Asia.
Stereotactic body radiation therapy with sequential immunochemotherapy as neoadjuvant therapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (SACTION-01 study); Background: Neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy increases pathological response for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) compared with chemotherapy alone. Previous phase II trial indicated that stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) served as an immunomodulator and enhanced the effect of preoperative immuno-monotherapy. However, whether SBRT would further increase the efficacy of immunochemotherapy for NSCLC remains unknown. Methods: In this phase II trial, patients with resectable EGFR wild-type stage IIA to IIIB NSCLC were recruited to receive SBRT (24 Gy in 3 daily fractions) to the primary tumor followed by two cycles of PD-1 inhibitor tislelizumab (200 mg) plus platinum-based doublet chemotherapy (Q3W) before surgical resection. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR) defined as no more than 10% of viable tumor cells in the specimen. Simon's optimal two-stage design was used for conducting the trial. The null hypothesis was that the MPRrate is 0.30, and the alternative hypothesis was that the trueMPR rate was 0.50. More than 4 MPRs were needed in stage 1 (n=15) to continue, and if there were 19 or more MPRs in 46 patients by the end of stage 2, the null hypothesis can be rejected. The design controls the type I error rate at 0.05 and yields the power of 0.80. (NCT05319574). Results: Between May 2022 and Jan 2023, 32 patients were enrolled with 31 (96.9%) male and 19 (59.4%) having squamous cell lung cancer. Twenty-six (81.3%) patients had stage IIIA/B disease. All patients received at least one cycle of immunochemotherapy; 23 of the 25 patients (92.0%) who completed treatment had undergone R0 resections, except for one patient who had disease progression and the other one that unable to tolerate surgery because of grade 4 neutropenia. Twenty-two patients underwent minimally invasive approaches and 3 of them (13.6%) converted to thoracotomy. The median percentage of the viable tumor was 0 (interquartile range: 0-4.0%). Twenty patients achieved MPR, which surpassed the prespecified required number to reject the null hypothesis, resulting in the MPR rate of 80.0% (20/25) in the intention-to-treat population, and 87.0% (20/23) in the per-protocol population. Pathological complete response (pCR) was found in 14 patients (56.0% in the intention-to-treat population and 60.9% in the per-protocol population). Nodal clearance status (pN0) was found in 20 of 23 cN1/2 cases (87.0%). Grade 3-4 adverse events related to neoadjuvant treatment included neutropenia (13.0%), anemia (4.3%), and pneumonia (4.3%). No 30-day or 90-day mortality was observed. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant SBRT followed by immunochemotherapy yields unprecedently high MPR and pCR rates in NSCLC without EGFR mutation. The trial will continue to recruit 14 more patients to reach a final sample size of 46 participants.
SAKK 16/18: Immune-modulatory radiotherapy to enhance the effects of neoadjuvant PDL1 blockade after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with resectable stage III (N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)-A multicenter phase II trial; Background: Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy has become a new standard of care in locally advanced, resectable NSCLC. The SAKK 16/14 trial demonstrated a major improvement in pathological response (pCR), major pathological remission (MPR) and event-free survival (EFS) with the addition of perioperative durvalumab after standard induction chemotherapy (ChT) with cisplatin and docetaxel. Based on data suggesting a potential enhancement of immunotherapy efficacy, the ongoing SAKK 16/18 trial investigates the addition of immune-modulatory radiotherapy (RT) given concurrently with neoadjuvant durvalumab. Methods: In this non-comparative randomized phase II trial patients (pts) with resectable stage IIIA-B(N2) (cT1-3 or T4 due to size N2 M0) NSCLC receive 3 cycles of cisplatin 100mg/m2 and docetaxel 85mg/m2 followed by durvalumab (1500mg) and one of three randomized RT regimens before tumor resection and adjuvant durvalumab for 1 year. RT is delivered to the primary tumor only, using either 20x2 Gy, 5x5 Gy, or 3x8 Gy (deliverd inhomogenously). RT planning is optimized for strict organ at risk and mediastinal lymph node sparing. The primary endpoint is 1-year EFS. We report a preplanned interim analysis of the secondary endpoints safety, surgical outcomes and pathological response after surgery in 25 pts. Results: At data cut-off on Oct 8, 2022, 25 pts had reached post-operative day 30 and a total of 31 pts were included in the safety analysis. Thirty pts (97%) had at least one treatment related adverse events (TRAE). Eighty-eight % were attributed to neoadjuvant ChT (16% G3-4), 4%each to neoadjuvant durvalumab (1% G3) and RT (1% G4), and 8% to surgery (35% G3-4). One fatal TRAE occurred in a pt with COVID-pneumonia during neoadjuvant ChT. No difference in safety was seen between the three RT arms. There was no treatment-related cancellation or delay in surgery and 0% 30-day postoperative mortality. Eighty-one%of pts underwent tumor resection (96% R0). Non-resection was due to death (n = 1), progressive disease (n = 3), or unresectable tumor (n = 2). The pCR-rate was 28%, andMPR (≤10% viable tumor cells) was detected in 76% of all specimens. Details of pathological responses with regard to immune-modulatory RT regimen will be presented at the meeting. Conclusions: The preplanned interim safety analysis of the SAKK 16/18 trial did not show a relevant increase in TRAE due to immune-modulatory RT. Surgical feasibility and safety are confirmed and the trial continues enrolment to a planned total of 90 pts (30 per RT arm). Preliminary pathological responses are promising, and exploratory analyses will study potential differences between the RT regimens, in order to better understand the potential role of immune-modulatory RT in the multimodal treatment of resectable stage III(N2) NSCLC.
Association of circulating CD103+ T cells with major pathological response in a randomized phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant durvalumab with or without stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer; Background: We previously reported results of a randomized phase 2 study, demonstrating a higher rate of major pathological response to durvalumab in combination with stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) compared to durvalumab alone in patients with localized (stage I-IIIA) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Biomarkers of response in NSCLC are poorly understood. To address this, we evaluated sequentially collected peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from study participants to identify easily accessible biomarkers associated with major pathological responses. Methods: PBMCs were obtained from study participants at defined pre-treatment, peri-operative, and post-operative timepoints. We performed 25-marker spectral flow cytometric analysis of the T cell compartment in these samples and used dimensionality reduction and clustering programs to identify populations of interest. Results: Our analysis of these samples revealed populations of both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells with hallmarks of prior antigen exposure and tissue residency (CD103+, CCR7-, CD45RA-), suggesting tumor-experienced T cells circulating into the blood. Greater pre-treatment frequency of these T cell populations was associated with major pathological responses to neoadjuvant therapy. This observation was consistent when evaluating patients with major pathological responses across both treatment arms, and within the durvalumab plus SBRT group, where we had enough patients with major pathological responses. Maturation of disease-free survival data from this trial will enable us to evaluate the association of these biomarkers with long-term survival. Conclusions: Together, these data reveal an unexpected population of T cells in the peripheral blood with features of tissue-residency, which are associated with major pathological responses, and suggest that re-circulation of tumor-experienced T cells may represent a predictive biomarker for neoadjuvant treatment of NSCLC.
Association of peripheral memory B cell population maintenance and long term survival after perioperative chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC (NADIM trial); Background: In the context of perioperative immunotherapy, it is crucial to personalize adjuvant treatment, identifying which patients should or should not receive post-surgical immunotherapy. Here we describe the changes in B cell peripheral blood immunophenotype during perioperative immunotherapy and its potential to predict disease progression in patients from NADIM I clinical trial (NCT03081689). Methods: Blood samples from 42 patients were obtained at pre-, postneoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (pre-surgery) and at 6 and 12 months of adjuvant IO. Peripheral mononuclear cells were stained with CD19, CD20, CD38, CD24, CD27, CD25, CD10 antibody panel and analyzed by flow cytometry using FlowJo. Statistical analysis in paired samples was performed with Wilcoxon test and differences in parameters' fold changes between disease status groups (Progressionfree at 34.2 months) were determined by Mann-Whitney U tests. Variables cutoffs were stablished using ROC curve analysis. Progression-free survival (PFS) was evaluated using Kaplan-Meier curves and long-rank test. The median follow-up was 38.0 months. Results: Regarding the impact of NADIM complete treatment scheme in patient's B cells, there was a reduction of memory B cells (CD19+CD20+CD38-CD24+CD27+; p<0.001) and CD20 levels in total B cells (CD19+CD20+; p = 0.001) (n = 17). Importantly, this decrease occurs in all patients regardless their pathological response or disease progression. However, the magnitude of the memory B cell percentage and CD20 levels reduction was significantly more pronounced in patients whose disease progress thereafter (p = 0.023, p = 0.052 at 6 and 12 months for memory B cells; and p = 0.002, p = 0.009 at 6 and 12 months for CD20 expression). Patients with a relative drop of memory B cells greater than 90% at 6 or 12 months, showed a shorter PFS (p = 0.028, p = 0.007). Likewise, patients with a relative decrease of CD20 expression on B cells higher than 60% at 6 or 12 months had shorter PFS (p = 0.016, p<0.001). The AUC ROCs to identify patients with disease progression, were 0.824 and 0.885 at 6 and 12 months for memory B cells; and 0.912 and 0.981 at 6 and 12 months for CD20 levels. Moreover, memory B cells percentage and CD20 levels decrease occur between surgery and the first 6 months of adjuvant therapy (n = 21, p<0.001, p = 0.025). After that, these levels are maintained from 6 to 12 months of adjuvant treatment (n = 20, p = 0.290, p = 0.682), thus the overall reduction is also observed between surgery and 12 months samples (n = 17, p<0.001, p = 0.001). Conclusions: Perioperative IO produces a significant reduction in memory B cells and CD20 levels. Importantly, stronger decreases might be helpful to predict progression since they are associated to shorter PFS, indicating that the maintenance of the memory B cell peripheral compartment is relevant for long-term survival of these patients.
Stereotactic ablative radiotherapy with nivolumab for early-stage operable non-small cell lung cancer: A phase 2 study; Background: Surgery is standard of care for patients with stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, 5-year mortality can reach up to 30%. For patients with contraindication to surgery, treatment with stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) leads to adequate local tumor control, but has a high rate of regional and distant failure. SABR as neoadjuvant therapy for stage I NSCLC produced a pathologic complete response (pCR) rate of only 60% when surgery was performed after 10 weeks of treatment, demanding improvement in the management of both operable and inoperable early-stage NSCLC. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) are routinely used in stages III-IV NSCLC, with recent approvals in the peri-operative setting, and may be synergistic with radiotherapy. We hypothesized that neoadjuvant nivolumab plus SABR may improve pCR rate and provide insight to its changes in the tumor microenvironment. Methods: This is a phase 2, single arm, open label study evaluating neoadjuvant treatment for patients with NSCLC of up to 4 cm, with no lymph node involvement (AJCC 8th edition: up to cT2aN0), and adequate surgical conditions. Treatment consisted of nivolumab 360 mg every 3 weeks for 3 doses or unacceptable toxicity. SABR started on D1 of nivolumab, with a duration of 2 to 3 weeks, depending on the lesion size and location (3 x 18 Gy; or 5 x 10 Gy; or 8 x 7.5 Gy). Standard-ofcare surgery was performed at 10 (+- 2) weeks after the last radiotherapy dose. The primary endpoint of the study is pCR rate at surgery. Tissue, blood, and stool samples were collected during treatment. Results: We included 25 patients. All but one were cared for in the Brazilian public system. Mean age was 68 years. Mean tumor size was 2.45 cm. Only 3 patients were never-smokers. Surgery was performed as scheduled in all but one patient. pCR rate was 80% (19/24) and MPR rate was 83% (20/ 24) of patients who underwent surgery. Twenty-nine treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 13 patients (23 grade 1-2 events, two grade 3 and two grade 5 events, being only one grade 3 diarrhea related to experimental treatment). The single patient who was not operated died during study treatment from relapsed acute alcoholic hepatitis. The other grade 5 event was due to a respiratory infection, both unrelated to treatment. Two patients died from surgical complications 185 and 72 days after surgery, respectively (one with pulmonary artery lesion with subsequent clinical complications and other with thromboembolic events), deemed unrelated to experimental treatment. During follow-up, two additional patients died due to comorbidities, and none relapsed to date. Conclusions: In this trial with patients with significant comorbidities and smoking history from the public system in Brazil, we demonstrated a pCR rate of 80% with SABR + nivolumab. Further studies are warranted to evaluate this strategy versus surgery in operable patients with stage I disease.
Surgical outcomes of patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy with nivolumab plus relatlimab or nivolumab: Findings from the prospective, randomized, multicentric phase II study NEOpredict-Lung; Background: Feasibility of surgical resection for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after preoperative immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy (PICIT) with PD-1/PD-L1 and CTLA-4 inhibitors has been established. This study reports the first data on surgery after preoperative LAG-3 inhibition in NSCLC patients. Methods: Patients with histologically confirmed NSCLC stage IB, II or IIIA (UICC 8th edition) were randomized to receive two preoperative doses (q14d) of nivolumab (240 mg, arm A), or nivolumab (240 mg) plus relatlimab (80 mg, arm B). Primary study endpoint was the number of patients undergoing curatively intended surgery within 43 days of initiation of PICIT. Surgery was performed following the institutional standards. Outcomes and perioperative events were prospectively recorded. Results: 60 patients (29 female) were randomized 1:1 from 4/2020 to 7/2022. All patients were operated within 43 days after initiation of PICIT. Median age in arm A was 65 (43-78) years and 67 (44- 81) years in arm B. Clinical UICC stages were similar between both arms. Central tumor location was present in 50% in arm A and 45% in arm B. R0 resection was achieved in 57 patients (95% ITT population, 98,3% curatively resected population). Two patients had pleural carcinosis only detected at surgery, and 1 patient had R1 resection. Resection was performed by lobectomy (n=23 and 24), bilobectomy (2 and 1), sleeve lobectomy (5 and 4) and combined lobectomy+segmentectomy (0 and 1). Surgical approach was either by videothoracoscopy (n=60% and 63,3%) or thoracotomy (n=40% and 36,6%). Conversion was required in 3 vs. 2 patients. Median operation time was 149 (77-234) and 165 (61-205) minutes. Median number of resected lymph nodes was 15 (3-52) and 10 (3-50). Intraoperative bleeding from the pulmonary artery was observed in 1 patient in each arm and was managed without sequelae. Postoperative complications occurred in 33,3% and 26,6%. Median hospital stay was 7 (2-22) and 5,5 (2-24) days. Complete or major histopathological response was observed in 27% and 30%. Overall perioperative 30-day mortality was 0%. No negative impact on adjuvant therapy was observed. The 12 months OS rate across both arms was 96% (95% Cl: 83-99%), the DFS rate was 91 % (78-97%). Conclusions: Curative surgical resection following neoadjuvant combined PD-1/LAG-3 inhibition was equally safe and feasible as after PD-1 inhibition alone. Perioperative course, complications rate and outcome are comparable to other neoadjuvant regimens. Standard adjuvant therapies can be safely administered in this setting.
Perioperative toripalimab + platinum-doublet chemotherapy vs chemotherapy in resectable stage II/III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Interim event-free survival (EFS) analysis of the phase III NEOTORCH study; Background: Adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy have been approved by US FDA to treat earlystage NSCLC. However, the optimal neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment, including duration of treatment, are unknown. We present the interim results of a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled, Phase III trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of perioperative toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by toripalimab maintenance vs chemotherapy in resectable stage III NSCLC. Methods: Patients with stage II/III resectable NSCLC, without EGFR/ALK alterations for non-squamous NSCLC, were randomized 1:1 to receive 240 mg toripalimab or placebo combined with chemotherapy Q3W for 3 cycles before surgery and one cycle after surgery, followed by toripalimab or placebo monotherapy Q3W for 13 cycles. Stratification variables for randomization included disease stage, histopathologic subtype, PD-L1 expression and surgical procedure. Primary endpoints were EFS by investigator and major pathological response (MPR) rate by a blinded independent pathologic review (BIPR) in the stage III and the ITT populations. Secondary endpoints included overall survival (OS), pathologic complete response (pCR) rate, EFS by independent review committee (IRC), and safety. A planned interim analysis was performed on the primary endpoint of EFS in the stage III subjects. Results: A total of 404 stage III NSCLC patients were randomized to toripalimab (n=202) or placebo (n=202). By the data cutoff date (November 30, 2022), the median follow-up was 18.3 months. Baseline characteristics were well balanced between the two arms. EFS was significantly improved in the toripalimab arm, HR=0.40, 95% CI (0.277-0.565), P<0.0001, and crossed the pre-specified efficacy boundary. The median EFS was not reached in the toripalimab arm and 15.1 months in the placebo arm. A consistent effect on EFS, favoring toripalimab, was observed in all subgroups. The MPR and pCR rates per BIPR were also higher in the toripalimab arm, 48.5% vs 8.4% and 24.8% vs 1.0%, respectively. The OS results showed a trend favoring toripalimab. The incidence of Grade ≥3 adverse events (AEs) (63.4% vs 54.0%), fatal AEs related to toripalimab/placebo (0.5% vs 0%) and AEs leading to discontinuation of toripalimab/placebo (9.4% vs 7.4%) were comparable between the two arms. However, the incidence of immune-related AEs (42.1% vs 22.8%) was more frequent in the toripalimab arm. Conclusions: The addition of toripalimab to perioperative chemotherapy showed statistically significant improvements in EFS for stage III NSCLC patients with a manageable safety profile. Patients will be followed for overall survival.
A real-world analysis of nonmetastatic non-small-cell lung cancer in Italy; Background: The majority of all lung cancer cases are represented by non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), for which the standard of care is surgical resection. Chemotherapy, radiotherapy and immunotherapy are the most important perioperative systemic treatments. This study aimed to identify newly NSCLC diagnosed, non-metastatic (i.e., stages I-III) and resected patients, and characterize them from the perspective of the Italian National Health Service (INHS). Methods: From the Fondazione ReS (Ricerca e Salute) database (∼5 million inhabitants/year), in 2017 (accrual period), patients with a new in-hospital diagnosis of NSCLC (i.e., excluding those diagnosed back up to 2013), at stage I-III (i.e., excluding those with distant metastases at the first diagnosis and/or within 60 following days), and resected (i.e., with ≥1 in-hospital surgery within 6 months from the first diagnosis), were identified. The cohort was characterized by age, sex and comorbidities. The dispensation of neoadjuvant therapy (≥1 radio and/or chemotherapy session) between the first diagnosis and surgery was analyzed. Within 2 years after surgery, overall survival-OS and progression free survival-PFS (Kaplan Meier analyses), and healthcare integrated costs charged to the INHS (pharmaceuticals, hospitalizations, specialist/ outpatient services) were described. Results: In 2017, of 2440 (incidence 52.1 x100,000) newly NSCLC diagnosed patients, 1605 were defined with stage I-III. Of these, 467 (29.1%) underwent surgery. They were mainly males (74.3%) and on average aged 69610. Arterial hypertension (64.7%), chronic lung diseases (46.7%) and dyslipidaemia (36.0%) were the most frequent comorbidities. Lung lobectomy (highest mean length of in-hospital stay: 11 days) was the most common surgery (296/467; 63.4%). Before surgery, 48/467 patients (10.3%) received neoadjuvant therapy. During the 2nd year after surgery, 418/467 patients (89.5%) were analysable. At 2 years after surgery, OS was 81.6% and increased with age, while PFS was 59.8%. On average: within 1 year, the INHS spent € 20,942 per capita (hospitalizations - including first hospitalization - accounted for 56.3%, and pharmaceuticals for 35% of the total cost); within the 2nd year, the INHS expenditure was € 9,851 per capita (pharmaceuticals weighed 65.8% of the overall cost, and hospitalizations 19.8%). Conclusions: Italian administrative healthcare data can identify and describe newly NSCLC diagnosed patients with stage IIII and resected, quantify their burden on the INHS and show a substantial survival benefit.
Pembrolizumab and ramucirumab neoadjuvant therapy for PD-L1-positive stage IB-IIIA lung cancer (EAST ENERGY); Background: Neoadjuvant treatments for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) using novel combination therapies are being developed. Angiogenesis inhibitors have been reported to modify tumor immunity, and the efficacy and safety of treatments added to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have been investigated in advanced NSCLC. In this multi-institutional phase II study, we evaluated the efficacy and feasibility of neoadjuvant therapy with pembrolizumab and ramucirumab, a direct vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor-2 antagonist, followed by surgery, in patients with PD-L1 positive, clinical stage IB-IIIA NSCLC. Methods: Patients (aged ≥20) with pathologically proven NSCLC harboring PD-L1 expression ≥1% (22C3), resectable clinical stage IB-IIIA NSCLC, and performance status of 0 to 1 were eligible. Patients received two cycles of pembrolizumab (200 mg/ body) and ramucirumab (10 mg/kg) every three weeks. Surgery was scheduled 4-8 weeks after the last dose. The primary endpoint was to determine the major pathologic response (MPR) rate. The sample size was calculated based on the exact binomial distribution, considering a thresholdMPR rate of 20%, an expected MPR rate of 45%, a one-side alpha of 5%, and a desired power of 80%. Results: A total of 24 eligible patients, with a median age of 75 years (range 50-78), were enrolled between July 2019 and April 2022; 18 patients were male. The histological subtype was adenocarcinoma in 12 patients, and the clinical stage was IB, IIA, IIB, and IIIA in 1, 4, 9, and 10 patients, respectively. PD-L1 was≥50% in nine patients (37.5%). The MPR rate by the blinded independent central review of three pathologists was 50.0% (90% confidence interval, 31.9-68.1%); therefore, the primary endpoint was met. Six of the 12 patients who achieved MPR showed pathological complete response. One patient developed pneumonia before neoadjuvant treatment and one patient showed progressed disease after neoadjuvant treatment. Grade 3 adverse events (AEs) occurred in nine of 24 patients (37.5%) during the protocol treatment. Postoperative complications of grade 3 AEs, including postoperative hematoma, pulmonary fistula, and intraoperative arterial injury, were observed in three patients. Immune-related AEs related to protocol treatment were thyroid dysfunction, acute tubulointerstitial nephritis, and hepatic dysfunction in three, two, and two patients, respectively; however, no grade 3 or high AEs were observed. Twenty-one patients achieved R0 resection and one patient underwent R1 resection. There were no wound-healing adverse events of concern due to the anti-VEGF action of ramucirumab. Conclusions: The results of this study demonstrated that this new neoadjuvant combination of ICI and anti-VEGF agent (pembrolizumab and ramucirumab) is feasible and showed encouraging results.
Phase II trial of safety and efficacy of tislelizumab plus chemotherapy in stage II-IV non small cell lung cancer (LungMark); Background: The current study aimed to investigate the safety and efficacy of chemotherapy with PD-1 inhibitor, tislelizumab, for stage II-IV NSCLC. Meanwhile to explore the potential biomarkers for safety and efficacy of tislelizumab plus chemotherapy in NSCLC. Methods: This was an open-label, multicenter, phase 2 trial conducted at 3 hospitals in China. Patients with treatment-naïve, stage II-IV NSCLC without EGFR/ALK driver mutations were enrolled. This study consisted of two cohorts, one cohort is potentially resectable disease (PRD) and the other is unresectable disease (URD). The PRD patients received 3-4 cycles of tislelizumab (200 mg Q3w) plus carboplatin-based chemotherapy. Candidates eligible for surgery underwent surgery, followed by adjuvant tislelizumab monotherapy for 1 year. The URD patients received platinum-based doublet chemotherapy plus tislelizumab for 4-6 cycles, followed by tislelizumab for squamous and tislelizumab in combination with pemetrexed for non-squamous, until disease progression or intolerable toxicity. Primary endpoint was safety. Secondary endpoints were efficacy, such as MPR/pCR(PRD cohort), ORR, PFS and OS, etc. Multi-omics analysis of baseline and post-treatment samples were conducted to explore the safety and efficacy for chemoimmunotherapy. (NCT05244837). Results: Between December 2020 and November 2022, a total of 100 eligible patients were enrolled and received at least one cycle of immunochemotherapy. 58 patients were with PRD, of whom 40 (68.9%) were squamous cell lung cancer. 50 (86.2%) patients were stage III disease. During neoadjuvant treatment period, 52 patients (91.2%) experienced neoadjuvant TRAEs. Most of the TRAEs were grade 1or 2. No grade 4 or 5 TRAEs was observed. The most common grade 1 or 2 TRAEs were alopecia (n = 29;50.9%), anemia (n = 25;43.9%), rash (n = 29; 50.9%). Four patients (7.0%) experienced severe TRAE of grade 3 increased ALT/AST.39 patients received surgical resection, R0 resection was performed for 38 (97.4%) patients. 29 (74.4%) achieved MPR (major pathological response), including 19 (48.7%) with a complete pathological response (pCR). 42 patients with URD were enrolled, 26 (61.9%) patients were stage IV disease. 37 patients (88.1%) experienced TRAEs. The most common grade 1 or 2 TRAEs TRAEs were anemia (n = 27; 64.3%), rash (n = 12; 57.0%). Severe TRAEs occurred in 8 (2.0%) cases, including increased ALT/ AST, decreased white blood cell count etc. 29 genes were identified as differentially expressed in pretreatment tumors from patients with pCR compared to non-pCR. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant tislelizumab plus chemotherapy was safe and effective with high MPR and manageable TRAEs in patients with PRD. For patients with URD, tislelizumab plus chemotherapy was generally well tolerated. We have identified a differential immune landscape between pCR and non-pCR tumors.
Multi-omics analysis to reveal the change of peripheral blood TCR repertoire and tumor burden during neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with sequential PD-1 blockade for patients with non-small cell lung cancers: A single-center, single-arm phase 2 trial; Background: Preoperative neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy has been applied to the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the optimal dosage of chemotherapy and sequencing for chemotherapy and immunotherapy remains controversial. Methods: In this singlearm phase 2 trial, patients with stage IB to IIIA resectable NSCLC were enrolled and received 2 cycles of dose-limiting platinum-based chemotherapy (albumin-bound paclitaxel or pemetrexed plus cisplatin or carboplatin) on day 1, combined with sintilimab (200mg) on day 5 before undergoing radical surgery. Combination postoperative adjuvant therapy with the same regimen was administered. The primary endpoints were objective response rate (ORR) and major pathological response (MPR). Biopsies and plasma at different timepoint were collected and performed with RNA sequencing, circulating tumor DNA sequencing and T cell receptor (TCR) sequencing. Results: 17 patients were enrolled. After neoadjuvant treatment, patients with completed response, partial responses and stable diseases were 11.8% (2/17), 70.6% (12/17) and 17.6% (3/17), respectively, yielding an ORR of 82.4%. Radiological downstaging was achieved in 82.4% (14/17) of patients. All patients (17/17, 100%) experienced the R0 resection. Pathologic complete response and MPR were identified in 35.2% (6/17) patients and 23.5% (4/17) patients, respectively. Only 1 of the 17 patients (5.9%) experienced grade 3 or greater adverse event. Multi-omics analysis revealed chemotherapy combined with sequential PD-1 blockade results in the increase of dominated TCR clones and the decrease of the tumor burden. Especially during chemotherapy of cycle 1, the dominated TCR clones were significantly increased, and the maxVAF of ctDNA was significantly decreased. The change between the dominated TCR clones and maxVAF of ctDNA was negatively correlated. Conclusions: In patients with stage IB to IIIA resectable NSCLC, the neoadjuvant therapy with dose-limiting platinum-based chemotherapy combined with sequential sintilimab was safer and resulted in significant antitumor activity in patients with resectable NSCLC. The changes in TCR repertoire and ctDNA during treatment were analyzed, which provided evidence for the rationality of neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with sequential PD-1 blockade.
Pembrolizumab vs placebo for early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer after resection and adjuvant therapy: Subgroup analysis of patients who received adjuvant chemotherapy in the phase 3 PEARLS/KEYNOTE-091 study; Background: In the randomized, triple-blind, phase 3 PEARLS/KEYNOTE-091 study (NCT02504372), at the second interim analysis, pembrolizumab (pembro) significantly prolonged DFS vs placebo (pbo) in the overall population of patients (pts) with completely resected stage IB-IIIA NSCLC per AJCC v7 who may or may not have received adjuvant chemotherapy (chemo; up to 4 cycles) as recommended per local guidelines (n = 1177; HR, 0.76 [95% CI, 0.63-0.91]; P = 0.0014). Here we present outcomes for those pts who received 1-4 cycles of prior adjuvant chemo, per protocol. Methods: Eligible adults had pathologically confirmed, completely resected stage IB (T ≥4 cm), II, or IIIA NSCLC (AJCC v7) of any PD-L1 expression, ECOG performance status of 0 or 1, and had not received neoadjuvant radiotherapy or chemo. Pts were randomized 1:1 to pembro 200 mg or pbo Q3W for 18 doses (∼1 year); receipt of adjuvant chemo (yes vs no) was one of the stratification factors. Dual primary endpoints were DFS in the ITT and PD-L1 TPS ≥50% populations. No alpha was assigned to this subgroup analysis of pts who received adjuvant chemo for 1-4 cycles per local guidelines. Results: Of 1177 pts in the ITT population, 1010 (85.8%) received adjuvant chemo and were included in this analysis (pembro, n = 506; pbo, n = 504). Pts received a median of 17 and 18 study doses, respectively. As of data cutoff (Sep 20, 2021), 52.6% in the pembro arm vs 64.9% in the pbo arm had completed treatment. Median time from randomization to data cutoff was 37.4 mo. Median (95% CI) DFS was 58.7 mo (39.2 mo-not reached [NR]) in the pembro arm vs 34.9 mo (28.6 mo-NR) in the pbo arm (HR, 0.73 [95% CI, 0.60-0.89]). Estimated 18-mo DFS rates were 73.8% and 63.1%, respectively. In pts with PD-L1 TPS ≥50% (pembro, n = 143; pbo, n = 141), median DFS was NR in both treatment arms (HR, 0.80 [95% CI, 0.54-1.20]). Grade 3-5 adverse events (AEs) occurred in 170 pts (34.3%) in the pembro arm and 128 (25.7%) in the pbo arm (grade 5, 2.2% vs 1.0%). Immune-mediated AEs and infusion reactions occurred in 195 pts (39.3%) in the pembro arm and 69 (13.8%) in the pbo arm. Conclusions: Consistent with the ITT population, pembro substantially improved DFS vs pbo in the subgroup of pts with stage IB (T2a ≥4 cm), II, or IIIA NSCLC who received adjuvant platinum-based chemo following complete resection. Based on these results, pembro was approved for adjuvant treatment in this pt population by the US FDA.
Clinical outcomes with neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) + chemotherapy (C) vs C by definitive surgery in patients (pts) with resectable NSCLC: 3-y results from the phase 3 CheckMate 816 trial; Background: In CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant N + C demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in event-free survival (EFS) and pathologic complete response (pCR) vs C in pts with resectable NSCLC. Here, we report clinical outcomes in pts with or without definitive surgery following neoadjuvant treatment (tx). Methods: Adults with stage IB (tumors ≥ 4 cm) to IIIA (per AJCC 7th ed) resectable NSCLC, ECOG PS < 1, and no known EGFR/ALK mutations were randomized 1:1 to 3 cycles of N 360 mg + C Q3W or C Q3W, followed by definitive surgery within 6 wk of tx. Primary endpoints were EFS and pCR, both per blinded independent review. Exploratory analyses included EFS (secondary definition; no censoring for subsequent tx), time to death or distant metastasis (TTDM), and EFS2 (EFS on next-line tx) in pts with or without surgery. Results: Among 358 randomized pts, 149 (83%; N + C) and 135 (75%; C) had definitive surgery. Baseline characteristics were similar in pts with or without surgery (N + C, 30; C, 44) and between tx arms, except that a higher proportion of pts who did not have surgery had ECOG PS 1 (both arms) or were from Europe (N+ C arm). Surgery was canceled due to progressive disease (PD) in 11 (N + C) and 17 (C) pts; PD was locoregional in 4 and 15 pts and distant in 3 and 2 pts, while 4 pts in the N + C arm had both locoregional and distant PD. At database lock (October 14, 2022; median f/u: 41.4 mo), EFS, TTDM, and EFS2 were numerically improved in pts with vs without surgery, regardless of tx arm. In pts with surgery, median TTDM was not reached (NR) vs 46.8 mo (HR, 0.55) with N + C vs C, respectively; 3-y TTDM rates were 77% vs 59%. In pts without surgery, median TTDM was 24.8 vs 15.6 mo (HR, 0.63) with N + C vs C; 3-y rates were 36% vs 13%. Among pts without surgery, 17 (57%) vs 28 (64%) pts in the N + C vs C arms, respectively, received subsequent tx: radiotherapy 37% vs 41%; surgery 3% vs 2%; systemic tx 50% vs 52%. Grade 3/4 txrelated AEs occurred in 38% (N + C) and 36% (C) in pts with surgery, and 26% and 46% in pts without surgery. Conclusions: In CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant N + C demonstrated long-term clinical benefit vs C in pts with resectable NSCLC who received definitive surgery. In pts who did not receive definitive surgery, these exploratory analyses showed that neoadjuvant N + C was associated with numerically improved TTDM.
Exploration of biomarkers in potentially resectable stage IIIB NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Background: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the main leading causes of cancer mortality in the world. NSCLC is incurable in most patients with potentially resectable locally advanced stage IIIB disease. Numerous studies suggest that advantageous chemoimmunotherapy is a promising treatment for resectable NSCLC. The determination of PD-L1, T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire and tumor mutational burden (TMB) have been reported to predict the response to immunotherapy. However, the value of pathologic response determination in the context of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in resectable stage IIIB NSCLC is limited. Therefore, it is necessary to identify biomarkers for the prediction of the benefit from neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in patients with potentially resectable stage IIIB NSCLC. Methods: A total of 15 patients with potentially resectable clinical stage IIIB NSCLC were enrolled into the study receiving neoadjuvant sintilimab (200mg IV Q3W) plus chemotherapy therapies for 4-6 weeks followed by surgery. All peripheral blood and tissue samples were collected and detected by using TCR repertoire sequencing before and after chemoimmunotherapy. The patients were divided into MPR group (n=5) and non-MPR group (n=10) according to MPR (,10% viable tumour at resection) as an index. Furthermore, TMB spectra of 1021-gene panels and PD-L1 immunohistochemical staining were performed in paraffin-embedded human NSCLC tissue before neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. The Pearson correlation coefficient method was used to analyze correlation. The ROC analysis were performed using pROC R package. Results: In baseline tissue samples, the levels of TMB and NAD were higher in MPR compared with non-MPR groups (P=0.0328, P=0.015, respectively). The negative correlation was existed between pretreatment tissue TCR richness and TMB in non-MPR group (P=0.028, R=-0.66). In MPR group, TCR clones and evenness showed significant difference (P=0.00237, P=0.04658, respectively). In non-MPR group, the TCR repertoire of tissue in posttreatment showed significant difference compared with those of pretreatment, including clones (P=1.04x10-6), shannon's diversity (P=0.00142), evenness (P=0.00433), richness (P=0.00591). The clinical data showed that MPR patients with DDR mutation had longer DFS after sintilimab plus chemotherapy therapies (18.465.41 months, X-squared=9.8, P=0.02034). DDR mutation, TMB and TCR richness revealed better sensitivity and specificity to classify patients achieving MPR after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (AUC=1.000, AUC=0.796, AUC=0.773, respectively). Conclusions: This study confirmed the superiority of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in patients with potentially resectable stage IIIB NSCLC in terms ofMPR. TCR repertoire, TMB and DDR mutation were associated with pathologic response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy as biomarkers for effective anti-tumor immunity.
Efficacy and safety of pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy and sequential surgical resection in initial unresectable stage IIIB NSCLC; Background: Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy has been proved effective in resectable NSCLC, while its role in unresectable stage IIIB NSCLC remains controversial. This study aims to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy sequential surgical resection in initial unresectable stage IIIB NSCLC patients. Methods: This multicenter study retrospectively analyzed 59 patients with initial unresectable stage IIIB NSCLC who received induction pembrolizumab combined with chemotherapy between June 2019 and April 2022. The clinical characteristics, radiological and pathological response and survival outcomes were collected and evaluated. Results: A total of 59 initial unresectable stage IIIB NSCLC patients were identified and divided into the surgery group (n = 23) and non-surgery group (n = 36) with a median follow-up time of 15.0 months. The median PFS/DFS of surgery group was significantly longer than that of non-surgery group (not reached versus 15.5 months, p = 0.0031). The median OS was not reached in both groups, overall survival rate was 100% (23/23) in surgery group and 83.3% (30/36) in non-surgery group. Pathological analysis suggested that 13 of 23 patients (56.5%) achieved major pathological response (MPR) or pathological complete response (pCR), and more squamous cell carcinoma cases were observed in MPR group compared to non-MPR group (p = 0.034). Of 23 patients in surgery group, all patients had a R0 resection, no surgical-related mortality was recorded, only 3 patients (13.0%) experienced any postoperative complications. Conclusions: Surgical resection after neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy is beneficial in the survival outcome of initial unresectable stage IIIB NSCLC patients, with a high MPR rate and good surgical safety.
The Role of Immunotherapy or Immuno-Chemotherapy in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Comprehensive Review; Many new treatment modalities for non-small-cell carcinoma (NSCLC) have been described in the last two decades. Surgical resections remain the gold standard for early stages and may be considered for locally advanced tumors. Medical treatment has changed drastically in recent years, especially for advanced stages, for which the development of immunotherapy and molecular targeted therapy significantly increased survival and quality of life. The addition of radical surgical resection following immunotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy is feasible and safe with low surgical-related mortality and morbidity in selected patients with initially unresectable NSCLC. However, data from multiple ongoing trials with overall survival as the primary endpoint should be awaited before this strategy is introduced into the standard of care.
SAbR in LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent ChT-RT: START-NEW-ERA non-randomised phase II trial; Purpose or Objective This is an update of a single arm phase 2 trial (Clinical trials.gov NCT05291780) to assess local control (LC) and safety of stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SAbR) in newly diagnosed and recurrent unresectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) patients unfit for concurrent chemo-radiotherapy (ChT-RT). Early results on first 50 enrolled patients were recently published (1). Materials and Methods Patients were staged with PET-CT and brain MRI. Neoadjuvant ChT was prescribed in fit patients. The tumor volume included primary tumor (T) and any regionally positive node/s (N). The co-primary study endpoints were LC and safety. Results Between December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2022 71 LA-NSCLC patients were enrolled. All analyses, including the primary end-points of LC and safety, included patients with at least 6 months of follow-up after treatment with clinical and imaging tumor response evaluation. Histology was squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and adenocarcinoma (ADC) in 41% and 59%, respectively. 61 (86%) patients had ultra-central tumor. Forty (56%) received neoadjuvant ChT and 15 (21%) adjuvant Durvalumab. Median prescribed dose was 45 Gy (range, 35-55) and 40 Gy (35-45) in 5 daily fractions to T and N, respectively. After a median follow-up of 26 months (range, 6-92), 23 (32%) patients had experienced local recurrence (LR). The median LR-free survival (FS) was not reached (95% CI, 28 to not reached). The 1-, 2- and 4- year LR-FS rates were 84±5%, 67±6% and 58±7%, respectively. At last follow-up, 46 (65%) patients were alive. Median overall survival (OS) was 55 months (95% CI, 43-55 months). The 1, 2, and 4-year OS rates were 92±3%, 72±6% and 58±7%, respectively. Twenty-two (31%) patients developed distant progression (dP). The median dP-FS was not reached (95% CI, 24 to not reached). The 1, 2, and 4-year dP-FS rates were 85±4%, 64±6% and 60±7%, respectively. Two patients developed grade (G) 3 esophageal and lung toxicity Conclusion LA-NSCLC patients treated with SAbR had optimal LC and promising OS with low rate of G3 toxicity. Our updated clinical outcomes confirm the feasibility of using this approach in LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent ChT-RT. 1. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys 2022;S0360-3016(22)03459-9. doi: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2022.10.025
Immune checkpoint blockade unleashes Mucosal Associated Invariant T (MAIT) cells in tumor microenvironment of NSCLC patients; Mucosal associated invariant T (MAIT) cells are innate like T-cells that recognise non-peptide metabolite antigens presented on monomorphic MHC related-1 (MR1) making them an attractive off the shelf tool for cancer immunotherapy. In this study, we investigate the function of MAITs in the tumor microenvironment of neoadjuvant anti-PD1 treated lung cancer patients (NCT02259621). Paired single cell RNA/TCR sequencing analysis revealed an oligoclonal expansion of MAITs comprising of canonical TRAV1-2 +and non-canonical MAITs TRAV1-2 - . TCR capture from canonical MAIT clonotypes confirmed their in vitro recognition of 5-OP-RU, a bacteria derived riboflavin derivative. However, the nature of antigens recognised by non-canonical MAITs remains poorly understood. On mining transcriptional profiles of MAITs, we observed a high clonal amplification of canonical MAITs whereas the non-canonical clonotypes expressed a strong activation/exhaustion gene signature. This suggests that both these MAIT populations recognise different types of antigens, are differentially activated, and respond to immune checkpoint blockade (ICB), the non-canonical MAITs being highly dysfunctional. Using bacterial 16S RNA amplicon and metagenomics sequencing, we seek to identify microbial and metabolomic signatures associated with MAIT activation and response to ICB. Our findings will provide further insights into the nature of ligands recognised by MAITs and the mechanisms associated with MR1 dependent recognition and killing of tumor. Investigating the role of unconventional T-cells in response to ICB has the potential to reveal new tumor-associated antigens which could open up avenues for innovative combination immunotherapies.
Antibodies against endogenous retroviruses promote lung cancer immunotherapy; B cells are frequently found in the margins of solid tumours as organized follicles in ectopic lymphoid organs called tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS)1,2. Although TLS have been found to correlate with improved patient survival and response to immune checkpoint blockade (ICB), the underlying mechanisms of this association remain elusive1,2. Here we investigate lung-resident B cell responses in patients from the TRACERx 421 (Tracking Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer Evolution Through Therapy) and other lung cancer cohorts, and in a recently established immunogenic mouse model for lung adenocarcinoma3. We find that both human and mouse lung adenocarcinomas elicit local germinal centre responses and tumour-binding antibodies, and further identify endogenous retrovirus (ERV) envelope glycoproteins as a dominant anti-tumour antibody target. ERV-targeting B cell responses are amplified by ICB in both humans and mice, and by targeted inhibition of KRAS(G12C) in the mouse model. ERV-reactive antibodies exert anti-tumour activity that extends survival in the mouse model, and ERV expression predicts the outcome of ICB in human lung adenocarcinoma. Finally, we find that effective immunotherapy in the mouse model requires CXCL13-dependent TLS formation. Conversely, therapeutic CXCL13 treatment potentiates anti-tumour immunity and synergizes with ICB. Our findings provide a possible mechanistic basis for the association of TLS with immunotherapy response.
Tracking early lung cancer metastatic dissemination in TRACERx using ctDNA; Circulating tumour DNA (ctDNA) can be used to detect and profile residual tumour cells persisting after curative intent therapy1. The study of large patient cohorts incorporating longitudinal plasma sampling and extended follow-up is required to determine the role of ctDNA as a phylogenetic biomarker of relapse in early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here we developed ctDNA methods tracking a median of 200 mutations identified in resected NSCLC tissue across 1,069 plasma samples collected from 197 patients enrolled in the TRACERx study2. A lack of preoperative ctDNA detection distinguished biologically indolent lung adenocarcinoma with good clinical outcome. Postoperative plasma analyses were interpreted within the context of standard-of-care radiological surveillance and administration of cytotoxic adjuvant therapy. Landmark analyses of plasma samples collected within 120 days after surgery revealed ctDNA detection in 25% of patients, including 49% of all patients who experienced clinical relapse; 3 to 6 monthly ctDNA surveillance identified impending disease relapse in an additional 20% of landmark-negative patients. We developed a bioinformatic tool (ECLIPSE) for non-invasive tracking of subclonal architecture at low ctDNA levels. ECLIPSE identified patients with polyclonal metastatic dissemination, which was associated with a poor clinical outcome. By measuring subclone cancer cell fractions in preoperative plasma, we found that subclones seeding future metastases were significantly more expanded compared with non-metastatic subclones. Our findings will support (neo)adjuvant trial advances and provide insights into the process of metastatic dissemination using low-ctDNA-level liquid biopsy.
Outcome and prognostic factors in patients undergoing salvage therapy for recurrent esophagogastric cancer after multimodal treatment; Purpose: Perioperative systemic treatment has significantly improved the outcome in locally advanced esophagogastric cancer. However, still the majority of patients relapse and die. Data on the optimal treatment after relapse are limited, and clinical and biological prognostic factors are lacking. Methods: Patients with a relapse after neoadjuvant/perioperative treatment and surgery for esophagogastric cancer were analyzed using a prospective database. Applied treatment regimens, clinical prognostic factors and biomarkers were analyzed. Results: Of 246 patients 119 relapsed. Among patients with a relapse event, those with an early relapse (< 6 months) had an inferior overall survival (OS 6.3 vs. 13.8 months, p < 0.001) after relapse than those with a late relapse (> 6 months). OS after relapse was longer in patients with a microsatellite-unstable (MSI) tumor. Systemic treatment was initiated in 87 patients (73% of relapsed pat.); among those OS from the start of first-line treatment was inferior in patients with an early relapse with 6.9 vs. 10.0 months (p = 0.037). In 27 patients (23% of relapsed pat.), local therapy (irradiation or surgical intervention) was performed due to oligometastatic relapse, resulting in a prolonged OS in comparison to patients without local therapy (median OS 35.2 months vs. 7.8 months, p < 0.0001). Multivariate analysis confirmed the prognostic benefit of the MSI status and a local intervention. Conclusion: Patients relapsing after multimodal treatment have a heterogeneous prognosis depending on the relapse-free interval (if systemic treatment applied), extent of metastatic disease as well as MSI status. The benefit of additional local intervention after relapse should be addressed in a randomized trial.
Copy number variations mediate major pathological response to induction chemo-immunotherapy in unresectable stage IIIA-IIIB lung cancer; Introduction: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer. Despite this, evidence supporting optimal management of certain stages remains a topic of debate. In this retrospective study we examine the efficacy and safety, as well as exploring the biomarkers of neoadjuvant induction immuno-chemotherapy, in Chinese patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC. Methods: Patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC who were identified as driver mutation-negative and who received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy were enrolled from three Chinese hospitals between Jan. 17, 2019, and Jan.17, 2022. Perioperative outcomes and survival data were collected. Retrospective biomarker exploration was performed in available baseline tumor samples and surgical specimens. Results: 94 patients were enrolled and received chemo-immunotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment. 80 patients had squamous cell carcinoma, and 26 had stage IIIB disease. Surgery conversion rate was 74.4%, R0 resection rate was 98.4%. Of 64 patients who underwent surgery, major pathological response (MPR) rate was 65.6% and pathologic complete response (pCR) rate was 42.2%. 73% of patients with N2 disease demonstrated down-staging to N0. Treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) occurred in 43 patients (45.7%) with anemia was the most common. The Grade ≥ 3 TRAEs rate was 3.2% (3/94). A significant association between copy number variation (CNV) ploidy was also found. Conclusion: The combination treatment of immuno-chemotherapy for unresectable stage III NSCLC is not only effective but also has a favourable safety profile. For the first time we provide evidence that CNV status may be a predictive biomarker of MPR.
Chemotherapy and stereotactic ablative radiotherapy in newly diagnosed and recurrent locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients unfit for concurrent radiochemotherapy: Sub-analysis and update of START-NEW-ERA non-randomised phase II trial; Background Early analysis1 of a single arm phase II trial assessed local control (LC) and safety of SAbR in unresectable LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent chemo-radiotherapy (ChT-RT). Here we report outcomes of LA-NSCLC patients submitted to ChT and SAbR. Methods Between December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2022 71 LA-NSCLC patients were enrolled. 40 (56%) and 31 (44%) received neoadjuvant ChT+SAbR and SAbR, respectively. Among patients receiving ChT, 15 (37%) received Durvalumab. The tumor volume included primary tumor (T) and any regionally positive node/s (N). The co-primary study endpoints were LC and safety. Results The median age was 71 years (range, 52–85). 36 (90%) and 4 (10%) patients had PS 0–1 and 2, respectively. Histology was squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and adenocarcinoma (ADC) in 52% and 48%, respectively. The stage was IIB, IIIA, IIIB and IIIC in 4 (10%),13 (33%), 17 (42%) and 6 (15%) patients, respectively. Median prescribed dose was 45 Gy (range, 35–55) and 40 Gy (35–45) in 5 daily fractions to T and N, respectively. After a median follow-up of 26 months (range, 6–66), 14 (35%) patients had experienced local recurrence (LR). The median LR-free survival (FS) was not reached (95% CI, 28 to not reached). The 1-, 2- and 4- year LR-FS rates were 86 ± 6%, 67 ± 8% and 50 ± 10%, respectively. At last follow-up, 23 (58%) patients were alive. Median overall survival (OS) was 50 months (95% CI, 31–55). The 1, 2, and 4-year OS rates were 92 ± 5%, 70 ± 8% and 51 ± 9%, respectively. 14 (35%) patients developed distant progression (dP). The median dP-FS was not reached (95% CI, 16 to not reached). The 1, 2, and 4-year dP-FS rates were 86 ± 6%, 56 ± 9% and 56 ± 9%, respectively. 2 (5%) patients developed grade (G) ≥3 esophageal and lung toxicity. Conclusions LA-NSCLC patients treated with ChT and SAbR had optimal LC and promising OS with low rate of G3 toxicity. Our early outcomes would suggest the feasibility of using this approach in LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent ChT-RT. Clinical trial identification NCT05291780. Legal entity responsible for the study The authors. Funding Has not received any funding. Disclosure All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Comparison of the efficacy of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab vs sintilimab combination with chemotherapy in resectable lung cancer: A multicenter propensity score matching study; Background This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of using Pembrolizumab or Sintilimab combined with chemotherapy in NSCLC treatment using the Propensity Score Matching (PSM) analysis. Methods The NSCLC patients were treated with neoadjuvent Pembrolizumab or Sintilimab combined with chemotherapy in two hospitals since June 2018. The objective response rate (ORR), pathological complete response (pCR), and operation-related information of the two groups were analyzed by PSM analysis. Results Here, 116 patients were enrolled in the study, where 61 were classified into the Sintilimab group while 55 were included in the Pembrolizumab group. The results indicated that 28 patients (45.9%) in the Sintilimab group achieved pCR while 30 patients (54.5%) in the Pembrolizumab group showed pCR(P = 0.353). No significant differences were noted in MPR between the Sintilimab and Pembrolizumab groups (39, 63.9% vs 36, 65.5%, P = 0.861). Furthermore, the ORR values showed no statistically significant differences between the groups when compared to the assessment of the effects by the Sintilimab and the Pembrolizumab groups (46, 75.4% vs. 44, 80.0%, P = 0.554). There was no discernible difference in ORR and pCR values between the two groups after the first and second PSM analyses. After a Logistic analysis, before and after PSM, treatment with ≥3 cycles were still regarded as the promoting factor of pCR. [Formula presented] Conclusions Sintilimab or Pembrolizumab combined with chemotherapy display a similar pCR to the neoadjuvant treatment of resectable NSCLC. So these both PD-1 inhibitors could show similar effects in NSCLC treatment. Legal entity responsible for the study The authors. Funding Has not received any funding. Disclosure All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Stereotactic ablative radiotherapy and durvalumab: The backbone of unresectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients unfit to concurrent chemo-radiotherapy -Rib of START-NEW-ERA trial; Background Several real-world experiences have been reported safety and effectiveness of Durvalumab after concurrent or sequential chemo-radiotherapy (ChT-RT) in lLA-NSCLC patients. There is a lack of data after sequential ChT-hypofractionated RT. In single arm phase II trial (NCT05291780) we assessed local control (LC) and safety of stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SAbR) in unresectable LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent ChT-RT (1). Here we report clinical outcomes of SAbR in LA-NSCLC patients treated with radical-intent based on PACIFIC trial. Methods Between December 31, 2015 and June 30, 2022 71 LA-NSCLC patients were enrolled. 40 (56%) fit patients received neoadjuvant ChT and 15 (37%) received Durvalumab. The tumor volume included primary tumor (T) and any regionally positive node/s (N). The co-primary study endpoints were LC and safety. Results The median age was 71 years (range, 52–78). Histology was adenocarcinoma (ADC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and in 9 (60%) and 6 (40%), respectively. The stage was IIIA, IIIB and IIIC in 7 (47%), 5 (33%) and 3 (20%) patients, respectively. Median prescribed dose was 45 Gy (range, 40–50) and 40 Gy (35–50) in 5 daily fractions to T and N, respectively. After a median follow-up of 16 months (range, 6–62), 4 (27%) patients had experienced local recurrence (LR) at a median time of 13 months (range, 7–34). The median LR-free survival (FS) was 34 months (95% CI, 14 to 34). The 1-, 2- and 4-year LR-FS rates were 92 ± 8%, 72 ± 14% and 48 ± 22%, respectively. At last follow-up, 23 (58%) patients were alive. Median overall survival (OS) was 50 months (95% CI, 31–55). The 1, 2, and 4-year OS rates were 92 ± 5%, 70 ± 8% and 51 ± 9%, respectively. 7 patients had disease recurrence, 4 and 3 during and after completion of Durvalumab. 2(13%) discontinued Durvalumab due to G3 toxicity. Conclusions SABR and immunotherapy can be the backbone of patients unfit to concurrent ChT-RT. Our early outcomes would suggest the feasibility of using this approach in LA-NSCLC patients unfit for concurrent ChT-RT. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2022 Oct 24;S0360–3016(22)03459–9. doi: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2022.10.025. Legal entity responsible for the study The authors. Funding Has not received any funding. Disclosure All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Tissue B-cell receptor repertoire as biomarker of complete pathological response in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (NADIM trials); Background Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (CI) for potentially resectable stage IIIA NSCLC yields high percentages of complete pathological responses (CPR). However, not all patients achieve CPR, and current biomarkers (PD-L1 and TMB) have limited sensitivity for predicting clinical outcomes. On the other hand, the presence of tertiary lymphoid structures has been associated with better responses to immunotherapy, but the role of B-cells and B-Cell Receptor (BCR) repertoire is largely unknown. Here, using tissue samples from NADIM I and II trials, we analyze the tumoral BCR repertoire and its association with CPR. Methods RNAs extracted from pre- and post-neoadjuvant treatment 59 tumor samples of 43 patients enrolled in NADIM I (n = 33) and II (n = 10) trials were sequenced using the Oncomine® BCR IGH SR Assay (ThermoFisher). BCR clones and lineages metrics (count, Shannon diversity, evenness and convergence) were analysed, as well as clonal/lineage space, defined as the summed frequency of clones/lineages belonging to a frequency group (top <1%, 1–2%, 2–5% and >5%) relative to the total BCR repertoire. Results were correlated with pathological response groups: CPR (n = 23) and non-CPR (n = 20). Results In pre-treatment samples (n = 19), CPR tumors (n = 8) showed significantly lower BCR diversity and evenness than non-CPR tumors (n = 11) in both clones and lineages (p = 0.051 and p = 0.026 for clonal and lineage diversity; p = 0.020 and p = 0.026 for clonal and lineage evenness). Additionally, pre-treatment samples showed higher clonal and lineage space occupied by the top 1% clones/lineages in patients who achieved CPR vs those that did not (p = 0.021 and p = 0.012). No significant differences were found in total clone count and convergence. In post-treatment samples (n = 40), no differences were observed in any clonal/lineage derived metrics between CPR (n = 22) and non-CPR tumors (n = 18). Conclusions Our results support the association between an uneven and less diverse distribution of B cell clones and lineages proportions at diagnosis with complete pathological response after neoadjuvant CI. Clinical trial identification NCT03081689 and NCT03838159. Legal entity responsible for the study Spanish Lung Cancer Group. Funding Bristol Myers Squibb. Spanish Lung Cancer Group promoted NADIM I and II studies. “Instituto de Salud Carlos III” (ISCIII) (PI19/01652 and PI22/01223) and Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation (RTC-2017-6502-1 and RTC-2019-007359-1) provided funding for translational research. ISCIII, Horizon 2020 European Union Funding, Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation supported author’s contracts. Disclosure All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
SAKK 16/14: Immune profiling of pre-operative biopsies correlates with survival and immune activation in stage IIIA (N2) NSCLC after neoadjuvant immunotherapy; Background The composition and functional state of the tumor immune-environment (TIME) is a critical factor for response to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In the neoadjuvant setting, the composition of the TIME and the spatial distribution of immune effector cells are captured in the preoperative biopsy (IB). It remains unknown how (a) TIME changes during neoadjuvant ICI treatment and (b) how immune phenotyping of the IB is predictive for response to ICI therapy. Methods We performed digital pathology analysis of tumor tissue obtained from patients with stage IIIA (N2) NSCLC undergoing sequential neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy including durvalumab in the phase II trial SAKK 16/14.14 cases with matched IB and resection specimens were included and analyzed by immunostaining for CD3, CD8 and CD20. Two pathologists consensus-reviewed all cases and assigned global immune phenotypes for each case as excluded (“cold tumors”) or inflamed (“hot tumors”). A machine-learning classifier was trained to segment invasive tumor regions and quantify immune cell infiltrates in epithelial and stromal compartments. CD20 stains were used for digital morphometry of tertiary lymphoid structure (TLS) in TIME. Correlations of TIME parameters with event-free survival (EFS) were analyzed by Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Results Analysis of CD8+ T-cell density in the IB (n = 14) classified TIME as excluded (n = 10) or inflamed (n = 4). Presence of TLS in IB and TLS size strongly correlated with long term EFS (p < 0.001). In cases with mature TLS in the IB, a trend towards increased CD8+ T-cell density and increased infiltration into the tumor epithelial compartment was observed. In analysis of matched IB and resections at individual patient level, an activated TIME was found after neoadjuvant anti-PD-L1 treatment. Specifically, we observed a trend towards increased T-cell density and increasing TLS size in the matched resection specimen after ICI, with the highest fold increase found in patients with long term EFS. Conclusions In the trial SAKK16/14, presence of TLS and TLS size in the IB correlate with EFS and a signature of immune activation in the matched resection specimen. Legal entity responsible for the study Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK). Funding AstraZeneca, RisingTide Foundation, Gateway for Cancer Research. Disclosure S.I. Rothschild: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca, AbbVie, Amgen, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Foundation Medicine, Merck, Roche Pharma; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AbbVie, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Janssen, Merck Serono, MSD, Novartis, Otsuka, PharmaMar, Roche Pharma, Sanofi Aventis, Takeda, BMS; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Amgen, AstraZeneca, BMS, Janssen, MSD, Novartis, Roche Pharma, Roche Diagnostics, Sanofi, Takeda; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Member of the Board of Directors: Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Member: Federal Drug Commission, Federal Office of Public Health Switzerland. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
133TiP Neoadjuvant osimertinib followed by sequential definitive radiotherapy and/or surgery in stage III EGFR-mutant NSCLC: An open-label, single-arm, phase II study; Background The treatment of unresectable, locally advanced stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT), followed by consolidation durvalumab. This study aims to evaluate the benefit of neoadjuvant osimertinib as an alternative therapy to this approach with the aim of reducing the radiation field. Trial design This investigation was a nonrandomized, open-label, single-arm, phase II prospective, proof-of-concept study. Eligible patients were treatment-naïve, nonoperable, stage III EGFR-mutant NSCLC patients. Patients received 80 mg oral osimertinib daily for 12 weeks prior to definitive radiotherapy (RT) and/or surgery. The response was assessed at week 6 and week 12. For responders, sequential definitive RT and/or surgery were planned. Nonresponders were started on standard CRT. After RT ± surgery or CRT, patients were followed for two years without adjuvant therapy. The primary endpoint was the objective response rate (ORR), with September 20, 2022 set as the cut-off for data collection. Secondary endpoints were safety and the gross tumour volume (GTV), planned tumour volume (PTV) and the percentage of total lung volume exceeding 20 Gy (V20%) before vs. after osimertinib. Exploratory analyses included assessments of the presence of plasma circulating tumour-free DNA (cfDNA) before osimertinib treatment, at weeks 6 and 12, at the end of RT, and 6 weeks post-RT. Legal entity responsible for the study The authors. Funding Has not received any funding. Disclosure All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Radical chemoradiation for stage III NSCLC patients with N3 disease: futile exercise or a fruitful venture?; Aim/background: While definitive chemoradiation (CTRT) remains the standard of care in patients with locally advanced, unresectable stage III NSCLC, patients with contralateral mediastinal and cervical are a poor risk group, due to higher rates of loco-regional and distant failures. Materials and methods: We retrospectively analyzed patients with histologically proven stage III NSCLC and N3 disease, who were treated with CTRT, between April 2014 and March 2022 at our institute. Treatment plan was discussed in a multi-disciplinary tumour board and patients were followed up as per institution policy. Statistical analysis was done using IBM SPSS Statistics (Version 26.0) Results: Of the total 712 NSCLC patients treated with radical radiation therapy, 42 patients (6%) were eligible (neck node-43%; contralateral mediastinal or hilar node-57%); mean age of the population was 63 years (range – 32 to 80 years); 86% were men. Neoadjuvant, concurrent and adjuvant chemotherapy were administered in 14%, 86% and 12% respectively. Average GTVp, GTVn and PTV volume were 89cc, 20.9cc and 404cc respectively; mean lung dose, V20Gy and V5Gy were 9Gy, 20% and 58% respectively; mean heart dose, V30Gy and V40Gy were 13Gy, 12% and 6% respectively. At a median follow-up of 17 months, 21 patients had progressed and 29 patients (69%) remain alive. Five patients (12%) developed grade 3 RT induced pneumonitis. Median PFS was 14 months; 1-yr, 2-yr PFS and OS rates were 78%, 63% and 92%, 70% respectively. Univariate analysis showed significant PFS benefit in patients who received either NACT or adjuvant chemotherapy. Conclusion: In a group of carefully selected patients with N3 disease, survival outcomes were comparable to published real-world stage III N2 disease data. Modern RT techniques have made treating complex and challenging treatment volumes possible without undue increase in acute and chronic toxicities. Benefit of adjuvant immunotherapy in this high-risk subgroup currently remains uncharted. Disclosure: No significant relationships.
Event-free survival (EFS) with neoadjuvant nivolumab (NIVO) + platinum-doublet chemotherapy (chemo) versus chemo by surgical outcomes in resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) from CheckMate 816; Introduction: In the open-label, phase 3 CheckMate 816 study (NCT02998528), neoadjuvant NIVO+chemo vs chemo alone demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in pathologic complete response (pCR) and EFS, without increasing post-surgical complications, in patients with resectable NSCLC. Here, we report additional surgical outcomes. Methods: Patients with newly diagnosed, stage IB (≥4 cm) to IIIA NSCLC and no known sensitizing EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized 1:1 to 3 cycles of neoadjuvant NIVO 360 mg + chemo Q3W or chemo Q3W, followed by surgery ≤6 weeks post-treatment. Primary endpoints were pCR and EFS. In these post-hoc analyses, EFS was evaluated by surgical approach, extent of resection, and completeness of resection. Results: At database lock (20-October-2021), median follow-up was 29.5 months. Of 358 patients randomized to NIVO+chemo (n=179) or chemo (n=179), 149 (83%) and 135 (75%) received definitive surgery. In patients who underwent surgery, EFS improvement was seen with NIVO+chemo vs chemo alone (Table 1), regardless of surgical approach (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.46 [minimally invasive surgery]; 0.67 [thoracotomy]), extent of resection (HR: 0.58 [lobectomy]; not calculated [pneumonectomy]), or completeness of resection (HR: 0.59 [R0 resection]; not calculated [R1 resection]); HR was not calculated in some subgroups owing to limited sample size or number of EFS events. Notably, median EFS with NIVO+chemo was not reached for most subgroups. Two-year NIVO+chemo EFS rates (95% CI) were: 81% (66-90) [minimally invasive surgery]; 69% (58-78) [thoracotomy]; 70% (60-78) [lobectomy]; 76% (52-90) [pneumonectomy]; and 72% (62-79) [R0 resection]. Baseline characteristics for all patients who received surgery as well as updated results from a database lock of 20-October-2022 will be presented. [Figure presented] Conclusions: NIVO+chemo did not impede surgical feasibility in CheckMate 816 and EFS benefit was observed in patients receiving NIVO+chemo vs chemo. These results further support neoadjuvant NIVO+chemo as a treatment option for patients with resectable NSCLC. Disclosure: JS: Consulting: AZ, Merck, Roche, BMS, Novartis, Chemocentryx, Amgen, Protalix Biotherapeutics, Xenetic Bio sciences, Regeneron; Grant: AZ, Merck, Roche, CLS Therapeutics, Protalix Biotherapeutics; Clinical Trial Role: BMS, Novartis, Roche, Merck, AZ
Patient characteristics and treatment patterns in resectable early-stage NSCLC: UK subgroup analysis of a global real-world study; Introduction: Recommended treatment for early-stage NSCLC is complete surgical resection, with adjuvant chemotherapy in stage II–IIIA and select stage IB disease; however, 30–70% of patients will experience disease recurrence within 5 years post-surgery. Osimertinib is an epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) approved for adjuvant treatment of resected stage IB–IIIA EGFR-mutated (EGFRm) NSCLC based on results from the Phase III ADAURA trial. This retrospective global chart review of resectable NSCLC aimed to better understand real-world EGFRm testing and treatment practices. Here, we report final data from UK patients across three sites. Methods: Adults with completely resected stage IA–IIIA NSCLC diagnosed between 1 January, 2014 and 31 December, 2017 and available EGFR test results were included and followed to at least 31 December, 2020. Primary objectives included assessment of EGFRm frequency, treatment and testing patterns. Results: Of 134 UK patients, 19/134 (14%) had EGFRm NSCLC. Median age was 70 years (range: 44–92) and 70/134 (52%) were female. Overall, 29/134 (22%) had stage IA, 25 (19%) IB, 34 (25%) IIA, 20 (15%) IIB, and 26 (19%) IIIA disease at diagnosis. Of those with data available, 84/88 (95%) were White and 78/120 (65%) former smokers. Median turnaround time for EGFR test result was 19 days (range: 1–50). Median follow-up from diagnosis was 49 months (interquartile range: 20–60). Most patients received no systemic treatment (82/134, 61%); 31/134 (23%) received adjuvant chemotherapy alone and 1 patient received neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatments. Salvage/post-recurrence treatment was received by 20/134 (15%) patients: 11/20 chemotherapy, 10/20 immunotherapy and 4/20 targeted therapy. Conclusions: In this real-world study of UK patients with resected early-stage NSCLC, 14% had EGFRm. Median turnaround time to EGFR test result was 19 days. Improvements in turnaround time for molecular testing will help to identify patients for targeted therapy. Disclosure: CE: advisory council/honoraria/consulting fees from AZ; SR: no COI; SAK: employee of AZ; SPN, KLD and MJ: employees of RTI Health Solutions with consulting fees from AZ; MS: employee/stocks with AZ; JPC: honoraria from AZ/Roche/BMS/Takeda (congress fees)
Neoadjuvant nivolumab (NIVO) + chemotherapy (chemo) vs chemo in Chinese patients (pts) with resectable NSCLC in CheckMate 816; Background: In the global, randomized phase 3 CheckMate 816 study (NCT02998528), neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in event-free survival (EFS) and pathologic complete response (pCR) vs chemo in pts with resectable NSCLC. Here, we report results from the Chinese subgroup of this study. Methods: Adults with stage IB (≥ 4 cm)-IIIA (per AJCC 7th edition) resectable NSCLC, ECOG PS ≤ 1, and no known EGFR/ALK mutations were randomized to NIVO 360 mg + chemo Q3W or chemo Q3W for 3 cycles followed by surgery. EFS and pCR (per blinded independent review) were primary endpoints; major pathologic response (MPR) and time to death or distant metastasis (TTDM) were secondary endpoints. Presented results are from an updated analysis of EFS (DBL, Oct 14, 2022), and the final analysis of pCR (DBL, Sep 16, 2020). Results: The Chinese subgroup comprised 97 pts (NIVO + chemo, 44; chemo, 53). Baseline characteristics were generally balanced between treatment (tx) arms, except for a higher proportion of pts with stage IIIA NSCLC in the chemo arm. At 38.2 mo's minimum follow-up, NIVO + chemo improved EFS vs chemo (HR, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.25-0.88). The pCR rate (95% CI) was higher with NIVO + chemo (25.0% [13.2-40.3]) vs chemo (1.9% [0.0-10.1]); MPR and TTDM also favored NIVO + chemo (table). Overall, 36 (81.8%) and 41 (77.4%) pts in the NIVO + chemo and chemo arms, respectively, had definitive surgery. Grade 3-4 tx-related and surgery-related adverse events occurred in 18 (41.9%) and 5 (13.9%) pts in the NIVO + chemo arm, respectively, vs 22 (41.5%) and 9 (22.0%) in the chemo arm. Conclusions: Consistent with results in the global population of CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo improved EFS and pCR vs chemo in Chinese pts. The addition of NIVO to neoadjuvant chemo maintained tx tolerability and did not impact the feasibility of surgery. These results support neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo as a tx option for Chinese pts with resectable NSCLC.
Efficacy and safety of adjuvant (adj) atezolizumab (atezo) from the Phase 2 LCMC3 study; Background LCMC3 (NCT02927301), an open-label, single-arm Phase 2 study to investigate neoadjuvant (neoadj) and adj atezo (anti-PD-L1) in patients (pts) with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), met its primary endpoint with a 20% major pathological response (MPR) rate after neoadj atezo. Here we report efficacy and safety from the adj phase. Methods Eligible pts aged ≥18 y had resectable stage IB-IIIA or select IIIB NSCLC and ECOG PS of 0 or 1. Pts received neoadj atezo 1200 mg IV for ≤2 cycles (Days 1 and 22) followed by surgery (Day 40±10). Pts deemed to have clinical benefit were offered the option to receive adj atezo every 3 weeks for up to 12 months. The primary endpoint was MPR rate (≤10% viable tumor cells at surgery) in pts without EGFR/ALK mutations. Exploratory endpoints included DFS and OS. Safety was assessed during the adj phase. Results Data cutoff was Oct 21, 2022. The primary efficacy population (PEP) was 137 pts without EGFR/ALK alterations who had surgery and MPR assessment. In the PEP, 53 pts (39%) received adj atezo and 84 (61%) did not. The 3-y DFS rate was 83% with adj atezo vs 64% without (HR, 0.43; 95% CI: 0.21, 0.90; P=0.025). 3-y OS and results by MPR status are provided in the table. In the adj atezo safety population (n=57), treatment-related (TR) AEs after adj atezo occurred in 55 pts (97%; Gr 3/4, 40%), including 11 TRAEs (19%; Gr 3/4, 16%) leading to discontinuation of adj atezo. No Gr 5 TRAEs were seen in the adj phase. Multivariate analysis also showed a trend toward better DFS for pts receiving adj atezo vs those with no adj atezo (HR, 0.52; 95% CI: 0.22, 1.21; P=0.126). Conclusions This exploratory analysis revealed that LCMC3 pts with resectable stage IB-IIIA or select IIIB NSCLC who received adj atezo had improved DFS and showed a trend toward improved OS vs pts who did not receive adj atezo. Furthermore, the non-MPR subgroup had the same trend toward improved DFS and OS with adj atezo vs pts who did not receive adj atezo. Adj atezo was well tolerated, with no new safety concerns.
STereotactic Ablative RadioTherapy in NEWly Diagnosed and Recurrent Locally Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients Unfit for ConcurrEnt RAdio-Chemotherapy: Early Analysis of the START-NEW-ERA Non-Randomised Phase II Trial; Purpose: This is a single arm phase 2 trial (Clinical trials.gov NCT05291780) to assess local control (LC) and safety of SAbR in patients with unresectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) unfit for concurrent chemo-radiation therapy (ChT-RT). Methods: Neoadjuvant ChT was prescribed in fit patients. The tumor volume included primary tumor and any regionally positive node/s. The coprimary study endpoints were LC and safety. Results: Between December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2020, 50 patients with LA-NSCLC were enrolled. Histology was squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma (ADC) in 52% and 48%, respectively. Forty (80%) patients had ultracentral tumor. Twenty-seven (54%) received neoadjuvant ChT and 7 (14%) adjuvant durvalumab. Median prescribed dose was 45 Gy (range, 35-55) and 40 Gy (35-45) in 5 daily fractions to tumor and node/s, respectively. After a median follow-up of 38 months (range, 12-80), 19 (38%) patients had experienced local recurrence (LR) at a median time of 13 months (range, 7-34). The median LR-free survival (FS) was not reached (95% confidence interval [CI], 28 to not reached). The 1-, 2-, and 3-year LR-FS rates were 86% ± 5%, 66% ± 7%, and 56% ± 8%, respectively. At last follow-up, 33 (66%) patients were alive. Median overall survival (OS) was 55 months (95% CI, 43-55 months). The 1-, 2-, and 3-year OS rates were 94% ± 3%, 79% ± 6%, and 72% ± 7%, respectively. No patients developed ≥ grade (G) 3 toxicity. ADC (hazard ratio [HR], 3.61; 95% CI, 1.15-11.35) was a significant predictor of better LC, while OS was significantly conditioned by smaller planning target volumes (HR, 1.004; 95% CI, 1.001-1.010) and tumor, node, and metastasis stage (HR, 4.8; 95% CI, 1.34-17). Conclusions: Patients with LA-NSCLC treated with SABR had optimal LC and promising OS in absence of ≥G3 toxicity. Our early outcomes would suggest the feasibility of using this approach in patients with LA-NSCLC unfit for concurrent ChT-RT.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy versus chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: A protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Worldwide, lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer morbidity and mortality. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for approximately 80 to 85% of all lung cancers. Recently, a few studies have reported the use of neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. However, no meta-analysis comparing neoadjuvant immunotherapy with chemoimmunotherapy has yet been reported. We perform a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. Methods: The statement of preferred reporting items for systematic review and meta-analysis protocols will be used as guidelines for reporting the present review protocol. Original clinical randomized controlled trials assessing the beneficial effects and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC will be included. Databases searched include China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Scientific Journals Database, Wanfang Database, China Biological Medicine Database, PubMed, EMBASE Database, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. Cochrane Collaboration's tool is used to assess the risk of bias in included randomized controlled trials. All calculations are carried out with Stata 11.0 (The Cochrane Collaboration, Oxford, UK). Results: The results of this systematic review and meta-analysis will be publicly available and published in a peer-reviewed journal. Conclusion: This evidence will be useful to practitioners, patients, and health policy-makers regarding the use of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC.
The predictive value of inflammatory biomarkers for major pathological response in non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and its association with the immune-related tumor microenvironment: a multi-center study; Background: Inflammatory biomarkers in the peripheral blood have been established as predictors for immunotherapeutic efficacy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Whether they can also predict major pathological response (MPR) in neoadjuvant setting remains unclear. Methods: In this multi-center retrospective study, 122 and 92 stage I-IIIB NSCLC patients from six hospitals who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy followed by surgery were included in the discovery and external validation cohort, respectively. Baseline and on-treatment neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), derived NLR (dNLR), platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR), monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR) and systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) were calculated and associated with MPR. Furthermore, resected tumor samples from 37 patients were collected for RNA-sequencing to investigate the immune-related tumor microenvironment. Results: In both the discovery and validation cohorts, the on-treatment NLR, dNLR, PLR, and SII levels were significantly lower in the patients with MPR versus non-MPR. On-treatment SII remained an independent predictor of MPR in multivariate logistic regression analysis. The area under the curve (AUC) of on-treatment SII for predicting MPR was 0.75 (95%CI, 0.67–0.84) in the discovery cohort. Moreover, the predictive value was further improved by combining the on-treatment SII and radiological tumor regression data, demonstrating an AUC of 0.82 (95%CI, 0.74–0.90). The predictive accuracy was validated in the external cohort. Compared with the SII-high group, patients with SII-Low were associated with the activated B cell receptor signaling pathway and a higher intratumoral immune cell infiltration level. Conclusions: On-treatment SII was independently associated with MPR in NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Further prospective studies are warranted.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus nivolumab with or without ipilimumab in operable non-small cell lung cancer: the phase 2 platform NEOSTAR trial; Neoadjuvant ipilimumab + nivolumab (Ipi+Nivo) and nivolumab + chemotherapy (Nivo+CT) induce greater pathologic response rates than CT alone in patients with operable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The impact of adding ipilimumab to neoadjuvant Nivo+CT is unknown. Here we report the results and correlates of two arms of the phase 2 platform NEOSTAR trial testing neoadjuvant Nivo+CT and Ipi+Nivo+CT with major pathologic response (MPR) as the primary endpoint. MPR rates were 32.1% (7/22, 80% confidence interval (CI) 18.7–43.1%) in the Nivo+CT arm and 50% (11/22, 80% CI 34.6–61.1%) in the Ipi+Nivo+CT arm; the primary endpoint was met in both arms. In patients without known tumor EGFR/ALK alterations, MPR rates were 41.2% (7/17) and 62.5% (10/16) in the Nivo+CT and Ipi+Nivo+CT groups, respectively. No new safety signals were observed in either arm. Single-cell sequencing and multi-platform immune profiling (exploratory endpoints) underscored immune cell populations and phenotypes, including effector memory CD8+ T, B and myeloid cells and markers of tertiary lymphoid structures, that were preferentially increased in the Ipi+Nivo+CT cohort. Baseline fecal microbiota in patients with MPR were enriched with beneficial taxa, such as Akkermansia, and displayed reduced abundance of pro-inflammatory and pathogenic microbes. Neoadjuvant Ipi+Nivo+CT enhances pathologic responses and warrants further study in operable NSCLC. (ClinicalTrials.gov registration: NCT03158129.)
Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: An Overview of Treatment Options; Lung cancer is the second-most commonly diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. The most common histological type is non-small-cell lung cancer, accounting for 85% of all lung cancer cases. About one out of three new cases of non-small-cell lung cancer are diagnosed at a locally advanced stage—mainly stage III—consisting of a widely heterogeneous group of patients presenting significant differences in terms of tumor volume, local diffusion, and lymph nodal involvement. Stage III NSCLC therapy is based on the pivotal role of multimodal treatment, including surgery, radiotherapy, and a wide-ranging option of systemic treatments. Radical surgery is indicated in the case of hilar lymphnodal involvement or single station mediastinal ipsilateral involvement, possibly after neoadjuvant chemotherapy; the best appropriate treatment for multistation mediastinal lymph node involvement still represents a matter of debate. Although the main scope of treatments in this setting is potentially curative, the overall survival rates are still poor, ranging from 36% to 26% and 13% in stages IIIA, IIIB, and IIIC, respectively. The aim of this article is to provide an up-to-date, comprehensive overview of the state-of-the-art treatments for stage III non-small-cell lung cancer.
PP01.39 Infrastructure for Interobserver Variability Assessment of Pathologic Response (PR), in Surgical Resection Specimens Following Neoadjuvant Immune Check Point Inhibitor (ICI) Therapies in Early Stage NSCLC; Background: Neoadjuvant therapies have unique advantages and opportunities in lung cancer but also present some challenges; including a lack of established guidance on how to process and evaluate resected lung cancer specimens in both clinical practice and clinical trials. The IASLC provided guidance for specimen processing and is now conducting this interobserver study for PR evaluation. Methods: To determine interobserver variability for PR following neoadjuvant ICI therapy in NSCLC an entire infrastructure was required. This included a statistical plan, study identification, slide procurement from the studies, slide de-identification procedure, scoring pathologist identification, rotational plan for the slides, and an electronic scoring platform. Results: A statistical plan determined that for most plausible ranges of variance, 90 patient samples provided reasonable power and should provide a good assessment of variability across raters. It is assumed that the variance of the measurements within a subject (across raters) will be smaller than the across-subject variance. MD Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC) was selected to serve as the central lab to receive the NSCLC H&amp;E slides from 90 NSCLC patients, from 6 clinical trials: NEOSTAR, MDACC; LCMC3, Genentech; NADIM, Puerta de Hierro; MAC, Columbia University; TOP 1501, Duke University; and MEDI4736, Cornell University. An onsite lung pathologist assessed all slides, 10-15 per patient, for pathologic quality control and once confirmed, slides were de-identified and whole slides images scanned (Aperio™). Twelve expert pathologists were selected, 6 from the IASLC pathology committee and 6 from the included clinical trials, one per trial to determine the PR. A rotational structure was created so that each rater reviews 45 cases and each case is reviewed by six raters. MDACC developed an online tool (web-server secured password protected website) to capture each pathologist’s PR score and centralize pathologic data. The system allows for sample ID assignment, histology quality control, randomization, distribution shipping and tracking. Conclusion: In collaboration, the IASLC and MDACC have developed an operational workflow and web-served secured website to ensure the feasibility and success of a complex global interobserver study where 12 international pathologists evaluate PR for 90 cases from 6 clinical trials of early stage NSCLC patients treated with ICI.
PP.28 Underutilization of Systemic Therapy in Patients Undergoing Pneumonectomy: A Missed Opportunity for Survival; Introduction: Recent trials have demonstrated promising results of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy combinations in addition to surgical resection in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC). However in practice, rates of systemic therapy utilization have historically been lower than expected. This is particularly applicable to patients undergoing pneumonectomy, in which there is typically a significant disease burden but where the physiological insult of surgery may preclude adjuvant therapy. We therefore explored the utilization of systemic therapy for patients undergoing pneumonectomy. Methods: We queried the National Cancer Database(NCDB), including all patients who underwent pneumonectomy for NSCLC(2004-2017) and stratified the cohort based upon neoadjuvant therapy or upfront surgery with or without adjuvant therapy. We utilized logistic regression to identify factors associated with receipt of neoadjuvant systemic therapy and with any systemic therapy in a second model. Lastly, the survival benefit of systemic therapy was quantified with Cox regression. Results: A total of 2,619 patients were included. Among these, 314(12%) received neoadjuvant therapy. Multivariable analysis revealed that age<65(OR:1.53,95%CI 1.10-2.11), Asian ethnicity(OR:2.68,95%CI 1.37-5.23), treatment at a high volume center (OR:1.39,95%CI 1.06-1.81), and private insurance(OR:1.42,95%CI 1.05-1.94) associated with use of neoadjuvant strategy. Among patients not receiving neoadjuvant, only 1,116(48.%) received adjuvant therapy. On a separate multivariable model age <65(OR:1.95,95%CI 1.61-2.38), comorbidity index≤1 (OR:1.66,95%CI 1.29-2.16), private insurance (OR:1.47,95%CI 1.20-1.80), and surgery after 2015(OR:1.43,95%CI 1.14-1.80) were associated with the use of systemic treatment. By Cox Regression, receipt of systemic therapy was associated with markedly better survival than surgery alone (HR:0.54,95%CI 0.49-0.60). Conclusion: A high proportion of patients undergoing pneumonectomy do not receive any systemic therapy. Both patient and socioeconomic factors are associated with the receipt of systemic therapy. Given the survival benefit associated with systemic therapy compared to surgery alone, emphasis should be placed on multimodal treatment strategies, perhaps with greater consideration given to neoadjuvant approaches. [Formula presented]
The 27-gene IO score is associated with pathologic complete response (pCR) in HR+/HER2- breast cancer patients treated with pembrolizumab in the I-SPY2 Trial; Introduction Immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy is efficacious for many tumor types and has been approved in both early-stage and metastatic triple negative breast cancer. However, no such approval exists for hormone receptor positive (HR+) breast cancer (BC) which typically has a lower TMB, lower PD-L1 expression, and lower numbers of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, leaving an unmet need for a biomarker to determine ICI response. The 27-gene IO score has previously demonstrated association with response to ICI therapy in NSCLC, mUC, and TNBC but has not yet tested a cohort of HR+/HER2- breast cancer. Methods To determine the ability of the IO score to identify responders with HR+/HER- BC clinical and expression data from publicly available RNA expression data from the I-SPY2 trial were retrieved from Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) under accession number GSE194040. Expression data were normalized, combined, batch corrected, and log-transformed by the submitting institution. This left an expression matrix of 19134 genes and 988 samples for analysis as well as corresponding clinical data. Within this sample set, 40 patients were HR+/HER- and received pembrolizumab and cytotoxic chemotherapy while 64 patients comprised the control arm (chemotherapy only). Results In the I-SPY2 trial, within the 40 patients who received pembrolizumab, 12 patients achieved pCR (30%) and 19 patients were IO+ (47.5%). Of the 12 pCR patients, 9 were IO+ (75%) and of the 28 RD patients, 18 were IO- (64%), resulting in an odds ratio of 5.4 (95% CI 1.2-24.7, p< 0.03). Considering the 64 HR+/HER- patients in the paclitaxel arm, 10 achieved pCR (15.6%) and 21 were IO+ (32.8%). Of the 10 pCR patients, 5 were IO+ (50%) and of the 54 RD patients, 38 were IO- (70%), resulting in an odds ratio of 2.4 (95% CI 0.6-9.3, p>0.2). Conclusions Despite a generally low inflammatory tumor microenvironment characteristic of the HR+ BC phenotype, the IO+ group was 3x more likely to achieve pCR with the addition of pembrolizumab to chemotherapy. These data extend on previous findings in neoadjuvant treatment of TNBC and advanced colon cancer that IO score is associated with response only in the presence of ICI therapy, not in the presence of chemotherapy alone. This is the first study to demonstrate the association of IO score with pathologic complete response to immune therapy in hormone receptor positive BC.
Understanding the current therapeutic landscape for non-metastatic non-small cell lung cancer in Queensland; Introduction: Current treatment paradigms for non-metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are rapidly evolving. In addition to immunotherapy consolidation after chemoradiation, recent trials suggest benefit in the adjuvant and neoadjuvant settings. We review treatment trends in systemic therapy (ST) and examine overall survival. Method: In collaboration with our established expert Lung Cancer Quality and Safety Committee, we extracted data from Queensland Oncology Repository (QOR); a repository of demographic, diagnostic, and treatment data on Queenslanders diagnosed with cancer. The study includes people diagnosed with stage I-III NSCLC in 2011-2019. Oral ST was not included. An in-depth analysis was undertaken examining treatment trends to establish baseline patterns of ST care in Queensland. Results: 3019 stage I-III people received resection (17% of all NSCLC diagnosed in 2011-2019), of these 98 (3.2%) received neoadjuvant ST and 633 (21%) received adjuvant ST. The rate of neoadjuvant ST has fallen between 2011 (5.9%) and 2019 (2.7%), there was little difference in rates of adjuvant ST over the same period (25%-21%). Novel immunotherapy, Durvalumab, following chemoradiation in stage III has increased from 9% ( n = 14) in 2017 to 58% ( n = 78) in 2019 during clinical trials; we expect this rate would have increased as Durvalumab was PBS listed in 2020. For those who received treatment, 5 years relative survival has improved significantly from 19% in 2000 to 33% in 2019. Likely due to better staging and improved therapies. However, variations in 3-year overall survival rates remain significant across the stages considered in this study (stage I, 76%, stage II, 55%, and stage III, 33%). Contribution to policy/practice/research: The vast and readily available data through QOR has allowed for analysis of treatment trends and survival outcomes for Queenslanders diagnosed with NSCLC. This provides a foundation for ongoing monitoring, reporting and quality improvement. There are no conflicts of interest.
Multi-omics analysis unravels the underlying mechanisms of poor prognosis and differential therapeutic responses of solid predominant lung adenocarcinoma; Background: Solid predominant adenocarcinoma (SPA) has been reported to be a subtype with poor prognosis and unsatisfactory response to chemotherapy and targeted therapy in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD). However, the underlying mechanisms remain largely unknown and the suitability of immunotherapy for SPA has not been investigated. Methods: We conducted a multi-omics analysis of 1078 untreated LUAD patients with clinicopathologic, genomic, transcriptomic, and proteomic data from both public and internal cohorts to determine the underlying mechanisms of poor prognosis and differential therapeutic responses of SPA and to investigate the potential of immunotherapy for SPA. The suitability of immunotherapy for SPA was further confirmed in a cohort of LUAD patients who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy in our center. Results: Along with its aggressive clinicopathologic behaviors, SPA had significantly higher tumor mutation burden (TMB) and number of pathways altered, lower TTF-1 and Napsin-A expression, higher proliferation score and a more immunoresistant microenvironment than non-solid predominant adenocarcinoma (Non-SPA), accounting for its worse prognosis. Additionally, SPA had significantly lower frequency of therapeutically targetable driver mutations and higher frequency of EGFR/TP53 co-mutation which was related to resistance to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors, indicating a lower potential for targeted therapy. Meanwhile, SPA was enriched for molecular features associated with poor response to chemotherapy (higher chemoresistence signature score, lower chemotherapy response signature score, hypoxic microenvironment, and higher frequency of TP53 mutation). Instead, muti-omics profiling revealed that SPA had stronger immunogenicity and was enriched for positive biomarkers for immunotherapy (higher TMB and T cell receptor diversity; higher PD-L1 expression and more immune cell infiltration; higher frequency of gene mutations predicting efficacious immunotherapy, and elevated expression of immunotherapy-related gene signatures). Furthermore, in the cohort of LUAD patients who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy, SPA had higher pathological regression rates than Non-SPA and patients with major pathological response were enriched in SPA, confirming that SPA was more prone to respond to immunotherapy. Conclusions: Compared with Non-SPA, SPA was enriched for molecular features associated with poor prognosis, unsatisfactory response to chemotherapy and targeted therapy, and good response to immunotherapy, indicating more suitability for immunotherapy while less suitability for chemotherapy and targeted therapy.
Adebrelimab (SHR-1316) in Combination With Chemotherapy as Perioperative Treatment in Patients With Resectable Stage II to III NSCLCs: An Open-Label, Multicenter, Phase 1b Trial; Introduction: This study evaluated adebrelimab (a programmed death-ligand 1 antibody) plus nab-paclitaxel and carboplatin as perioperative treatment for resectable NSCLC. Methods: Eligible patients had resectable stage II to III NSCLCs without driver gene. Patients received neoadjuvant treatment with three cycles of intravenous adebrelimab (20 mg/kg on day 1), nab-paclitaxel (100 mg/m2 on days 1, 8, and 15), and carboplatin (area under the curve 5 mg/mL per min on day 1), of each 21-day cycle before surgical resection, and followed by 16 cycles of adebrelimab (20 mg/kg on day 1 in 3 wk) adjuvant treatment. The primary end point was major pathologic response (MPR) per blinded independent pathologic review. Results: A total of 37 patients were enrolled and received planned neoadjuvant therapy. There were 34 patients (91.9%) who underwent surgery. As of data cutoff on January 25, 2022, 19 of the 37 patients (51.4%, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 35.9–66.6) achieved MPR per blinded independent pathologic review and 11 patients (29.7%, 95% CI: 17.5–45.8) achieved pathologic complete response. Furthermore, 26 patients (70.3%, 95% CI: 54.2–82.5) had an objective response per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version 1.1. The 12-month event-free survival rate was 77.8% (95% CI: 54.1–90.3). In addition, 29 patients (78.4%) had grade greater than or equal to three treatment-related adverse events (AEs) and nine (24.3%) had treatment-related serious AEs. No treatment-related deaths occurred. Grade greater than or equal to three surgery-related AEs within 30 or 90 days after surgery were both reported in five patients (14.7%). Conclusions: Adebrelimab plus nab-paclitaxel and carboplatin as perioperative therapy led to a substantial proportion of MPR and high resectability, with manageable toxicities. On the basis of the phase 1b results, phase 3 trial was initiated.
Risk Factors for Refractory Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor-related Pneumonitis in Patients With Lung Cancer; Checkpoint inhibitor-related pneumonitis (CIP) is one of the most important immune checkpoint inhibitors side effects, and it is rare but fatal. Identifying patients at risk of refractory CIP before the start of CIP therapy is important for controlling CIP. We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of 60 patients with lung cancer who developed CIP. Refractory CIP was defined as CIP with poor response to corticosteroid treatment, including CIP not relieved with corticosteroid administration or CIP recurrence during the corticosteroid tapering period. We analyzed clinical characteristics, peripheral blood biomarkers, treatment, and outcomes in nonrefractory and refractory CIP. Risk factors associated with refractory CIP were assessed. Among 60 patients with CIP, 16 (26.7%) had refractory CIP. The median onset time for patients with nonrefractory and those with refractory CIP was 16.57 (interquartile range [IQR], 6.82-28.14) weeks and 7.43 (IQR, 2.71-19.1) weeks, respectively. The level of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) was significantly higher in the refractory CIP group at baseline (255 [222, 418] vs. 216 [183, 252], P=0.031) and at CIP onset (321.5 [216.75, 487.5] vs. 219 [198. 241], P=0.019). An LDH level >320 U/L at CIP onset was an independent risk factor of refractory CIP (odds ratio [OR], 8.889; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.294-61.058; P=0.026). The incidence of refractory CIP is high among patients with CIP. An increased LDH level at CIP onset is independently associated with refractory CIP. Monitoring LDH levels during immune checkpoint inhibitors treatment is recommended.
The beginning of a new era in induction treatment for operable non-small cell lung cancer: a narrative review; Background and Objective: The survival benefit of induction therapy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains controversial. Recently, the outcomes of systemic therapy for NSCLC have dramatically changed with the advent of molecular target drugs and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). The present review was conducted to investigate the outcomes of induction therapy with reference to randomized control trials (RCTs). Methods: We reviewed RCTs and ongoing clinical trials between 1990 and 2022 using relevant databases: PubMed, Web of Science, and EMBASE database. We investigated the outcomes of induction therapy. Key Content and Findings: Induction therapy was associated with longer overall survival in comparison to surgery alone in several RCTs for stage III disease. However, its benefit in early-stage (I–II) disease was unclear. Regarding induction chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy, the safety and survival outcomes did not differ between the two arms. Epidermoid growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors as induction therapy in patients with proven EGFR mutations may be a sufficient choice for the improvement of overall survival. In ongoing single arm clinical trials and a randomized control study, the administration of ICIs as induction therapy was associated with a good pathological response and satisfactory safety, which will lead to a better survival outcome. Long-term observation is needed to evaluate the toxicity and survival impact of induction therapy with ICIs. Conclusions: Induction chemotherapy and EGFR-TKIs for stage IIIA NSCLC may contribute to the improvement of survival outcomes although the effect of systemic therapy on stage I-II remains controversial. ICIs may be considered as a valuable treatment option because of their feasibility and safety for induction therapy.
Anatomic lung resection after immune checkpoint inhibitors for initially unresectable advanced-staged non-small cell lung cancer: a retrospective cohort analysis; Background: Patients with initially unresectable advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) might experience prolonged responses under immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). In this setting, Multidisciplinary Tumor Board (MTB) seldomly suggest surgical resection of the primary tumor with the ultimate goal to eradicate macroscopic residual disease. Our objective was to report the perioperative outcomes of patients who underwent anatomic lung resection in these infrequent circumstances. Methods: We set a retrospective multicentric single arm study, including all patients with advanced-staged initially unresectable NSCLC (stage IIIB to IVB) who received systemic therapy including ICIs and eventually anatomical resection of the primary tumor in 10 French thoracic surgery units from January 2016 to December 2020. Coprimary endpoints were in-hospital mortality and morbidity. Secondary endpoints were the rate of complete resection of the pulmonary disease, major pathologic response, risk factors associated with post-operative complications, and overall survival. Results: Twenty-one patients (median age 64, female 62%) were included. Eighteen patients (86%) progressed after first line chemotherapy and received second line ICI. The median time between diagnosis and surgery was 22 months [interquartile range (IQR) 18–35 months]. Minimally-invasive approach was used in 10 cases (48%), with half of these requiring conversion to open thoracotomy. Nine patients (43%) presented early post-operative complications, and one patient died from broncho-pleural fistula one month after surgery. Rates of complete resection of the pulmonary disease and major pathologic response were 100% and 43%, respectively. In univariable analysis, diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide (DLCO) was the only factor associated with the occurrence of postoperative complications (P=0.027). After a median follow-up of 16.0 months after surgery (IQR, 12.0–30.0 months), 19 patients (90%) were still alive. Conclusions: Anatomic lung resections appear to be a reasonable option for initially unresectable advanced NSCLC experiencing prolonged response under ICIs. Nonetheless, minimally invasive techniques have a low applicability and post-operative complications remains higher in patients who had lower DLCO values. The late timing of surgery may also contribute to complications.
A comparison of two methods of lymph node dissection along the left recurrent laryngeal nerve in McKeown minimally invasive esophagectomy; Background: Lymph nodes dissection in esophagectomy is an essential procedure for radical resection, which can not only provide more accurate staging but may also improve survival, while it is technically challenging and may lead to recurrent laryngeal nerve (RLN) paralysis. Numerous efforts have been directed to achieve the dissection of more LNs around the RLN and to lower the incidence of RLN palsy, including Bascule method and modified Bascule method. On this basis, we modified and applied a novel method which involves the en bloc dissection of lymph nodes dissection along the left RLN in McKeown minimally invasive esophagectomy (MIE). Methods: A total of 244 consecutive cases of lymphadenectomy along the left RLN during McKeown MIE at our institution between January 2018 and August 2021 were retrospectively analyzed. The cases were divided into two groups based on the methods of lymphadenectomy along the left RLN: 77 cases received the conventional method (CM group) and 167 cases received the novel method (NM group). The surgical outcomes, especially the impact of surgical proficiency on the outcomes of lymphadenectomy along the left RLN, were assessed and compared between the two groups. Results: Demographic data of the two cohorts were similar. The number of harvested lymph nodes (LNs) (total/abdomen/left RLN) in the NM group was markedly higher than that in the CM group (32 vs. 27, P=0.006; 11 vs. 9, P=0.038; 3 vs. 2, P=0.044). However, the number of harvested LNs from the chest or right RLN was not significantly different in the two groups. The hoarseness rate was 1.8% in the NM group, which was slightly but not notably lower than that of the CM group (1.8% vs. 2.6%, P=0.681). The incidence of LN metastasis along the left RLN was 13.9%, 15.6%, and 13.2% in the whole cohort, CM group, and NM group, respectively. Conclusions: Our novel method not only increased the number of LN dissections along left RLN but also slightly reduced the incidence of hoarseness. Therefore, this novel method of lymphadenectomy along the left RLN during McKeown MIE is safe and reliable.
Tumor regression rate, PD-L1 expression, pembrolizumab/nab-paclitaxel–based regimens, squamous cell carcinoma, and comorbidities were independently associated with efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (NCIO) is more effective than neoadjuvant immunotherapy alone for pathological response in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, but the processes for determining patient suitability for its implementation are not clear. We aimed to identify the most relevant factors and build a convenient model to select NSCLC patients who would benefit most from NCIO. Methods: We retrospectively collected the clinical data of patients with locally advanced NSCLC who received NCIO followed by surgery at our institution between January 2019 and July 2022. Results: A total of 101 eligible stage IIB-IIIC NSCLC patients were included. After NCIO, all patients successfully underwent surgical resection. A total of 46.53% (47/101) of patients achieved pathological complete response (pCR), and 70.30% (71/101) achieved major pathologic response (MPR). Tumor regression rate (adjusted odds ratio OR = 12.33), PD-L1 expression (adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 9.66), pembrolizumab/nab-paclitaxel–based regimens (adjusted OR = 4.92), and comorbidities (adjusted OR = 0.16) were independently associated with pCR rate (all P < 0.05). Tumor regression rate (adjusted OR = 8.45), PD-L1 expression (adjusted OR = 5.35), and presence of squamous cell carcinoma (adjusted OR = 7.02) were independently associated with MPR rate (all P < 0.05). We established and validated an easy-to-use clinical model to predict pCR (with an area under the curve [AUC] of 0.848) and MPR (with an AUC of 0.847). Of note, the present study showed that CD4+ T-cell count/rate and total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels in the peripheral blood of pre-NCIO patients were also significantly correlated with pathological response in univariate analyses. Conclusions: The tumor regression rate, PD-L1 expression, pembrolizumab/nab-paclitaxel–based regimens, presence of squamous cell carcinoma, and comorbidities were the main influential factors for incidence of pCR/MPR in patients with stage IIB-IIIC NSCLC in the present study. Through predictive models, we can predict who will benefit most from NCIO prior to the emergence of clinical outcomes in locally advanced NSCLC.
Open, Video- and Robot-Assisted Thoracoscopic Lobectomy for Stage II-IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: This study compares the short- and long-term outcomes of open vs robotic vs video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) lobectomy for stage II-IIIA non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Outcomes of patients with stage II-IIIA NSCLC (excluding T4 tumors) who received open and minimally invasive surgery (MIS) lobectomy in the National Cancer Database from 2010 to 2017 were assessed using propensity score-matched analysis. Results: A propensity score-matched analysis of 4652 open and 4652 MIS patients demonstrated a decreased median length of stay associated with MIS compared with open lobectomy (5 vs 6 days; P < .001). There were no significant differences in 30-day mortality, 30-day readmission, or overall survival between the open and MIS groups. A propensity score-matched analysis of 1186 VATS and 1186 robotic patients showed that compared with VATS, the robotic approach was associated with no significant differences in 30-day mortality, 30-day readmission, and overall survival. However, the robotic group had a decreased median length of stay compared with VATS (4 vs 5 days; P < .001). The conversion rate was also significantly lower for robotic compared with VATS lobectomy (8.9% vs 15.9%, P < .001). Conclusions: No significant differences were found in long-term survival between open and MIS lobectomy and between VATS and robotic lobectomy for stage II-IIIA NSCLC. However, the MIS approach was associated with a decreased length of stay compared with the open approach. The robotic approach was associated with decreased length of stay and decreased conversion rate compared with the VATS approach.
Development and validation of a radiomics-based nomogram for predicting a major pathological response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy for patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancer; Introduction: The treatment response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy varies among patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) and may have severe immune-related adverse effects. We are currently unable to accurately predict therapeutic response. We aimed to develop a radiomics-based nomogram to predict a major pathological response (MPR) of potentially resectable NSCLC to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy using pretreatment computed tomography (CT) images and clinical characteristics. Methods: A total of 89 eligible participants were included and randomly divided into training (N=64) and validation (N=25) sets. Radiomic features were extracted from tumor volumes of interest in pretreatment CT images. Following data dimension reduction, feature selection, and radiomic signature building, a radiomics-clinical combined nomogram was developed using logistic regression analysis. Results: The radiomics-clinical combined model achieved excellent discriminative performance, with AUCs of 0.84 (95% CI, 0.74-0.93) and 0.81(95% CI, 0.63-0.98) and accuracies of 80% and 80% in the training and validation sets, respectively. Decision curves analysis (DCA) indicated that the radiomics-clinical combined nomogram was clinically valuable. Discussion: The constructed nomogram was able to predict MPR to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy with a high degree of accuracy and robustness, suggesting that it is a convenient tool for assisting with the individualized management of patients with potentially resectable NSCLC.
Safety and feasibility of robotic-assisted thoracic surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the safety and feasibility of robotic-assisted thoracic surgery (RATS) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. Methods: We retrospectively collected data for NSCLC patients who received thoracic surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy from May 2020 to August 2022. Surgery details, pathological response, and perioperative outcome were compared between video-assisted thoracic surgery (VATS) group and RATS group. Inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) was used to equal the baseline characteristics. Results: A total of 220 patients were divided into 78 VATS patients and 142 RATS patients. There was no 90-day mortality in either group. RATS patients demonstrated better results in conversion rate to thoracotomy (VATS vs. RATS: 28.2% vs. 7.5%, P < 0.001), number of lymph node stations harvested (5.63 ± 1.75 vs. 8.09 ± 5.73, P < 0.001), number of lymph nodes harvested (13.49 ± 9.325 vs. 20.35 ± 10.322, P < 0.001), yield pathologic-N (yp-N) assessment (yp-N0, 88.5% vs. 67.6%; yp-N1, 7.6% vs. 12.6%; yp-N2, 3.8% vs. 19.7%; P < 0.001), and visual analog scale pain score after surgery (4.41 ± 0.93 vs. 3.77 ± 1.21, P=0.002). However, there were no significant differences in pathological response evaluation for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (P = 0.493) and complication rate (P = 0.803). After IPTW-adjustment, these results remained constant. Conclusions: RATS reduced the risk of conversion to thoracotomy, provided a better yp-N stage evaluation, and improved pain score; this suggests that RATS is safe and feasible for NSCLC patients after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer; The advent of immune checkpoint inhibition has pushed the treatment paradigm for resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) toward neoadjuvant therapy. A growing number of promising trials have examined the utility of neoadjuvant immunotherapy, both alone and in combination with other modalities such as radiation therapy (RT) and chemotherapy. The phase II LCMC3 and NEOSTAR trials demonstrated a role for neoadjuvant immunotherapy in inducing meaningful pathologic responses, and another phase II trial established the feasibility of combining neoadjuvant durvalumab with RT. Significant interest in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy resulted in the conduct of multiple successful phase II trials including the Columbia trial, NADIM, SAKK 16/14, and NADIM II. Across these trials, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy led to high rates of pathologic response and improved surgical outcomes without compromising surgical timing or feasibility. CheckMate-816, which was a randomized phase III trial studying neoadjuvant nivolumab in addition to chemotherapy, definitively established a benefit for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone for resectable NSCLC. Despite the growing literature and success of these trials, several outstanding questions remain, including the relationship between pathologic response and patient survival, the role of biomarkers such as programmed death ligand 1 and circulating tumor DNA in determining patient selection and treatment course, and the utility of additional adjuvant therapies. Longer follow-up of CheckMate-816 and other ongoing phase III trials may help address these questions. Ultimately, the complexity of managing resectable NSCLC highlights the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to patient care.
Effectiveness of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer patients: Real-world data of a retrospective, dual-center study; Background: Studying the application of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy (NICT) in the real world and evaluating its effectiveness and safety in comparison with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCT) are critically important. Methods: This study included the II-IIIB stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving NCT with or without PD-1 inhibitors and undergoing surgery after neoadjuvant treatments between January 2019 to August 2022. The clinical characteristics and treatment outcomes were retrospectively reviewed and analyzed. Results: A total of 66 patients receiving NICT and 101 patients receiving NCT were included in this study. As compared to NCT, NICT showed similar safety while not increasing the surgical difficulty. The ORR in the NICT and NCT groups was 74.2% and 53.5%, respectively, P = 0.009. A total of 44 patients (66.7%) in the NICT group and 21 patients (20.8%) in the NCT group showed major pathology response (MPR) (P <0.001). The pathology complete response (pCR) rate was also significantly higher in NICT group than that in NCT group (45.5% vs. 10.9%, P <0.001). After Propensity Score Matching (PSM), 42 pairs of patients were included in the analysis. The results showed no significant difference in the ORR between the two groups (52.3% vs. 43.2%, P = 0.118), and the proportions of MPR (76.2%) and pCR (50.0%) in NICT group were significantly higher than those of MPR (11.9%) and pCR (4.7%) in the NCT group (P <0.001). The patients with driver mutations might also benefit from NICT. Conclusions: As compared to NCT, the NICT could significantly increase the proportions of patients with pCR and MPR without increasing the operation-related bleeding and operation time.
Systematic review of the perioperative immunotherapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: evidence mapping and synthesis; Objectives: This study aimed to use evidence mapping to provide an overview of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) as perioperative treatments for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and to identify areas of this field where future research is most urgently needed. Methods: Multiple databases (PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science) were searched to identify clinical trials published up to November 2021 that examined the effect of perioperative ICIs for perioperative treatment of NSCLC. Study design, sample size, patient characteristics, therapeutic regimens, clinical stages, short-term and long-term therapeutic outcomes, surgery associated parameters, and therapeutic safety were examined. Results: We included 66 trials (3564 patients) and used evidence mapping to characterize the available data. For surgery associated outcomes, sixty-two studies (2480 patients) provided complete information regarding the use of surgery after neoadjuvant immunotherapy and data on R0 resection were available in 42 studies (1680 patients); for short-term clinical outcomes, 57 studies (1842 patients) evaluated pathologic complete response (pCR) after neoadjuvant immunotherapy and most of included studies achieved pCR in the range of 30 to 40%; for long-term clinical outcomes, 15 studies (1932 patients) reported DFS, with a median range of 17.9-53.6 months; and only a few studies reported the safety profiles of perioperative immunotherapies. Conclusion: Our evidence mapping systematically summarized the results of all clinical trials and studies that examined ICIs as perioperative treatments for NSCLC. The results indicated more studies that evaluate long-term patient outcomes are needed to provide a stronger foundation for the use of these treatments.
Identification of high-risk factors associated with mortality at 1-, 3-, and 5-year intervals in gastric cancer patients undergoing radical surgery and immunotherapy: an 8-year multicenter retrospective analysis; Background: Combining immunotherapy with surgical intervention is a prevailing and radical therapeutic strategy for individuals afflicted with gastric carcinoma; nonetheless, certain patients exhibit unfavorable prognoses even subsequent to this treatment regimen. This research endeavors to devise a machine learning algorithm to recognize risk factors with a high probability of inducing mortality among patients diagnosed with gastric cancer, both prior to and during their course of treatment. Methods: Within the purview of this investigation, a cohort of 1015 individuals with gastric cancer were incorporated, and 39 variables encompassing diverse features were recorded. To construct the models, we employed three distinct machine learning algorithms, specifically extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost), random forest (RF), and k-nearest neighbor algorithm (KNN). The models were subjected to internal validation through employment of the k-fold cross-validation technique, and subsequently, an external dataset was utilized to externally validate the models. Results: In comparison to other machine learning algorithms employed, the XGBoost algorithm demonstrated superior predictive capacity regarding the risk factors that affect mortality after combination therapy in gastric cancer patients for a duration of one year, three years, and five years posttreatment. The common risk factors that significantly impacted patient survival during the aforementioned time intervals were identified as advanced age, tumor invasion, tumor lymph node metastasis, tumor peripheral nerve invasion (PNI), multiple tumors, tumor size, carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) level, carbohydrate antigen 125 (CA125) level, carbohydrate antigen 72-4 (CA72-4) level, and H. pylori infection. Conclusion: The XGBoost algorithm can assist clinicians in identifying pivotal prognostic factors that are of clinical significance and can contribute toward individualized patient monitoring and management.
Does the number of cycles of neoadjuvant therapy affect the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer in locally advanced stage? Retrospective experience based on a single center; Background: The number of cycles of neoadjuvant therapy programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor for locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains controversial. Methods: From October 2019 to March 2022, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy followed by radical surgery for NSCLC patients with stage II–III were retrospectively reviewed in Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital. The radiologic response was assessed according to the Response Evaluation Criteria for Solid Tumors version 1.1. The major pathological response was defined as no more than 10% residual tumor. Student's t-test, chi-square test, and Mann-Whitney test were used for univariate analysis, logistic regression analysis was used for multivariate analysis. All statistical analyses were calculated by SPSS software (version 26). Results: Among 108 patients, the number of patients who received 2-cycle (2-cycle group) and more than 2-cycle (>2-cycle group) neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were 75 (69.4%) and 33 (30.6%), respectively. Compared with patients in the >2-cycle group, patients in the 2-cycle group had significantly smaller diagnostic radiological tumor size (37.0 mm vs. 49.6 mm, p = 0.022) and radiological tumor regression rate (36% vs. 49%, p = 0.007). However, no significant difference in pathological tumor regression rate was observed between patients in the 2-cycle group and >2-cycle group. Further logistic regression analysis demonstrated that the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy cycle could independently affect the radiographic response (odds ratio [OR]: 0.173, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.051–0.584, p = 0.005) but not for pathological response (OR: 0.450, 95% CI: 0.161–1.257, p = 0.127). Conclusions: For patients diagnosed with stage II–III NSCLC, the number of neoadjuvant cycles administered can significantly influence the radiographic efficacy of chemoimmunotherapy.
Profile of Nivolumab in the Treatment of Resected Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma: A Review of the Clinical Data; Esophageal cancer (EC) is the seventh most common malignancy globally. There are two main histological subtypes: esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) and esophageal adenocarcinoma. ESCC is the predominant histological type of esophageal cancer worldwide and has worse prognosis than esophageal adenocarcinoma. However, effective treatment for patients with ESCC remains limited. Moreover, the risk of recurrence remains high in patients with resectable ESCC even with perioperative multidisciplinary treatment, such as chemoradiotherapy or chemotherapy. Nivolumab, a human monoclonal immunoglobulin G4 antibody that inhibits programmed cell death protein 1, has recently been identified as a potential treatment for patients with metastatic esophageal cancer based on the results of the ATTRACTION-3 and CheckMate 648 trials. The CheckMate 577 trial showed survival benefits of postoperative nivolumab monotherapy compared with placebo in patients with resectable locally advanced esophageal cancer who did not achieve a pathological complete response after preoperative chemoradiotherapy. In this review, we discuss the data on the efficacy and safety of postoperative nivolumab and share future perspectives on immune checkpoint inhibitors as perioperative therapy for patients with locally advanced ESCC.
Postoperative hypoxaemic acute respiratory failure after neoadjuvant treatment for lung cancer: radiologic findings and risk factors; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the rate of hypoxaemic acute respiratory failure (hARF) on patients undergoing surgery for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, to describe clinical and radiological findings and to explore potential risk factors for this complication. METHODS: Retrospective review of medical records of all patients who underwent surgery for NSCLC after neoadjuvant chemotherapy at a single centre between 2014 and 2021. Computed tomography scans of patients who developed hARF were reviewed by an experienced radiologist to provide a quantitative assessment of radiologic alterations. RESULTS: The final cohort consisted of 211 patients. Major morbidity was 13.3% (28/211) and hARF was the most common major complication (n = 11, 5.2%). Postoperative mortality was 1.9% (4/211) and occurred only in patients who experienced hARF. Most patients who experienced hARF underwent major procedures, including pneumonectomy (n = 3), lobectomy with chest wall resection (n = 3), bronchial or vascular reconstructions (n = 3) and extended or bilateral resections (n = 2). Analysis of computed tomography findings revealed that crazy paving and ground glass were the most common alterations and were more represented in the non-operated lung. Male gender, current smoking status, pathologic stage III–IV and operative time resulted significant risk factors for hARF at univariable analysis (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: hARF is the main cause of major morbidity and mortality after neoadjuvant therapy and surgery for NSCLC and occurs more frequently after complex and lengthier surgical procedures. Overall, our findings suggest that operative time may represent the most important risk factor for hARF.
Pan-Immune-Inflammatory Value in Patients with Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer Undergoing Neoadjuvant Immunochemotherapy; Background: We aimed to investigate the predictive value of a systematic serum inflammation index, pan-immune-inflammatory value (PIV), in pathological complete response (pCR) of patients treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy to further promote ideal patients’ selection. Methods: The clinicopathological and baseline laboratory information of 128 NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunochem-otherapy between October 2019 and April 2022 were retrospectively reviewed. We performed least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) algorithm to screen candidate serum biomarkers for predicting pCR, which further entered the multivariate logistic regression model to determine final biomarkers. Accordingly, a diagnostic model for predicting individual pCR was established. Kaplan–Meier method was utilized to estimate curves of disease-free survival (DFS), and the Log rank test was analyzed to compare DFS differences between patients with and without pCR. Results: Patients with NSCLC heterogeneously responded to neoadjuvant immunotherapy, and those with pCR had a significant longer DFS than patients without pCR. Through LASSO and the multivariate logistic regression model, PIV was identified as a predictor for predicting pCR of patients. Subsequently, a diagnostic model integrating with PIV, differentiated degree and histological type was constructed to predict pCR, which presented a satisfactory predictive power (AUC, 0.736), significant agreement between actual and our nomogram-predicted pathological response. Conclusion: Baseline PIV was an independent predictor of pCR for NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy. A significantly longer DFS was achieved in patients with pCR rather than those without pCR; thus, the PIV-based diagnostic model might serve as a practical tool to identify ideal patients for neoadjuvant immunotherapeutic guidance.
What is the ideal endpoint in early-stage immunotherapy neoadjuvant trials in lung cancer?; Numerous clinical trials investigating neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) have been performed over the last 5 years. As the number of neoadjuvant trials increases, attention must be paid to identifying informative trial endpoints. Complete pathologic response has been shown to be an appropriate surrogate endpoint for clinical outcomes, such as event-free survival or overall survival, in breast cancer and bladder cancer, but it is less established for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The simultaneous advances reported with adjuvant ICI make the optimal strategy for early-stage disease debatable. Considering the long time required to conduct trials, it is important to identify optimal endpoints and discover surrogate endpoints for survival that can help guide ongoing clinical research. Endpoints can be grouped into two categories: medical and surgical. Medical endpoints are measures of survival and drug activity; surgical endpoints describe the feasibility of neoadjuvant approaches at a surgical level as well as perioperative attrition and complications. There are also several exploratory endpoints, including circulating tumor DNA clearance and radiomics. In this review, we outline the advantages and disadvantages of commonly reported endpoints for clinical trials of neoadjuvant regimens in NSCLC.
Multimodality Treatment of Stage IIIA/N2 NSCLC: Why Always NO to Surgery?; The highest level of evidence from prospective randomized clinical trials (PRCTs) and meta-analyses (MAs) which have asked the question about optimal treatment approach in patients with Stage IIIA/pN2 non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accumulated slowly in the past 25 years. They have mostly focused on the question of induction chemotherapy (CHT) or induction radiochemotherapy (RT-CHT) both followed by surgery and frequently compared it with exclusive RT-CHT. Seven PRCTs and five MAs which currently exist have investigated this issue. None of them showed any benefit for surgical multimodality approach over exclusive RT-CHT, except an unplanned, post-hoc analysis coming from a single PRCT, which concerned lobectomy-suitable candidates. While there are many retrospective studies which tried to identify patient subgroups favoring induction therapies followed by surgery, their results have never been reproduced even in retrospective setting. Importantly, no PRCT ever investigated potential pretreatment patient and/or tumor-related predictors favoring surgical multimodality and it remained unknown which, if any, patients may actually benefit from surgical multimodality approach. Exclusive RT-CHT achieves similar results to induction therapies followed by surgery but with less morbidity and mortality. Together with the lack of identified pretreatment predictors pointing towards surgery, they suggest that surgical bi- or trimodality approach should not be practiced outside well planned clinical trial.
Multimodality Treatment of Stage IIIA/N2 Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: When YES to Surgery; Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is comprised of a heterogeneous cohort of patient presentations that are broadly considered as “locally advanced disease,” but stage IIIA/N2 further selects a subset of this category with a potentially improved prognosis. These individuals may have ipsilateral mediastinal and/or subcarinal lymph node involvement, varying tumor size (up to 7 cm), and possible invasion of surrounding mediastinal structures. Multimodality treatment is universally accepted as the standard-of-care for their management, and historically, definitive concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT) has been the preferred paradigm. However, because it has been long recognized that long-term survival is feasible in a small but non-trivial and growing group of these patients, there has been considerable controversy about intensifying their local therapy by using surgical resection. In fact, there are some data that support improved locoregional control and hence progression-free and even overall survival with trimodality therapy potentially warranting the increase in morbidity. This chapter will focus on reviewing the published evidence supporting the incorporation of surgery into the multimodality treatment of stage IIIA/N2 NSCLC patients.
Perioperative Nivolumab and Chemotherapy in Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Approximately 20% of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receive a diagnosis of stage III disease. There is no current consensus regarding the most appropriate treatment for these patients. Methods: In this open-label, phase 2 trial, we randomly assigned patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB NSCLC to receive neoadjuvant nivolumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy (experimental group) or chemotherapy alone (control group), followed by surgery. Patients in the experimental group who had R0 resections received adjuvant treatment with nivolumab for 6 months. The primary end point was a pathological complete response (0% viable tumor in resected lung and lymph nodes). Secondary end points included progression-free survival and overall survival at 24 months and safety. Results: A total of 86 patients underwent randomization; 57 were assigned to the experimental group and 29 were assigned to the control group. A pathological complete response occurred in 37% of the patients in the experimental group and in 7% in the control group (relative risk, 5.34; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.34 to 21.23; P=0.02). Surgery was performed in 93% of the patients in the experimental group and in 69% in the control group (relative risk, 1.35; 95% CI, 1.05 to 1.74). Kaplan-Meier estimates of progression-free survival at 24 months were 67.2% in the experimental group and 40.9% in the control group (hazard ratio for disease progression, disease recurrence, or death, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.25 to 0.88). Kaplan-Meier estimates of overall survival at 24 months were 85.0% in the experimental group and 63.6% in the control group (hazard ratio for death, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.19 to 0.98). Grade 3 or 4 adverse events occurred in 11 patients in the experimental group (19%; some patients had events of both grades) and 3 patients in the control group (10%). Conclusions: In patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB NSCLC, perioperative treatment with nivolumab plus chemotherapy resulted in a higher percentage of patients with a pathological complete response and longer survival than chemotherapy alone.
Perioperative Pembrolizumab for Early-Stage Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Among patients with resectable early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), a perioperative approach that includes both neoadjuvant and adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibition may provide benefit beyond either approach alone. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, phase 3 trial to evaluate perioperative pembrolizumab in patients with early-stage NSCLC. Participants with resectable stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2 stage) NSCLC were assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive neoadjuvant pembrolizumab (200 mg) or placebo once every 3 weeks, each of which was given with cisplatin-based chemotherapy for 4 cycles, followed by surgery and adjuvant pembrolizumab (200 mg) or placebo once every 3 weeks for up to 13 cycles. The dual primary end points were event-free survival (the time from randomization to the first occurrence of local progression that precluded the planned surgery, unresectable tumor, progression or recurrence, or death) and overall survival. Secondary end points included major pathological response, pathological complete response, and safety. Results: A total of 397 participants were assigned to the pembrolizumab group, and 400 to the placebo group. At the prespecified first interim analysis, the median follow-up was 25.2 months. Event-free survival at 24 months was 62.4% in the pembrolizumab group and 40.6% in the placebo group (hazard ratio for progression, recurrence, or death, 0.58; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.46 to 0.72; P<0.001). The estimated 24-month overall survival was 80.9% in the pembrolizumab group and 77.6% in the placebo group (P=0.02, which did not meet the significance criterion). A major pathological response occurred in 30.2% of the participants in the pembrolizumab group and in 11.0% of those in the placebo group (difference, 19.2 percentage points; 95% CI, 13.9 to 24.7; P<0.0001; threshold, P=0.0001), and a pathological complete response occurred in 18.1% and 4.0%, respectively (difference, 14.2 percentage points; 95% CI, 10.1 to 18.7; P<0.0001; threshold, P=0.0001). Across all treatment phases, 44.9% of the participants in the pembrolizumab group and 37.3% of those in the placebo group had treatment-related adverse events of grade 3 or higher, including 1.0% and 0.8%, respectively, who had grade 5 events. Conclusions: Among patients with resectable, early-stage NSCLC, neoadjuvant pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy followed by resection and adjuvant pembrolizumab significantly improved event-free survival, major pathological response, and pathological complete response as compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone followed by surgery. Overall survival did not differ significantly between the groups in this analysis.
Neoadjuvant therapy in non-small cell lung cancer: basis, promise, and challenges; Introduction: Survival rates for early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remain poor despite the decade-long established standard of surgical resection and systemic adjuvant therapy. Realizing this, researchers are exploring novel therapeutic targets and deploying neoadjuvant therapies to predict and improve clinical and pathological outcomes in lung cancer patients. Neoadjuvant therapy is also increasingly being used to downstage disease to allow for resection with a curative intent. In this review, we aim to summarize the current and developing landscape of using neoadjuvant therapy in the management of NSCLC. Methods: The PubMed.gov and the ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched on 15 January 2023, to identify published research studies and trials relevant to this review. One hundred and seven published articles and seventeen ongoing clinical trials were selected, and relevant findings and information was reviewed. Results & Discussion: Neoadjuvant therapy, proven through clinical trials and meta-analyses, exhibits safety and efficacy comparable to or sometimes surpassing adjuvant therapy. By attacking micro-metastases early and reducing tumor burden, it allows for effective downstaging of disease, allowing for curative surgical resection attempts. Research into neoadjuvant therapy has necessitated the development of surrogate endpoints such as major pathologic response (MPR) and pathologic complete response (pCR) allowing for shorter duration clinical trials. Novel chemotherapy, immunotherapy, and targeted therapy agents are being tested at a furious rate, paving the way for a future of personalized systemic therapy in NSCLC. However, challenges remain that prevent further mainstream adoption of preoperative (Neoadjuvant) therapy. These include the risk of delaying curative surgical resection in scenarios of adverse events or treatment resistance. Also, the predictive value of surrogate markers of disease cure still needs robust verification. Finally, the body of published data is still limited compared to adjuvant therapy. Addressing these concerns with more large scale randomized controlled trials is needed.
Comparison of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and chemotherapy alone for resectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer: a real-world cohort study; Background: We compared the real-world efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy to chemotherapy alone in patients with stage III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Participants and methods: A total of 59 consecutive patients were finally selected and divided into two groups: the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group (n = 33) and the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy group (n = 26). The primary endpoint was disease-free survival (DFS). The secondary endpoints were pathological response, clinical response, and adverse events. All patients were followed up to collect perioperative pathology and clinical data. Results: The objective response rate (ORR), pathological complete response (pCR), and major pathological response (MPR) were significantly higher in the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy group than in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group (73.1% vs. 45.5%, 34.6% vs. 3.0%, and 65.3% vs. 15.1%, respectively; P < 0.05). There was no statistically significant difference in disease-free survival between the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and neoadjuvant chemotherapy groups (P = 0.129). Patients in the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy group had a higher rate of tumor regression than those in neoadjuvant chemotherapy group (37.0% [25 patients] vs. 29.0% [33 patients], P = 0.018). However, no discernible correlation between MPR achievement and the degree of tumor shrinkage was observed in either group (P > 0.05). The cumulative MPR rates were 42.3, 50, and 65.3% for 2, 3, and ≥ 4 cycles, respectively, in the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy group and 9.1, 12.1, and 15.1% for ≤ 2, 3, and ≥ 4 cycles, respectively, in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group. Moreover, No statistical difference was observed between the two groups regarding postoperative complications, resection range, operation time, surgical method, and extent of resection (P > 0.05). Although the incidence of grades III–IV adverse events was higher in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy group than in the neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy group (33.3% vs. 4.6%, P = 0.042), there was no significant difference in the incidence of adverse events between the two groups (64.6% vs. 83.6%, P = 0.072). Conclusion: In stage III NSCLC, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy achieved higher pathological and clinical remission rates than chemotherapy alone, with compromising safety, making it an attractive choice for neoadjuvant therapy.
Induction PD-1 inhibitor toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy and consolidation toripalimab for bulky locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: protocol for a randomized phase II trial (InTRist study); Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have revolutionized the treatment landscape for locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC), whereas responses to anti-programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) or anti-programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) are heterogeneous. Though consolidation ICI following concurrent chemoradiotherapy (cCRT) improves survival of NSCLC, this regimen is challenging for patients with bulky tumors due to excessive target volumes and radiation-resistant hypoxia during upfront cCRT, leading to higher risk of pneumonitis and inferior local-regional control. Recent trials have demonstrated neoadjuvant ICI brought greater benefit to stage III than stage I-II NSCLC. Our previous study also supported the therapeutic advantage of 2-cycle induction ICI for patients with bulky unresectable stage III NSCLC. In the context of induction immunotherapy, radiotherapy is more likely to exert immune synergistic effects, reverse anti-PD-1 resistance, and activate abscopal immune responses. Prospective trials to determine the efficacy and safety of induction ICI for bulky LA-NSCLC are necessary. Methods: This randomized, open-label, two-arm phase II study aims to explore whether 2 cycles of induction anti-PD-1 toripalimab plus chemotherapy can improve progression-free survival (PFS) in bulky LA-NSCLC. Bulky tumors are defined as primary lesion ≥5 cm in greatest dimension or metastatic lymph nodes ≥2 cm in shortest diameter. A total of 50 patients with bulky unresectable stage III NSCLC will be recruited and 1:1 randomized into the experimental arm: 2-cycle induction PD-1 inhibitor toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by cCRT and consolidation toripalimab; or control arm: 2-cycle induction chemotherapy followed by cCRT and consolidation toripalimab. Patients are stratified by pathology (squamous versus non-squamous). The primary endpoint is PFS. Secondary endpoints are overall survival, overall response rate, disease control rate, duration of response, and incidence of adverse events. Exploratory analyses include PD-L1 expression and liquid biopsy-based biomarker testing, tumor microenvironment profiling at single-cell levels, and quality-of-life assessments. Discussion: The InTRist study is the first randomized phase II trial to investigate the feasibility of induction anti-PD-1 toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by cCRT and consolidation toripalimab in bulky LA-NSCLC, providing novel evidence for the synergistic strategy combining anti-PD-1 blockade with radiotherapy to prolong immunotherapy benefits, overcome resistance, and enhance abscopal immune response. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT05888402.
PERIOPERATIVE IMMUNOTHERAPY FOR NSCLC; Neoadjuvant immunotherapy provides an early opportunity to treat micrometastatic disease and enhances the immune response when bulk tumor and tumor antigens are still present during the treatment. The major pathologic response (MPR) of neoadjuvant immunotherapy ranged up to 45% when used alone, and up to 83-86% when used in combination with chemotherapy. CheckMate816 is a phase III randomized trial designed to evaluate 3 cycles of neoadjuvant nivolumab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy in patients with stage IB to IIIA resectable NSCLC. The primary end points were event-free survival (EFS) and pathological complete response (pCR). Nivolumab plus chemotherapy significantly improved the pCR compared with chemotherapy alone [24% vs. 2.2%; odds ratio (OR) = 13.94; P<0.0001]. The median EFS was 31.6 months in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy group and 20.8 months in the chemotherapy alone group [hazard ratio (HR): 0.63; P<0.005]. The percentage of patients with a MPR was higher with nivolumab plus chemotherapy (36.9% vs. 8.9%; OR: 5.70). At the first prespecified interim analysis, the HR for death was 0.57 and did not meet the criterion for significance. Grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 33.5% of the patients in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy group and in 36.9% of those in the chemotherapy alone group. In the adjuvant setting, two phase III studies announced positive results. IMpower010 randomized, open-label, phase III study included patients with stage IB to IIIA NSCLC (as per the 7th edition of the UICC/ AJCC staging system). Patients were randomly assigned to receive atezolizumab (up to 16 cycles) or best supportive care (BSC) after complete resection and adjuvant chemotherapy. Atezolizumab significantly improved disease-free survival (DFS) in stage II-IIIA patients with programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) was expressed on 1% or more of tumor cells (HR: 0.66; P=0 0039) with 3-year DFS rate of 60% in the treatment arm compared with 48.2% in the BSC arm, meeting one of its endpoints of this study. At 5 years the overall survival rate was 84,8% for stage II-IIIA and PD-L1 expression of at least 50% versus 67,5% in control arm. The randomized, triple-blind phase III study KEYNOTE-091 evaluated the efficacy of adjuvant pembrolizumab (18 cycles) versus placebo after R0 resection (adjuvant chemotherapy was not mandatory) in treating stage IB to IIIA NSCLC (as per the 7th edition of the UICC/AJCC staging system). The dual primary endpoints were DFS in overall population and that of patients with high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%]. Pembrolizumab was found to significantly improve DFS in the overall population, with a median DFS of 53.6 months, which was significantly superior to that in the placebo group (median DFS 42.0 months; HR 0.76; P=0.0014). For patients with high PD-L1 expression pembrolizumab showed a favorable trend, but the pre-specified statistical difference was not reached. Safety profiles are as expected with no new safety signals. The OS data is not yet mature.
Efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Several studies have been conducted to confirm the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. However, the effects and safety of different types of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) and drug combinations are still uncertain due to the limited results published. Furthermore, a discussion of possible biomarkers needs to be put on the agenda. Consequently, an analysis of the latest research is urgently needed. Methods: PubMed, OVID, Cochrane Library, and international conferences up to October 1, 2021, were searched. Radiologic outcomes [objective response rate (ORR)], pathologic outcomes [major pathological response (MPR), pathological complete response (pCR)], surgical outcomes [surgical resection rate, R0 surgical resection rate (R0 rate), the incidence of surgical complications, surgical delay rate], and adverse events [treatment-related adverse event (TRAE), 3–5 grade TRAE] were extracted. Possible biomarkers in connection with pathologic response were also explored. Results: Our study contained 19 trials, with 859 patients included. The efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy was higher than neoadjuvant chemotherapy published earlier. In subgroup analysis, the combined strategy (immunotherapy plus chemotherapy) exhibited better performance. Compared with immunotherapy alone, combined treatment performed better in ORR (64.8% vs. 11.9%), MPR (64.1% vs. 23.6%), and pCR (35.4% vs. 5.2%) though with more adverse events. Programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) inhibitor was associated with fairly higher effectiveness (ORR: 43.1% vs. 32.0%) and lower incidence of 3–5 grade TRAE [14.1%; 95% confidence interval (CI), 5.1–26.6%] compared with programmed cell death protein ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitor (27.0%; 95% CI, 0–89.8%). The rate of MPR in the PD-L1 positive group was significantly higher [relative risk (RR) =1.56; 95% CI, 1.06–2.29]. High-expression group also performed well (RR =3.38; 95% CI, 1.20–9.52). When we compared the group with objective response and the group without objective response, RR reached 3.19 (95% CI, 2.17–4.69), indicating ORR was probably in connection with MPR as well. We found no significant results in other factors such as smoking status, histological type, gender, and clinical stage. Similar results were found in patients with pCR. Conclusions: Our study further confi rmed that neoadj uvant i mmunotherapy combi ned wi th chemotherapy had preferable efficacy and acceptable safety. Based on combined therapy, applying PD-1 inhibitor were preferred in clinical practice. Furthermore, our study proved that PD-L1 expression level may be the possible biomarker in connection with the pathologic response of either MPR or pCR.
Lung Cancer Resection after Immunochemotherapy Versus Chemotherapy in Oligometastatic Nonsmall Cell Lung Cancer; Background Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy is currently being tested in pivotal trials for stage I to III nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The impact of immunochemotherapy in patients with oligometastatic disease (OMD) remains undefined. This study aimed to compare the outcomes of radical treatment after the neoadjuvant course of immunochemotherapy versus chemotherapy. Methods We retrospectively analyzed patients with OMD who were treated with immunochemotherapy or chemotherapy combined with local ablation of metastases and radical primary tumor resection between 2017 and 2021. Group A included eight patients with immunochemotherapy; Group B included seven patients with chemotherapy. Descriptive statistical analysis included the characteristics of the patients, tumors, and outcomes. Results There was no difference in postoperative morbidity rates between the groups (p = 0.626). The 30-day mortality in both groups was 0%. The median overall survival for Group A was not reached, with a median follow-up time of 25 (range: 13-35) months; the median overall survival for Group B was 26 (range: 5-53) months. In Group A, all patients remained alive; in contrast, in Group B, four patients died (p = 0.026). There was no local thoracic recurrence in either group. In Group B, the recurrent disease was identified significantly more often (12.5 vs. 85.75%; p = 0.009). The rates of complete and major pathologic response were 37.5 and 0% in Group A and 42.85 and 14.25% in Group B, respectively. Conclusion Despite the small patient number and short-term results, the progression-free and overall survival in patients with OMD after local therapy for metastases and primary tumor resection following a neoadjuvant course of immunochemotherapy might be promising compared with chemotherapy.
Image analysis reveals molecularly distinct patterns of TILs in NSCLC associated with treatment outcome; Despite known histological, biological, and clinical differences between lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) and squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC), relatively little is known about the spatial differences in their corresponding immune contextures. Our study of over 1000 LUAD and LUSC tumors revealed that computationally derived patterns of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) on H&E images were different between LUAD (N = 421) and LUSC (N = 438), with TIL density being prognostic of overall survival in LUAD and spatial arrangement being more prognostically relevant in LUSC. In addition, the LUAD-specific TIL signature was associated with OS in an external validation set of 100 NSCLC treated with more than six different neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimens, and predictive of response to therapy in the clinical trial CA209-057 (n = 303). In LUAD, the prognostic TIL signature was primarily comprised of CD4+ T and CD8+ T cells, whereas in LUSC, the immune patterns were comprised of CD4+ T, CD8+ T, and CD20+ B cells. In both subtypes, prognostic TIL features were associated with transcriptomics-derived immune scores and biological pathways implicated in immune recognition, response, and evasion. Our results suggest the need for histologic subtype-specific TIL-based models for stratifying survival risk and predicting response to therapy. Our findings suggest that predictive models for response to therapy will need to account for the unique morphologic and molecular immune patterns as a function of histologic subtype of NSCLC.
Long-term survival of patients with central or > 7 cm T4 N0/1 M0 non-small-cell lung cancer treated with definitive concurrent radiochemotherapy in comparison to trimodality treatment; Background: To examine long-term-survival of cT4 cN0/1 cM0 non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients undergoing definitive radiochemotherapy (ccRTx/CTx) in comparison to the trimodality treatment, neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy followed by surgery, at a high volume lung cancer center. Methods: All consecutive patients with histopathologically confirmed NSCLC (cT4 cN0/1 cM0) with a curative-intent-to-treat ccRTx/CTx were included between 01.01.2001 and 01.07.2019. Mediastinal involvement was excluded by systematic EBUS-TBNA or mediastinoscopy. Following updated T4-stage-defining-criteria initial staging was reassessed by an expert-radiologist according to UICC-guidelines [8th edition]. Outcomes were compared with previously reported results from patients of the same institution with identical inclusion criteria, who had been treated with neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy and resection. Factors for treatment selection were documented. Endpoints were overall-survival (OS), progression-free-survival (PFS), and cumulative incidences of isolated loco-regional failures, distant metastases, secondary tumors as well as non-cancer deaths within the first year. Results: Altogether 46 consecutive patients with histopathologically confirmed NSCLC cT4 cN0/1 cM0 [cN0 in 34 and cN1 in 12 cases] underwent ccRTx/CTx after induction chemotherapy (iCTx). Median follow-up was 133 months. OS-rates at 3-, 5-, and 7-years were 74.9%, 57.4%, and 57.4%, respectively. Absolute OS-rate of ccRTx/CTx at 5 years were within 10% of the trimodality treatment reference group (Log-Rank p = 0.184). The cumulative incidence of loco-regional relapse was higher after iCTx + ccRT/CTx (15.2% vs. 0% at 3 years, p = 0.0012, Gray’s test) while non-cancer deaths in the first year were lower than in the trimodality reference group (0% vs 9.1%, p = 0.0360, Gray’s test). None of the multiple recorded prognostic parameters were significantly associated with survival after iCTx + ccRT/CTx: Propensity score weighting for adjustment of prognostic factors between iCTx + ccRT/CTx and trimodality treatment did not change the results of the comparisons. Conclusions: Patients with cT4 N0/1 M0 NSCLC have comparable OS with ccRTx/CTx and trimodality treatment. Loco-regional relapses were higher and non-cancer related deaths lower with ccRTx/CTx. Definitive radiochemotherapy is an adequate alternative for patients with an increased risk of surgery-related morbidity.
The effect of neoadjuvant therapy on PD-L1 expression and CD8+lymphocyte density in non-small cell lung cancer; PD-L1 expression is the routine clinical biomarker for the selection of patients to receive immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the application and best timing of immunotherapy in the resectable setting is still under investigation. We aimed to study the effect of chemotherapy on PD-L1 expression and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs), which is to date still poorly understood. Our retrospective, single-centre neoadjuvant cohort comprised 96 consecutive patients with NSCLC resected 2000–2016 after neoadjuvant therapy, including paired diagnostic chemo-naïve specimens in 53 cases. A biologically matched surgical cohort of 114 primary resected cases was included. PD-L1 expression, CD8 + TILs density and tertiary lymphoid structures were assessed on whole slides and correlated with clinico-pathological characteristics and survival. Seven/53 and 12/53 cases had lower respectively higher PD-L1 expressions after neoadjuvant therapy. Most cases (n = 34) showed no changes in PD-L1 expression, the majority of these harboring PD-L1 < 1% in both samples (21/34 [61.8%]). Although CD8 + TILs density was significantly higher after chemotherapy (p = 0.031) in resections compared to diagnostic biopsies, this might be due to sampling and statistical bias. No difference in PD-L1 expression or CD8 + TILs density was detected when comparing the neoadjuvant and surgical cohort. In univariable analyses, higher CD8 + TILs density, higher numbers of tertiary lymphoid structures but not PD-L1 expression were significantly associated with longer survival. Increased PD-L1 expression after neoadjuvant chemotherapy was not significantly associated with shorter 5-year survival, but the number of cases was very low. In multivariable analysis, only pT category and age remained independent prognostic factors. In summary, PD-L1 expression was mostly unchanged after neoadjuvant chemotherapy compared to diagnostic biopsies. The sample size of cases with changed PD-L1 expression was too small to draw conclusions on any prognostic value.
Induction immune-checkpoint inhibitors for resectable oncogene-mutant NSCLC: A multicenter pooled analysis; Despite limited efficacy of immunotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with driver mutations, whether neoadjuvant immunotherapy could be clinically valuable in those patients warrants further investigation. We utilized 40 oncogene-mutant NSCLC treated with induction immunotherapy from a large consecutive multicenter cohort. Overall response rate was 62.5% while 2 patients had disease progression. Of 39 patients that received surgery, R0 resection rate was 97.4%. The major pathological response (MPR) rate was 37.5% and the pathological complete response (pCR) rate was 12.5%. Pre-treatment PD-L1 expression was not a predictive biomarker in these patients. Median disease-free survival for all oncogenic mutation and EGFR mutation was 28.5 months. Indirect comparison through integrating CTONG1103 cohort showed neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy yielded the most superior efficacy among erlotinib and chemotherapy for resectable EGFR-mutant NSCLC. No MPR patients were identified with neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for uncommon EGFR insertion or point mutations. Our results indicated the potential clinical feasibility of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for resectable localized oncogene-mutant NSCLC especially for EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
Immune-related histologic phenotype in pretreatment tumour biopsy predicts the efficacy of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 treatment in squamous lung cancer; Background: Although neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 immunotherapies have shown good efficacy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, there is still a lack of effective predictive markers. We aimed to develop a pretreatment histologic scoring system to predict the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Methods: One hundred forty NSCLC cases were evaluated in this study. Initially, surgical specimens from 31 squamous cell lung cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 therapy and their eligible paired pretreatment biopsies were used for pathologic evaluation and developing the pretreatment scoring system, immune-related histologic phenotype assessment criteria (irHPC). Three trained pathologists independently scored the haematoxylin-eosin (HE) slides of the pretreatment tumour biopsies according to irHPC. The follow-up was from 07 March 2018 to 31 December 2021, mainly focusing on disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). Second, 109 biopsies of lung squamous cell carcinoma were evaluated to explore the relationship between eosinophils and PD-L1 expression. Results: Superior 2-year DFS rates and 2-year OS rates were observed in patients who achieved major pathologic response (MPR) (MPR vs. non-MPR: 92.9% vs. 78.6%; 100.0% vs. 93.3%). Whether necrosis was included in the calculation of the per cent of residual viable tumour (%RVT) or not had almost no effect on the consistency of pathologic assessment and the histological response grouping. The interpathologist variability in assessing %RVT with immune-activated phenotype was not statistically significant (P = 0.480). Four immune-related features of pretreatment biopsies were included for calculating the predictive score. The trained pathologist accurately predicted most cases according to irHPC. For interobserver reproducibility using “2 points” as the cutoff, the overall per cent agreement was 77.8%. The reliability between pathologists for a binary tumour evaluation showed “moderate” agreement (κ = 0.54). Patients with scores ≥ 2 points tended to have better 2-year DFS rates and 2-year OS rates than those with scores < 2 points (85.7% vs. 71.4%; 100.0% vs. 87.5%). Conclusions: The irHPC scoring system reflecting the preexisting immune response could be used to predict pathologic response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy, possibly further predicting the long-term prognosis, but larger trials are needed for verification.
Deep learning for predicting major pathological response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: A multicentre study; Background: This study, based on multicentre cohorts, aims to utilize computed tomography (CT) images to construct a deep learning model for predicting major pathological response (MPR) to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and further explore the biological basis under its prediction. Methods: 274 patients undergoing curative surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for NSCLC at 4 centres from January 2019 to December 2021 were included and divided into a training cohort, an internal validation cohort, and an external validation cohort. ShuffleNetV2x05-based features of the primary tumour on the CT scans within the 2 weeks preceding neoadjuvant administration were employed to develop a deep learning score for distinguishing MPR and non-MPR. To reveal the underlying biological basis of the deep learning score, a genetic analysis was conducted based on 25 patients with RNA-sequencing data. Findings: MPR was achieved in 54.0% (n = 148) patients. The area under the curve (AUC) of the deep learning score to predict MPR was 0.73 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.58–0.86) and 0.72 (95% CI: 0.58–0.85) in the internal validation and external validation cohorts, respectively. After integrating the clinical characteristic into the deep learning score, the combined model achieved satisfactory performance in the internal validation (AUC: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.64–0.89) and external validation cohorts (AUC: 0.75, 95% CI: 0.62–0.87). In the biological basis exploration for the deep learning score, a high deep learning score was associated with the downregulation of pathways mediating tumour proliferation and the promotion of antitumour immune cell infiltration in the microenvironment. Interpretation: The proposed deep learning model could effectively predict MPR in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Funding: This study was supported by National Key Research and Development Program of China, China (2017YFA0205200); National Natural Science Foundation of China, China (91959126, 82022036, 91959130, 81971776, 81771924, 6202790004, 81930053, 9195910169, 62176013, 8210071009); Beijing Natural Science Foundation, China (L182061); Strategic Priority Research Program of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China (XDB38040200); Chinese Academy of Sciences, China (GJJSTD20170004, QYZDJ-SSW-JSC005); Shanghai Hospital Development Center, China (SHDC2020CR3047B); and Science and Technology Commission of Shanghai Municipality, China (21YF1438200).
PEOPLE (NCT03447678), a first-line phase II pembrolizumab trial, in negative and low PD-L1 advanced NSCLC: clinical outcomes and association with circulating immune biomarkers; Background: The PEOPLE trial aimed to identify new immune biomarkers in negative and low programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) (0%-49%) advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (aNSCLC) patients treated with first-line pembrolizumab. Here we report the main outcomes and the circulating immune biomarkers analysis. Patients and methods: The primary endpoint of this phase II trial was the identification of immune biomarkers associated with progression-free survival (PFS). Overall survival (OS), objective response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), duration of response (DoR) and safety were secondary endpoints. Absolute cell counts for 36 subsets belonging to innate and adaptive immunity were determined by multiparametric flow cytometry in peripheral blood at baseline and at first radiologic evaluation. An orthoblique principal components–based clustering approach and multivariable Cox regression model adjusted for clinical variables were used to analyze immune variables and their correlation with clinical endpoints. Results: From May 2018 to October 2020, 65 patients were enrolled. After a median follow-up of 26.4 months, the median PFS was 2.9 months [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.8-5.6 months] and median OS was 12.1 months (95% CI 8.7-17.1 months). The ORR was 21.5%, DCR was 47.7% and median DoR was 14.5 months (95% CI 6.4-24.9 months). Drug-related grade 3-4 adverse events were 9.2%. Higher T cell and natural killer (NK) cell count at baseline and at the first radiologic evaluation were associated with improved PFS, DCR and OS. On the contrary, higher myeloid cell count at baseline or at the first radiologic evaluation was significantly associated with worse OS and DCR. Conclusions: Circulating immune biomarkers can contribute to predict outcomes in negative and low PD-L1 aNSCLC patients treated with first-line single-agent pembrolizumab.
56O A randomized, controlled, multicenter phase II trial of camrelizumab combined with albumin-bound paclitaxel and cisplatin as neoadjuvant treatment in resectable stage IIIA and IIIB (T3N2) non-small-cell lung cancer; Background: Resectable NSCLC with neoadjuvant chemotherapy(CT) has favourable outcomes. However, with few neoadjuvant immunotherapy trials, detailed information on patients(pts) with resectable stage IIIA and IIIB(T3N2) NSCLC is available. Camrelizumab(Cam), a PD-1 antibody, has shown a survival benefit in patients with advanced NSCLC. However, the antitumor activity and safety of Cam plus CT in the neoadjuvant setting is unknown. Here, we report the final analysis from this multi-center, open-label, randomized controlled phase II trial. Methods: Stage IIIA or IIIB(T3N2) resectable NSCLC were randomized (1:1) to receive Cam, albumin-bound paclitaxel (ab-Pac) and platinum, or ab-Pac plus platinum of a 21-day cycle for 3 cycles(n=47 each). Definitive surgery was to be performed within 4∼6 weeks of treatment. The primary endpoint was pCR. Secondary endpoints included MPR, ORR, DFS by RECIST 1.1, and safety. Results: From 3/2020 to 9/2022, 94 pts were enrolled and randomly assigned (n=47 each), and 88 pts received neoadjuvant treatment (43 in Cam+CT and 45 in CT). The patient characteristics of both arms were well balanced in the full analysis(FAS). In Cam+CT, 42 pts completed neoadjuvant therapy and efficacy evaluation, among of which 40 had underwent surgery, and in CT, 45 pts completed neoadjuvant therapy and efficacy evaluation, of which 42 underwent surgery. Neoadjuvant Cam+CT significantly increased the pCR rate compared to chemo in the FAS (32.56% vs 8.89%, P =0.0079). Cam+CT also improved MPR rates vs chemo in the FAS (15.56% vs 65.12%), as well as ORR (53.33% vs 72.09%), and 1-year DFS achieved 93.243% and 81.377% respectively. Adverse events (AEs) of the two arms were similar, except reactive cutaneous capillary endothelial proliferation (44.19%; grade 1-2) in the Cam+CT arm. No AEs beyond expectation or of grade 3-5 were reported. Conclusions: This updated analysis confirms the superiority of the chemo-immuno combination in patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB(T3N2) NSCLC in terms of pCR, with a moderate increase in grade 3-5 toxicity. Thus, this treatment should become the standard of care in these patients. Clinical trial identification: NCT04338620. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Toripalimab plus chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC (RENAISSANCE study): A single-arm, phase II trial; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy have a promising efficacy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy for stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Methods: Pts with stage IIB-IIIB, wildtype EGFR/ALK NSCLC, ECOG PS 0-1 were eligible. All pts received 2-4 cycles of toripalimab (240mg, q3w) plus double platinum-based chemotherapy. All pts were assessed by imaging/surgical indication after 2 cycles of treatment. Pts who cannot undergo surgery will be reassessed after another 1-2 cycles of neoadjuvant therapy. Primary endpoints were major pathological response (MPR), complete pathological response (pCR). Secondary endpoints were objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate and safety. Results: A total of 81 pts (median age: 62, IQR: 45-76; female: 7, 8.6%, squamous cell carcinoma: 63, 77.8%) were enrolled since Dec 2020. Disease distribution in stage IIB, IIIA and IIIB consisted of 27, 41 and 13 pts, respectively. 16 pts were in the preoperative stage or unsuitable for surgery. 65 pts underwent R0 resection. 42 pts (42/65, 64.6%) achieved MPR, including 31 pts (31/65, 47.7%) with pCR. 62 pts received 2 or 3 cycles of treatment, and no significant difference in MPR or pCR rate was observed between 2 and 3 cycles of treatment (32/48, 66.7% vs 8/14, 57.1%, p=0.512; 25/48, 52.1% vs 5/14, 35.7%, p=0.281). After 2 cycles of treatment, the primary tumor shranked significantly with a -40% (IQR: -100%, +25%) median regression rate, and tended to flatten with a -4.63% (IQR: -21.54%, +21.15%) median regression rate after another 1-2 cycles. Among 31 pts who underwent imaging evaluation again after 2-cycle treatment assessment, 19 pts (19/31, 61.3%) still had tumor regression. 10 pts of these (10/19, 52.6%) received 3-4 cycles of treatment, and 9 pts (9/19, 47.4%) did not receive further treatment and continued regression was also observed. 69 pts (69/81, 85.2%) experienced TRAEs. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant toripalimab and chemotherapy is a promising treatment for pts with stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Continued tumor regression after chemoimmunotherapy is not uncommon, and it is not entirely dependent on further cycles of neoadjuvant therapy. Clinical trial identification: NCT04606303. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy as neoadjuvant therapy for stage IIIA-IIIB(N2) potentially resectable squamous non-small-cell lung cancer (TACT); Background: Recently, multiple clinical trials demonstrated neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is a promising treatment option for resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, there is still limited evidence for using chemoimmunotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment in potentially resectable stage III squamous NSCLC. TACT (NCT05024266) is a phase II, open label, single arm trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of tislelizumab(Tis) plus chemotherapy(CT) as neoadjuvant treatment for potentially resectable stage IIIA-IIIB(N2) squamous NSCLC. Methods: Treatment-naive adults confirmed clinical stage IIIA-IIIB (AJCC 8th), potentially resectable squamous NSCLC and ECOG PS 0-1 were eligible. Patients(pts) intravenously received Tis (200mg d1) + Albumin-bound paclitaxel (260mg/m2 d1) + Carboplatin (AUC 5 d1), Q3W for 2-4 cycles before surgery and 0-2 cycles post surgery (totally 4 cycles). The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR) rate and safety. Secondary endpoints included pathologic complete response (pCR) rate, R0 resection rate, overall response rate (ORR), median disease-free survival (DFS) and median overall survival (OS). Exploratory endpoints included biomarkers analysis. Results: Between September 13, 2021 and May 17, 2022, 35 pts (median age: 65, IQR: 48-78; male: 100%; stage IIIB disease:17%; TPS PD-L1≥1% (22C3): 67.9%, 19/28) were enrolled. After 2-4 cycles of neoadjuvant treatment, 32 pts underwent surgical resection and all of them achieved R0 resection. 23 pts (71.9%) achieved MPR (95% CI, 53.3-86.3) and 11 pts (34.4%) achieved pCR (95% CI, 18.6-53.2). 31 pts(96.9%) had pathological downstaging (95% CI, 83.8-99.9) and no major surgical complications were observed. ORR was 88.6% (95% CI,73.3-96.8). DFS and OS data was immature. One patient (2.9%) experienced grade 3 immune-related hepatitis. No grade 4-5 adverse events were reported. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant Tis with CT was feasible and safe for pts with potentially resectable stage IIIA-IIIB(N2) squamous NSCLC. Ongoing analysis of predictive biomarker on efficacy and safety will be available in the future meeting. Clinical trial identification: NCT05024266. First Posted: August 27, 2021. Legal entity responsible for the study: Jianzhen Shan. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Phase II study of neoadjuvant concurrent chemo-immuno-radiation therapy followed by surgery and adjuvant immunotherapy for resectable stage IIIA-B N2 non-small cell lung cancer: SQUAT trial (WJOG 12119L); Background: Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (CheckMate 816 regimen) has become a standard of care in treatment of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients in some countries. Addition of radiation therapy (RT) may further improve local control in locally advanced NSCLC patients. Here, we report the primary endpoint, major pathologic response (MPR), of the SQUAT trial (WJOG 12119L, JapicCTI- 195069)-a multicenter, prospective, single-arm, phase II trial of neoadjuvant concurrent chemo-immuno-radiation therapy followed by surgical resection and adjuvant immunotherapy for resectable stage IIIA-B N2 NSCLC. Methods: Patients with resectable stage IIIA-B N2 NSCLC received concurrent chemoradiotherapy [weekly paclitaxel (40 mg/m2)/carboplatin (AUC 2) for 5 weeks plus involved-field RT 50 Gy] and immunotherapy [durvalumab (1500 mg) Q4W for 2 cycles] followed by surgical resection and adjuvant immunotherapy (durvalumab for up to 1 year). The primary endpoint was MPR rate according to an independent central review (ICR). We assumed the threshold of the MPR rate to be 40% and the expected rate to be 65% with a significance level α=0.05 (one-sided) and power 0.8. The sample size was 31 patients, including the 10% ineligible patients. Results: Between Jan 2020 and Feb 2022, 31 patients were enrolled from 10 institutions in Japan. Thirty-one patients were evaluated for safety, and 30 patients for efficacy. Of 30 patients (median age, 64 years), 70% and 63% had clinical stage IIIA and non-squamous histology, respectively. The MPR and pathological complete response (pCR) rates by ICR were 63% (90% CI, 47-78, 95% CI, 44-80) and 20% (95% CI, 8-39), respectively. Complete resection was not performed due to adverse events (2 pts) and disease progression (3 pts). Among 25 patients who received complete resection, the MPR and pCR rates were 76% (95% CI, 55-91) and 24% (95% CI, 9-45), respectively. No 30-day postoperative mortality was reported. Conclusions: The primary endpoint of MPR rate was met in SQUAT trial. This result suggests that this treatment strategy is promising for resectable stage IIIA-B N2 NSCLC. Clinical trial identification: JapicCTI-195069. Legal entity responsible for the study: WJOG (West Japan Oncology Group). Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: T. Miyoshi: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. A. Hamada: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Chugai, Ono Pharmaceuticals; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. J. Soh: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Ethicon, Covidien, Intutive; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. A. Hata: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: MSD, Eli Lilly, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Eli Lilly, Chugai, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim. Y. Yatabe: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD, Chugai-pharma, AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Thermo Fisher Science, ArcherDx, Novartis, Elli-Lily, Daiichi Sankyo, Jansen-Pharma, Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Thermo Fisher Science, ArcherDx, AstraZeneca. J. Suzuki: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. M. Tsuboi: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Lecture: Johnson & Johnson Japan; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Lectures, Advisory boards: AstraZeneca KK, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd, MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Lectures: Eli Lilly Japan, Bristol Myers Squibb KK, Teijin Pharma, Taiho Pharma, Medtronic Japan, ONO Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Advisory boards: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Daiichi Sankyo company limited, MSD, AstraZeneca, Novartis; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Beohringer-Ingelheim Japan, MSD, AstraZeneca KK, Ono Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd, Bristol Myers Squibb KK, Novartis; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Eli Lilly Japan. H. Horinouchi: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, BMS/ONO, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Roche/Chugai, Novartis, Pfizer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Kyowa-Kirin, Nihon Kayaku, AbbVie, Roche/Chugai; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, BMS/ONO, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Roche/Chugai, Amgen, Nihon Kayaku; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Roche/Chugai, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Daiichi Sankyo, ONO pharmaceutical, AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: AbbVie. I. Yoshino: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. T. Masayuki: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. S. Toyooka: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Chugai, Taiho, Ono Pharmaceuticals, Kyorin, Daiichi Sankyo, Medtronic, Johnson and Johnson; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Kyorin; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Illumina, Eurofins, Taiho, Chugai, Eli Lilly, AstraZeneca. M. Okada: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. T. Go: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. M. Yamashita: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca. N. Yamamoto: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD K.K, AstraZeneca, Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Eli Lilly Japan K.K., Boehringer Ingelheim, Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb, Nippon Kayaku, GlaxoSmithKline K.K., Sanofi K.K., Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co.,Inc., Merk biopharma; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Eli Lilly Japan K.K., Boehringer Ingelheim, Novartis, Bristol Myers Squibb, Nippon Kayaku, Life Technologies Japan Ltd., Amgen Inc., Guardant Health Japan, Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K.; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: MSD K.K; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Pfizer Inc., Amgen Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K.; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Toppan printing, Terumo. K. Nakagawa: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Eli Lilly Japan K.K., Amgen Inc., Nippon Kayaku Co., Ltd., AstraZeneca K.K., Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., MSD K.K., Pfizer Japan Inc., Nippon Boehringer Ingelheim Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., Bayer Yakuhin, Ltd., CMIC ShiftZero K.K., Life Technologies Japan Ltd., Neo Communication, Merck Biopharma Co., Ltd., Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd., Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., 3H Clinical Trial Inc., Care Net, Inc., Medical Review Co., Ltd., Medical Mobile Communications co., Ltd, Yodosha Co., Ltd., Nikkei Business Publications, Inc., Japan Clinical Research Operations, CMIC Co., Ltd., Novartis Pharma K.K., Taiyo Pharma Co., Ltd.; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Ono Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., Eli Lilly Japan K.K.; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, patents sales fee: Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd.; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Parexel International Corp., Pra Healthsciences, Eps Corporation., Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., EPS International Co.,Ltd,., Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., MSD K.K., Ono Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., PPD-SNBL K.K, SymBio Pharmaceuticals Limited., IQVIA Services Japan K.K., Syneos Health Clinical K.K., Nippon Kayaku Co.,Ltd., EP-CRSU Co., Ltd., Mebix, Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb K.K., Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K., Eisai Co., Ltd., AstraZeneca K.K., Mochida Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Covance Japan Inc., Japan Clinical Research Operations, Takeda Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline K.K., Sanofi K.K., Chugai Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd., Nippon Boehringer Ingelheim Co.,Ltd., Sysmex Corporation, Medical Reserch Support, Eli Lilly Japan K.K., Amgen Inc., Novartis Pharma K.K., Novartis Pharma K.K., Srl, Inc. T. Mitsudomi: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Chugai, Novartis, MSD, Bristol Myers Squibb, Ono, Pfizer, Eli Lilly, Merck Biopharma; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Boehringer Ingelheim, Chugai, Novartis, MSD, Bristol Myers Squibb, Ono, Pfizer, Amgen, Janssen, Takeda, Eli-Lilly; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca, Chugai, MSD, Taiho, Daiichi Sankyo, Ono; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role: Interanational Association for Study of Lung Cancer. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
LBA2 Phase II study of PD-L1 expression guidance on neoadjuvant (NA) nivolumab (Nivo) monotherapy with or without platinum-doublet chemotherapy in resectable NSCLC; Background: We profiled clinical and biomarker data from this prospective, multicenter, phase II study evaluating the efficacy and safety of NA nivo with or without platinum-doublet chemotherapy based on PD-L1 status (NCT04015778). Methods: Patients (pts) had resectable clinical stage IIA-IIIB (AJCC 8th) NSCLC and ECOG PS 0/1 with no EGFR/ALK variations. Pts received mono-nivo 360mg treatment (tx) for ≤3 cycles q3w or nivo 360mg + nab-paclitaxel 185mg/m2 (d1, d8) + carboplatin AUC5 for ≤3 cycles q3w based on PD-L1 status. Primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR: ≤10% viable tumor cells). Key secondary endpoints included pathologic complete response (pCR), objective response rate (ORR, RECIST v1.1), adverse events (AEs) including treatment-related (TRAE) and immune-related (irAE). We correlated PD-L1 status and perioperative ctDNA presence with pCR and event-free survival (EFS). Results: From 08/08/2019 to 08/16/2021 52 pts were accrued and 46 had surgery (surg outcome in the table). The pre-surg ORR was 51.9% (27/52) with 2 CR. 25/46 (54.3%) achieved MPR of which 13 (28.3%) were pCR. In PD-L1 ≥ 50% group mono-nivo achieved 18.2% MPR while chemoimmunotherapy achieved 80%. AEs occurred in all pts during NA tx, including irAEs in 36/52 (69.2%) and 3 pts discontinued NA tx. 45 (97.8%) pts had sufficient tissue for tumor-informed MRD. MRD was detected in 84.4% in pre-NA (n=38), 91.1% in post-NA (n=41) and 80.0% in post-surg samples (n=36). Significant ctDNA clearance post-NA was seen in pts with pCR vs non- pCR (OR=8.56, 95% CI: 1.22-Inf, p=0.03). With a median follow-up of 25.1 months (95% CI: 22.4-27.7m), 2yr-EFS rate for pts with MRD– (both post-NA and -surg) vs. MRD+ (either post-NA or -surg) was 86.6% vs 47.3% (HR, 0.20; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.94; p=0.02). [Formula presented] Conclusions: We prefer chemoimmunotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment regardless of PD-L1 expression. ctDNA clearance would be a predictor of favorable pathological and survival outcomes. Clinical trial identification: NCT04015778. Legal entity responsible for the study: Chinese Thoracic Oncology Group, CTONG. Funding: Bristol Myers Squibb. Disclosure: W. Zhong: Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Board Member in the Educational Committee (mainly participated in educational event organization): International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC). Y. Wu: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly, Hengrui, Merck, MSD, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Yunhan; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, MSD, Takeda; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role: Chinese Thoracic Oncology Group (CTONG); Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Other, WCLC 2020 Conference Chair: IASLC; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Past President: Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO). All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
LBA5 A phase II study of neoadjuvant SHR-1701 with or without chemotherapy (chemo) followed by surgery or radiotherapy (RT) in stage III unresectable NSCLC (uNSCLC); Background: Consolidation immunotherapy (IO) after chemoradiation is the standard of care for stage III uNSCLC. Addition of IO-based induction therapy may further improve outcome, partly by enabling surgery. SHR-1701 is a novel anti-PD-L1/TGFβRII fusion protein. We assessed neoadjuvant SHR-1701 ± chemo, followed by surgery or RT in untreated stage III uNSCLC without EGFR/ALK alterations. Methods: Pts were given 3 cycles of neoadjuvant SHR-1701 (30 mg/kg Q3W) ± chemo (paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 Q3W + carboplatin AUC=5 Q3W). Pts with PD-L1 TPS <50% received combo-therapy (arm A) and those with PD-L1 TPS ≥50% were randomized (1:1) to receive combo-therapy (arm B) or SHR-1701 alone (arm C). After assessment by MDT, pts received surgery or definitive RT (60 Gy/30 fractions) + concurrent cisplatin (30 mg/m2 QW), followed by SHR-1701 for 16 cycles. The primary endpoints were post-induction ORR and event-free survival (EFS). Results: 107 pts were enrolled (arm A/B/C, n=88/9/10; median age, 59 y; squamous NSCLC, 76.6%; stage IIIA/B/C, 25.2%/43.9%/29.9%). In all pts, the post-induction and best overall ORR were 56.1% (95% CI 46.2-65.7) and 70.1% (60.5-78.6). mEFS was 18.2 mo (95% CI 11.8-not reached [NR]). Efficacy by study arm is shown in Table 1. 27 (25.2% of 107; baseline stage IIIA/B/C, 37.0%/44.4%/18.5%) pts underwent surgery (lobectomy/bilobectomy/pneumonectomy, 88.9%/7.4%/3.7%); all achieved R0 resection. Among them, 12 (44.4%) MPR and 7 (25.9%) pCR were recorded. Nodal downstaging was seen in 14 pts (51.9%; pN2 to pN0/1, 8/14 [57.1%]; pN3 to pN0-2, 6/9 [66.7%]). mEFS was NR in resected pts. Grade ≥3 TRAEs occurred in 77 (72.0%) pts; all with frequency ≥10% were hematotoxicities. No new safety signals were identified. [Formula presented] Conclusions: SHR-1701 ± chemo showed promising antitumor activity with a tolerable safety profile in stage III uNSCLC. Some pts could switch from unresectable to resectable and get much better efficacy. Phase 3 investigation is warranted. Clinical trial identification: NCT04580498. Legal entity responsible for the study: Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals, Co., Ltd. Funding: Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals, Co., Ltd. Disclosure: Y. Wu: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Honoraria: AstraZeneca, Lilly, Roche, Pfizer, Boehringer Ingelheim, MSD Oncology, Bristol Myers Squibb, Hengrui; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: AstraZeneca, Roche, Boehringer Ingelheim, Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Boehringer Ingelheim, Roche, Pfizer, Bristol Myers Squibb. J. Shuang, L. Song, W. Shi: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Hengrui. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for completely resected IIA-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer: compliance to guidelines, safety and efficacy in real-life practice; Background: Since randomised clinical trials demonstrated a survival benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy (AC) following curative-intent lung surgery, AC has been implemented as a standard therapeutic strategy for patients with a completely resected IIA-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Regarding the moderate benefit of AC and the lack of literature on AC use in real-life practice, we aimed to evaluate compliance to guidelines, AC safety and efficacy in a less selected population. Methods: Between January 2009 and December 2014, we retrospectively analysed 210 patients with theoretical indication of AC following curative-intent lung surgery for a completely resected IIA-IIIA NSCLC. The primary objective of this retrospective study was to evaluate compliance to AC guidelines. Secondary objectives included safety and efficacy of AC in real-life practice. Results: Among 210 patients with a theoretical indication of AC, chemotherapy administration was validated in multidisciplinary team (MDT) for 62.4% of them and 117 patients (55.7%) finally received AC. Patient's clinical conditions were the main reasons advanced in MDT for no respect to AC guidelines. Most of the patients received cisplatin-vinorelbine (86.3%) and AC was initiated within 8 weeks following lung surgery for 73.5% of patients. One-half of patients who received AC experienced side effects leading to either dose-intensity modification or treatment interruption. In real-life practice, AC was found to provide a survival benefit over surgery alone. Factors related to daily-life practice such as delayed AC initiation or incomplete AC planned dose received were not associated with an inferior survival. Conclusions: Although AC use might differ from guidelines in real-life practice, this retrospective study highlights that AC can be used safely and remains efficient among a less selected population. In the context of immunotherapy and targeted therapies development in peri-operative treatment strategies, the place of AC has to be precised in the future.
Comprehensive 18F-FDG PET-based radiomics in elevating the pathological response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy for resectable stage III non-small-cell lung cancer: A pilot study; Purpose: To develop a comprehensive PET radiomics model to predict the pathological response after neoadjuvant toripalimab with chemotherapy in resectable stage III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Methods: Stage III NSCLC patients who received three cycles of neoadjuvant toripalimab with chemotherapy and underwent 18F-FDG PET/CT were enrolled. Baseline 18F-FDG PET/CT was performed before treatment, and preoperative 18F-FDG PET/CT was performed three weeks after the completion of neoadjuvant treatment. Surgical resection was performed 4–5 weeks after the completion of neoadjuvant treatment. Standardized uptake value (SUV) statistics features and radiomics features were derived from baseline and preoperative PET images. Delta features were derived. The radiologic response and metabolic response were assessed by iRECIST and iPERCIST, respectively. The correlations between PD-L1 expression, driver-gene status, peripheral blood biomarkers, and the pathological responses (complete pathological response [CPR]; major pathological response [MPR]) were assessed. Associations between PET features and pathological responses were evaluated by logistic regression. Results: Thirty patients underwent surgery and 29 of them performed preoperative PET/CT. Twenty patients achieved MPR and 16 of them achieved CPR. In univariate analysis, five SUV statistics features and two radiomics features were significantly associated with pathological responses. In multi-variate analysis, SUVmax, SUVpeak, SULpeak, and End-PET-GLDM-LargeDependenceHighGrayLevelEmphasis (End-GLDM-LDHGLE) were independently associated with CPR. SUVpeak and SULpeak performed better than SUVmax and SULmax for MPR prediction. No significant correlation, neither between the radiologic response and the pathological response, nor among PD-L1, driver gene status, and baseline PET features was found. Inflammatory response biomarkers by peripheral blood showed no difference in different treatment responses. Conclusion: The logistic regression model using comprehensive PET features contributed to predicting the pathological response after neoadjuvant toripalimab with chemotherapy in resectable stage III NSCLC patients.
Evaluation of Clinical and Safety Outcomes of Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy Combined with Chemotherapy for Patients with Resectable Esophageal Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Importance: A considerable number of clinical trials of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with resectable esophageal cancer are emerging. However, systematic evaluations of these studies are lacking. Objective: To provide state-of-the-art evidence and normative theoretical support for neoadjuvant immunotherapy for locally advanced resectable esophageal cancer. Data Sources: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched for relevant original articles and conference proceedings that were published in English through April 1, 2022. Study Selection: Published phase 2 or 3 clinical trials that included patients with resectable stage I to IV esophageal cancer who received immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) before surgery as monotherapy or in combination with other therapies. Data Extraction and Synthesis: The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses and the Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines for meta-analysis were followed to extract data. A random-effects model was adopted if the heterogeneity was significant (I2statistic >50%); otherwise, the common-effects model was used. Data analyses were conducted from April 2 to 8, 2022. Main Outcomes and Measures: Pathological complete response (pCR) rate and major pathological response (MPR) rate were considered to be the primary outcomes calculated for the clinical outcomes of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Incidence of treatment-related severe adverse events was set as the major measure for the safety outcome. The rate of R0 surgical resection was summarized. Subgroup analyses were conducted according to histologic subtype and ICI types. Results: A total of 27 clinical trials with 815 patients were included. Pooled rates were 31.4% (95% CI, 27.6%-35.3%) for pCR and 48.9% (95% CI, 42.0-55.9%) for MCR in patients with esophageal cancer. In terms of safety, the pooled incidence of treatment-related severe adverse events was 26.9% (95% CI, 16.7%-38.3%). Most patients achieved R0 surgical resection (98.6%; 95% CI, 97.1%-99.6%). Regarding histologic subtypes, the pooled pCR rates were 32.4% (95% CI, 28.2%-36.8%) in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and 25.2% (95% CI, 16.3%-35.1%) in esophageal adenocarcinoma. The pooled MPR rate was 49.4% (95% CI, 42.1%-56.7%) in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Conclusions and Relevance: This study found that neoadjuvant immunotherapy with chemotherapy had promising clinical and safety outcomes for patients with resectable esophageal cancer. Randomized clinical trials with long-term follow-up are warranted to validate the findings and benefits of ICIs..
A Review of Concurrent Chemo/Radiation, Immunotherapy, Radiation Planning, and Biomarkers for Locally Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and Their Role in the Development of ECOG-ACRIN EA5181; ECOG-ACRIN EA5181 is a current prospective, randomized trial that is investigating whether the addition of concomitant durvalumab to standard chemo/radiation followed by 1 year of consolidative durvalumab results in an overall survival benefit over standard chemo/radiation alone followed by 1 year of consolidative durvalumab in patients with locally advanced, unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Because multiple phase I/II trials have shown the relative safety of adding immunotherapy to chemo/radiation and due to the known synergism between chemotherapy and immunotherapy, it is hoped that concomitant durvalumab can reduce the relatively high incidence of local failure (38%-46%) as seen in recent prospective, randomized trials of standard chemo/radiation in this patient population. We will review the history of radiation for LA-NSCLC and discuss the role of induction, concurrent and consolidative chemotherapy as well as the concerns for late cardiac and pulmonary toxicities associated with treatment. Furthermore, we will review the potential role of next generation sequencing, PD-L1, ctDNA and tumor mutation burden and their possible impact on this trial.
NAUTIKA1: A Multicenter Phase II Study with a PD-L1+ Cohort of Patients Receiving Atezolizumab (Atezo) with Low-Dose Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) as Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable Stage IB-III NSCLC; Purpose/Objective(s): Despite complete surgical resections, cure rates in early-stage NSCLC remain modest. Neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy (chemo) trials have shown a 5-year overall survival (OS) benefit of 5% in patients (pts) with resectable disease. Developing new treatment strategies to increase cure rates following resection remains critical. Phase III trials including IMpower030, Checkmate 816, AEGEAN, Keynote-671, and Checkmate 77T, tested checkpoint inhibitors (CPIs) in combination with chemo. Checkmate 816 met the primary endpoint with a pathological complete response (pCR) rate of 24% and event-free survival (EFS) in pts with resectable stage IB-IIIA NSCLC. Despite the positive results with CPI + chemo, chemo-free options are still needed for some patients. Preclinical and clinical data in advanced NSCLC indicate that low-dose SBRT may be a potent immunomodulator, enhancing immune response facilitated by CPIs (Demaria et al, 2015; Formenti et al, 2018; Theelen et al, 2019). In a Phase II study, neoadjuvant durvalumab combined with low-dose SBRT (8 Gy × 3) was well tolerated and associated with a major pathologic response (MPR) rate of 53% (Altorki et al, 2021). Given the evidence for atezo antitumor activity in early-stage NSCLC, as seen in LCMC3 (Lee et al, 2020) and IMpower010 (which led to FDA approval of atezo as adjuvant treatment following resection and platinum-based chemo in pts with stage II-IIIA NSCLC, who have PD-L1 expression on ≥1% of tumor cells), NAUTIKA1 now includes a PD-L1+ cohort to explore neoadjuvant atezo with low-dose SBRT. Materials/Methods: NAUTIKA1 (NCT04302025) PD-L1+ cohort will enroll pts with resectable stage IB-IIIA or select IIIB (T3N2 only) NSCLC (8th edition AJCC TNM staging). Pts must have PD-L1+ status (defined as expression in ≥1% tumor cells by any FDA-approved PD-L1 assay) performed in a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments–certified laboratory. Pts will receive up to 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezo in combination with low-dose SBRT (8 Gy × 3) in the first cycle, followed by surgical resection and standard-of-care adjuvant treatment. The primary efficacy objective is to evaluate pCR, defined as lack of any viable tumor cells on local pathology review of H&E slides from the lung cancer resection specimen, including all sampled regional lymph nodes. Secondary objectives include investigator-assessed radiographic response, MPR, disease-free survival, EFS, OS, nodal downstaging and circulating tumor DNA clearance. The safety objective includes evaluation of the incidence and severity of adverse events. Exploratory endpoints include correlation of pre- and post-treatment tissue and blood biomarkers with clinical outcome mechanisms of immune escape, as well as evaluation of artificial intelligence–powered digital pathologic response assessment. Results: TBD Conclusion: TBD
Efficacy and Safety of Immunotherapy in Post-Operative Recurrent/Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Impacts of Previous Thoracic Radiotherapy; Purpose/Objective(s): Immunotherapy has shown benefits to survival in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Radiotherapy-induced immune activation can promote immune response, while lymphopenia with it may reduce the benefits. This study aimed to assess effectiveness and toxicity of immunotherapy in recurrent/metastatic NSCLC patients who previously received radical surgery and the impacts of previous thoracic radiotherapy (RT) on them. Materials/Methods: Patients at a single institution who underwent pulmonary lobectomy with systematic lymphadenectomy (2000.1.1-2021.7.2) for stage I-III NSCLC and received immunotherapy after progression with or without previously thoracic RT were identified. The clinical data of included patients were retrospectively analyzed. The primary outcome was post-immunotherapy progression-free survival (PFS). Secondary endpoints included disease control rate (DCR), overall response rate (ORR) and toxicity (treatment suspension caused by immune-related adverse effects). Results: A total of 92 patients were enrolled in the final cohort. Median age of included patients was 60.5 years, 72.8% were men. 33.7% were diagnosed as squamous cell carcinoma and 45.7% were stage III. In total, 7(7.6%), 67(72.8%) and 26(28.3%) received neoadjuvant chemotherapy, adjuvant chemotherapy and thoracic radiotherapy before anti-PD-1/PD-L1 treatment. Median follow-up time was 43.8 months (range, 3.4-54.1 months). 94.6% patients were treated by PD-1 inhibitor. Immune checkpoint inhibitor was administered as first-, second-, third or beyond-line systematic treatments in 45.7%,28.3% and 26.1% patients. The median PFS was 9.03m (95%CI 5.04-13.03m) and 1y-PFS was 43.9%. Among 86 evaluable patients, the DCR and ORR was 83.7% (95%CI 75.8%-91.7%) and 23.3% (95%CI 14.1-32.4%). 9(9.8%) patients had treatment suspended due to immune-related adverse effects, and 4/9 had ICI rechallenge. Patients received RT had comparable mPFS with non-RT group (12.1m vs 8.4m, p=0.685) and similar rates of irAEs-caused ICI suspension (p=0.709) even with higher proportion of stage III patients (80.8% vs 31.8%, p<0.001). Among stage III patients, 50% received RT and had shown tendency of longer median PFS (12.1m vs 6.4m, p=0.107). Conclusion: Immunotherapy shown considerable efficacy in stage I-III NSCLC patients after radical surgery and progression. Patients with previous thoracic RT shown non-inferior survival and similar toxicity, and had potential survival benefits in stage III subgroup.
SWOG/NRG S1914: A Randomized Phase III Trial of Induction/Consolidation Atezolizumab + SBRT vs. SBRT Alone in High Risk, Early-Stage NSCLC (NCT#04214262); Purpose/Objective(s): Stereotactic radiotherapy (SBRT) is the standard of care for early stage, medically inoperable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). While rates of in-field control exceed 90% in prospective trials, rates of regional and distant control after SBRT remain suboptimal, and adjuvant chemotherapy is rarely used in this typically frail patient population. SWOG/NRG S1914 is a randomized phase III trial testing the addition of neoadjuvant, concurrent, and adjuvant atezolizumab to SBRT for early-stage NSCLC. Materials/Methods: Eligible patients have T1-3N0M0 NSCLC ≤7cm and are medically inoperable or declined surgery. Patients must have at least one risk factor suggestive of increased risk of recurrence: tumor diameter ≥2 cm, SUVmax ≥6.2, or moderately/poorly/undifferentiated differentiated histology. Patients are randomized 1:1 to standard-of-care SBRT or to neoadjuvant, concurrent, and adjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg IV Q3 week with SBRT initiated with cycle 3. Standard SBRT schedules of 3-5 fractions with a BED ≥100 are permitted. Stratification factors include location (central versus peripheral), size (<4 cm versus ≥4cm), and Zubrod performance status (0-1 vs 2). The primary objective of the study is to compare overall survival between the arms. The accrual goal is 480 patients to achieve 432 eligible patients based on a design with 80% power to rule out a null hazard ratio at the 1-sided 0.025 level, if the true hazard ratio were 0.70. The estimated duration of accrual and follow-up are 60 and 36 months, respectively and includes 4 interim analyses evaluating early stopping for futility or efficacy. Secondary objectives include comparisons of progression free survival (PFS), distant, locoregional and local failure rates, toxicity, and quality of life (EORTC QLQ-C30 and EORTC QLQ-LC13). Results: Enrollment began 08/13/2020. As of 02/23/2022, 284 sites have been approved to enroll patients. 80 patients have enrolled and undergone randomization. Conclusion: SWOG/NRG S1914 is a randomized phase III trial testing the addition of neoadjuvant, concurrent, and adjuvant atezolizumab to SABR in early-stage NSCLC.
LBA4 CANOPY-N: A phase II study of canakinumab (CAN) or pembrolizumab (PEM), alone or in combination, as neoadjuvant therapy in patients (pts) with resectable stage Ib–IIIa non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: CAN is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits proinflammatory IL-1β–driven pathways that may play a role in tumor growth in early-stage NSCLC. Preclinical data suggest targeting IL-1β could decrease inflammation and immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment (TME). Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a phase II, randomized, open-label study of neoadjuvant CAN, PEM or CAN+PEM in resectable NSCLC. Eligibility: Stage IB–IIIA NSCLC; treatment (tx) naive; ECOG PS 0–1; and eligible for planned resection 4–6 weeks after first dose. Pts were randomized 2:2:1 to the tx arms: CAN, CAN+PEM or PEM. CAN and PEM were both given as two 200 mg doses once every 3 weeks. Primary endpoint: major pathological response (MPR) rate based on central review. Key secondary endpoints: overall response rate (ORR), surgical feasibility rate, and safety. Changes in CD8+ T cell, tumor-associated macrophage (TAM) and regulatory T cell (Treg) levels, among others, were assessed in exploratory biomarker analyses. Results: 88 pts enrolled across 3 arms: CAN (n=35), CAN+PEM (n=35) and PEM (n=18). 87 pts completed planned neoadjuvant tx. Four pts did not have surgery: 3 due to disease progression (CAN) and 1 to pt decision (CAN+PEM). MPR rates were 2.9% (CAN), 17.1% (CAN+PEM) and 11.1% (PEM). ORRs were 0% (CAN), 8.6% (CAN+PEM) and 11.1% (PEM). Gr ≥3 AEs occurred in 37.1%, 28.6% and 22.2% of pts, of which 0%, 11.4% and 11.1% were tx related, in the CAN, CAN+PEM and PEM arms, respectively. Decreases in TAMs and Tregs were seen in CAN arms whereas increases in CD8+ T cells were seen in PEM arms. Modulations were more pronounced with CAN+PEM (Table). [Formula presented] Conclusions: CANOPY-N did not meet the primary endpoint of MPR rate, with minimal clinical efficacy and no increase in CD8+ T cells with CAN alone. No new safety signals were seen. IL-1β inhibition impacted inflammation and immunosuppression in the TME. Clinical trial identification: CACZ885V2201C / NCT03968419. Editorial acknowledgement: Editorial assistance was provided by Ollie Butlin, MSc of Articulate Science Ltd., and was funded by Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Legal entity responsible for the study: Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Funding: Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Disclosure: T.S.K. Mok: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AbbVie, ACEA Pharma, Alpha Biopharma, Amgen, Amoy Diagnostics, BeiGene, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Daiichi Sankyo, Fishawack Facilitate, InMed Medical Communication, Lunit USA, Inc., Merck Serono, MSD, Roche, MD Health, Medscape/WebMD, PeerVoice, Touch Medical Media, Permanyer SL, Prime Oncology, Research to Practice, Sanofi-Aventis, Takeda, PER, Daz Group, Lucence Health Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutical NV, Jiahui Holdings Co., LiangYiHui Healthcare, Merck Pharmaceuticals HK Ltd, MiRXES, Novartis, OrigiMed Co. Ltd., Pfizer, Shanghai BeBirds Translation & Consulting Co., Ltd., Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AbbVie, ACEA Pharma, Alpha Biopharma, Amgen, Amoy Diagnostics, BeiGene, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Blueprint Medicines, Berry Oncology, CStone Pharma, Daiichi Sankyo, Fishawack Facilitate, Eisai, Gritstone Oncology, Guardant Health, G1 Therapeutics, Hengrui, Ignyta, IQVIA, Incyte Corporation, Inivata, Janssen, Loxo Oncology, Qiming Dev., Lunit USA, Inc., Merck Serono, MSD, Roche, Mirati Therapeutics, MoreHealth, Novartis, OrigiMed, Puma Tech., Sanofi-Aventis, Takeda, Virtus Medical, Yuhan, Curio Science, Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Covidien LP, C4 Therapeutics, Cirina Ltd., Da Volterrra, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd / Genentech, Gilead Sciences, Lucence Health Inc., Medscape LLC / WebMD, MiRXES, OSE Immunotherapeutics, Pfizer, SFJ Pharmaceutical Ltd., Synergy Research, Tigermed, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Berry Oncology, D3 Bio Ltd., Lakeshore Biotech; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Former known as Hutchison Chi-Med: HutchMed; Financial Interests, Personal, Officer, Chairman: ACT Genomics-Sanomics Group; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Sanomics Ltd., Biolidics Ltd., Aurora Tele-Oncology, AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares, Former known as Hutchison Chi-Med: HutchMed; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding, For clinical trials performed at CUHK: Merck Serono, AstraZeneca, BMS, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, SFJ Pharmaceuticals, XCovery, Takeda, G1 Therapeutics, Clovis Oncology; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: geneDecode; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Aurora Tele-Oncology, Lunit USA, Inc., Sanomics Ltd.; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Term ended on 30 June 2022: American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO); Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role: Asian Thoracic Oncology Research Group (ATORG), Chinese Lung Cancer Research Foundation Limited (CLCRF), Hong Kong Cancer Fund (HKCF), Hong Kong Cancer Therapy Society (HKCTS), St. Stephen’s College & Prep. School (Hong Kong); Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Term ended: Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO); Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Term ended on 30 April 2019: International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC). M. Tsuboi: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Lecture: Johnson & Johnson Japan; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Lectures, Advisory boards: AstraZeneca KK, Chugai Pharmaceutical CO.,LTD, MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Lectures: Eli Lilly Japan, Bristol Myers Squibb KK, Teijin Pharma, Taiho Pharma, Medtronic Japan, ONO Pharmaceutical CO.,LTD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Advisory boards: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Daiichi-Sankyo company limited, MSD, AstraZeneca, Novartis; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Beohringer-Ingelheim Japan, MSD, AstraZeneca KK, Ono Pharmaceutical CO.,LTD, Bristol Myers Squibb KK, Novartis; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Eli Lilly Japan. J.M. Lee: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bristol Myers Squibb, Astrazeneca, Roche/Genentech, Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, LCMC3, LCMC4, NAUTIKA-1: Roche/Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, CANOPY-N, GEOMETRY-1: Novartis. E.S. Kim: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting/Research: Regeneron, Takeda, Novartis. J. Zhang: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Bayer, Biodesix, Bristol Myers Squibb, Cardinal Health, Daiichi Sankyo, Hengrui Therapeutics, Eli Lilly, Mirati, Nexus Health, Novartis, Novocure, Sanofi, Takeda Oncology; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, MJH Life Sciences, Regeneron, Sanofi; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, PI and Sponsor: AstraZeneca, Biodesix, Nilogen, Genentech; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Hengrui Therapeutics, Mirati, Novartis, Abbvie, BeiGene, Merck; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, PI, basic science research: Mirati; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Member, American Society of Clinical Oncology: ASCO; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Member, American Association for Cancer Research: AACR; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Member, International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer: IASLC; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Member, Chinese American Hematologist and Oncologist Network: CAHON. J. Duan: Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation. C. Lobetti-Bodoni: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment, Clinical Development Medical Director: Novartis Oncology; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Novartis Oncology; Other, Personal, Other, My husband is a Roche employer: Roche; Other, Personal, Other, My husband had consultancy in the last two years with these companies: Sanofi and Takeda; Other, Personal, Other, My husband ha honoraria in the last 2 years with these companies: Takeda, Jansenn-Cilag Ltd; Other, Personal, Other, My husband owns stock of this company: Harlock Helatcare Consulting Ltd. J.C. Brase: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Novartis. A. Savchenko: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Novartis. P. Garrido Lopez: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Abbvie, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, BMS, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Lilly, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Takeda, sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Janssen, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Takeda, Novartis, IO Biotech; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Spouse: Boehringer Ingelheim, Gebro, Janssen, Nordic; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Spouse: Boehringer Ingelheim, Janssen; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Data monitoring committee for a clinical trial in 2020: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Lung Cancer Medical Education TASC Committee 2021: Janssen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Novartis, Janssen, AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Blue print, Apollomics, Amgen, Array Biopharma; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, study entitled JNJ-372: Janssen; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Council member as Women for Oncology Committee ChairFellowship and Award Committee and Press CommitteeFaculty for lung and other thoracic tumours: ESMO; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, President of the Spanish Federation of Medical Societies (FACME): FACME; Other, Personal, Other, My son is working in the pharma company TEVA as an engineer. I do not have any kind of relationship with TEVA: TEVA; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Former President of Spanish Medical Oncology SocietyMember of the Spanish National Health Advisory Board: SEOM; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Member of the Scientific Committee of the Spanish Against Cancer Research Foundation (aecc) and also Borad member: AECC; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, IASLC Women in Thoracic Oncology Working Group Member: IASLC. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
CD8+FOXP3+ CELLS REPRESENT EARLY, EFFECTOR TCELLS AND PREDICT OUTCOMES IN PATIENTS WITH RESECTABLE NON-SMALL CELL LUNG CARCINOMA (NSCLC) RECEIVING NEOADJUVANT ANTI-PD-1-BASED THERAPY; Background PD-1/PD-L1 pathway blockade has improved survival in patients with advanced NSCLC. Neoadjuvant (preoperative) anti-PD-1 plus chemotherapy was also recently approved for patients with resectable stage II/III NSCLC. However, among patients receiving neoadjuvant anti-PD-1- based therapy, only 33-45% achieved a major pathologic response (MPR, ≤10% of residual viable tumor), highlighting the need for biomarkers predicting response.1,3 Based upon recent results in advanced melanoma showing that CD8 +FoxP3+ cells were strongly associated with therapeutic response,4 we hypothesized that these cells would also be predictive of response in resectable NSCLC. Additionally, we performed single-cell RNA sequencing (ssRNAseq) to define the phenotype of CD8+FoxP3+ cells, given reports suggesting an immunosuppressive role. Methods Pre-treatment formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor specimens from the first-in-human clinical trial of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 (nivolumab) +/- anti-CTLA-4 (ipilimumab) in NSCLC (NCT02259621) 1,3 were stained with a 6-marker multiplex immunofluorescence mIF panel (PD-1, PD-L1, CD8, CD163, FoxP3, and cytokeratin). Eight specimens were from patients demonstrating MPRs and 17 were from patients with non-MPRs. The densities of immune cell populations within the tumor microenvironment (TME) were analyzed using the AstroPath platform and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) for each possible cell phenotype was calculated for predicting MPR.4 The association for cell phenotypes with event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) was determined using the log-rank test. scRNAseq analyses were performed on freshly collected CD3+ TIL from 15 of the same NSCLC patients. T-cells were clustered by UMAP and were queried for co-expression of CD8 and FoxP3. Results The density of CD8+FoxP3+ T-cells was significantly elevated in patients achieving MPR (AUC=0.78, p=0.014, N=25). This association was strongest in the PD-1(+) (AUC=0.83, p=0.004) and PD-L1(-) (AUC=0.81, p=0.007) subsets. The AUCs for CD8+FoxP3+ cells were stronger than any other cell phenotype labeled by this 6-plex mIF assay. Patients whose TMEs contained CD8+FoxP3+ cells (n=18) when compared to those lacking this phenotype (n=7) had improved EFS and OS (41 vs. 8 months, p=0.041; and 26 vs. 8 months, p=0.074, respectively). scRNAseq studies of the CD8+FoxP3+ T-cell subset revealed a transcriptome compatible with a highly-activated, cytotoxic phenotype (CCL5, CD8A, GZMB, NKG7, CTSW, CD8B, LINC02446, GZMK all highly expressed). Conclusions CD8+FoxP3+ T-cells in the NSCLC TME do not represent immunosuppressive cells, as has been previously reported, but instead represent highly-potent early, effector Tcells. When detected by mIF in pre-treatment NSCLC tumor specimens, these cells associate with major pathologic response and improved survival outcomes following neoadjuvant anti- PD-1.
COMPREHENSIVE SINGLE CELL TRANSCRIPTOMIC PROFILING OF UNTREATED RESECTABLE LUNG CANCERS; Background Non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC) is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in men and women. The 5-year overall survival rate of metastatic NSCLC is an abysmal 21%, in part since >80% of lung cancers are diagnosed at an advanced stage.1,2 Encouragingly, neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade(ICB) plus chemotherapy is now approved as standard of care for resectable lung cancer.3,4 Because ICB success depends on an endogenous anti-tumor T cell response, it is critical that we understand the baseline functional biology of these T cells. To date, however, comprehensive studies of endogenous tumor-reactive TIL in operable NSCLC(Stage I-III) are lacking. Herein we present an integrated single cell immunogenomic profiling of 21 untreated tumor resections from patients who were surveilled for 1-5 years post-surgery. Methods After acquiring written informed consent, PBMC and resected tissues were obtained from patients with Stage I-III NSCLC undergoing surgical resection. Tissues were enzymatically digested and viably frozen. Cryobanked tissues were thawed, T cells (CD3+CD45+) and non-T cells (CD3-) were sorted, and prepared for single cell RNA sequencing. Single Cell 5' V(D)J and 5' DGE kits (10X Genomics) were used to capture immune repertoire and gene expression information for the T cell fraction, DGE libraries were prepared for the non-T cell fraction. Results Transcriptomic profiles were defined for CD3+ TIL from 21 untreated surgically-resected tumors (527,062 cells). Refined UMAP projection of CD8+ TIL (183,375 cells) uncovered 14 CD8+ T cell subsets. We observed four distinct tissue resident memory (TRM) clusters. This is notable, as our previous work defined the TRM subsets as being enriched in tumor-reactive TIL.5,6 Apropos of this notion, two of these TRM clusters were significantly enriched in the tumor tissue compared to adjacent normal lung and lymph node (adj.p-value= 1.3x10-4 and 3.6x10-3), with one of these TRM clusters expressing high levels of markers previously shown to mark tumor-reactive TIL, including HOBIT, CXCL13, and CD39 [5,7,8]. Further supporting our hypothesis that this cluster harbors tumor-reactive TIL, cross-reference with public TCR databases showed almost no overlap of the TCRs in this cluster with TCRs corresponding to virus-specific T cells, whereas 726 EBV- and 177 flu-specific TIL were readily detected within other TRM and T Effector clusters. Conclusions This study is one of the first to evaluate the transcriptional programming of tumor-reactive TIL in treatmentnaïve lung cancers. Understanding the baseline functional biology of these cells has significant implications for biomarker and novel therapy development for the treatment of lung cancers resistant to currently-approved therapies.
METAGENOMIC SEQUENCING REVEALS UNIQUE GUT MICROBIAL FEATURES ASSOCIATED WITH TERTIARY LYMPHOID STRUCTURES IN RESPONSE TO IMMUNE CHECKPOINT BLOCKADE IN SOLID CANCERS; Background Immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) therapy has significantly improved clinical outcomes; however, a significant proportion of patients fail to develop durable responses.1 Therefore, novel targetable biomarkers are needed. Our group has previously shown that the composition of the gut microbiome and presence of intratumoral tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS) can influence response to ICB.2-4 Here, we study three randomized phase II neoadjuvant ICB trials [melanoma (MEL; NCT02519322; n=23), non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC; NCT03158129; n=31)5 and sarcoma (SARC; NCT02301039; n=17)] to investigate the relationship and interplay between these two established determinants of response. Methods Patients were defined as responders (R) or non-responders (NR) based on major pathologic response (MPR; MEL and NSCLC-viable ≤ 10%; SARC-hyalinization ≥ 30%). Transcriptional profiles of tumor specimen collected pre-ICB (MEL and SARC) and post-ICB (MEL, SARC and NSCLC) were used to score and dichotomize patients (by median) based on a TLS gene signature (LTA, LTB, TNFSF14, CXCL13, CCL18, CCL19, CCL21, CD79B, CR2, PAX54A1, MZB1). Paired baseline stool samples were profiled via metagenomic sequencing to characterize the composition and the molecular and metabolic function using MetaPhlAn 3.0 and HUMAnN 3.0, respectively. Results There were 21 R overall (NSCLC n=9; MEL n=9; SARC n=3). TLS signature was significantly higher in R vs NR on-treatment with ICB (p=0.032; unpaired t-test). Longitudinal evaluation of transcriptional profiles showed increased expression of the TLS signature with treatment in R (p=0.032; paired t-test) but not in NR (p>0.99; paired ttest). Following patient dichotomization by TLS score, analysis of baseline microbiome profiles revealed the presence of unique TLS-associated gut microbiome signatures, including enrichment of specific taxa such as Holdemanella and Lactococcus (ANCOM-BC; p<0.0001). Further analysis of Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways in baseline stool metagenomes suggested enhanced function of membrane transport proteins (q=0.006) in TLShighpatients and increased carbohydrate metabolism (q=0.04) in TLSlowpatients. Conclusions Our data suggest that unique gut microbiome features are associated with TLS in the context of treatment with ICB in solid cancers. Future mechanistic and translational studies will seek to validate and parlay these novel findings into microbiome-based treatments to induce TLS and/or augment the efficacy of ICB in solid tumors.
PHASE 2 STUDY OF SEA-CD40 COMBINATION THERAPIES IN ADVANCED MALIGNANCIES (SGNS40- 002, TRIAL IN PROGRESS); Background While immunotherapy has improved outcomes for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and melanoma, most progress despite standard treatment. Therefore, treatments with the potential to enhance the efficacy of existing immunotherapy-based regimens are being actively examined to further improve outcomes in these diseases. CD40 is a tumor necrosis factor receptor expressed on multiple immune cell populations as well as on tumor cells. CD40 activation drives B- and T-cell activation to evoke tumor-specific cytotoxic T-cell responses. SEA-CD40 is an investigational, receptor-agonistic, nonfucosylated, humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) directed to CD40. SEACD40 binds with high affinity to FcgRIIIa and CD40, resulting in enhanced effector function and CD40 agonism, allowing amplification of immune stimulation and antitumor activity. Preclinical studies have shown that SEA-CD40 combined with chemotherapy and pembrolizumab resulted in significant antitumor activity. This combination regimen has also demonstrated a tolerable safety profile, encouraging antitumor activity, and evidence of persistent immune activation in an ongoing phase 1 study (SGNS40-001, NCT02376699). Given the preclinical and clinical data supporting SEA-CD40 combined with pembrolizumab and/or chemotherapy, further investigation into additional diseases is warranted. Methods SGNS40-002 (NCT04993677) is a phase 2, openlabel, multicenter trial designed to assess the antitumor activity, safety, and tolerability of SEA-CD40 in combination with pembrolizumab and/or chemotherapy in adults (≥18 years) with NSCLC or melanoma. Five indication-specific cohorts will explore 2 different regimens: cohorts 1-3 will receive SEA-CD40 with pembrolizumab while cohorts 4 and 5 will receive SEA-CD40, pembrolizumab, carboplatin, and pemetrexed. Cohort 1 will enroll patients with relapsed or refractory metastatic melanoma (≤3 prior lines of therapy, including an anti-programmed death/ligand 1 (PD-1/PD-L1) mAb within 90 days), cohort 2 will enroll patients with metastatic uveal melanoma, and cohort 3 will enroll patients with metastatic PD-1/ PD-L1-naïve melanoma. Patients in cohorts 2 and 3 must have no prior therapy for advanced disease except adjuvant/ neoadjuvant therapy. Cohorts 4 and 5 will include patients with NSCLC with a PD-L1 tumor proportion score of 1-49% or <1%, respectively. The primary endpoint is investigator-assessed confirmed objective response rate per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Version 1.1 (RECIST v1.1). Secondary endpoints include incidence of adverse events; laboratory abnormalities; treatment interruptions, reductions or discontinuations; disease control rate; duration of response; progression-free survival; and overall survival. Exploratory endpoints include pharmacokinetic parameters, antidrug antibodies, biomarkers of response, and patient-reported quality of life. Enrollment is ongoing in North America and Europe.
SAKK 16/14: CD8 T cell positioning correlates with survival in stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC after neoadjuvant immunotherapy; Introduction: Spatial distribution of immune cells within the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) influences response to immunotherapy in many malignancies, but its role in neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is not clearly established. To address this knowledge gap, we performed digital pathology analysis of tumor tissue obtained from patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC undergoing neoadjuvant treatment including the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in the single-arm phase II trial SAKK 16/14. Methods: Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue specimens of 21 initial biopsies (IB) and 38 resection specimens (RES) were obtained from patients enrolled in the trial SAKK 16/14. Tissue was immunostained for CD3, CD8, CD20 and FoxP3. Digitalized slideswere annotated for invasive cancer. A machine-learning classifier was trained to localize and quantify marker-positive immune cell densities within the epithelial and stromal compartments. Also, the TIME for each specimen was classified as excluded ('cold tumor') or inflamed ('hot tumor') by pathologist consensus. Event-free survival (EFS) was analyzed by Mann- Whitney-Wilcox test. Results: The infiltration densities of CD3 T cells, CD8 T cells, CD20 B cells and Foxp3 T cells in IB (Fig. 1A) and RES (Fig. 1B) were comparable in hot and cold tumors. Stratification of tumors based on their immune cell positioning (excluded or inflamed phenotype) in the IB strongly correlated with EFS (p = 0.008, Fig. 2A). This association was driven by CD8 T cell infiltration in the tumor (Fig. 2B), but not for the stromal compartment (Fig. 2C) or total T cell content (Fig. 2D) as assessed by digital pathology, with similar trends observed for CD3 T cells (Fig. 2E) and CD20 B cells (Fig. 2F). Conclusions: Immune phenotyping of the tumor and spatial distribution of CD8 T cells correlates with EFS in the SAKK16/14 cohort. (Figure Presented).
SAKK 16/14 - Peripheral immune cell populations in response to neoadjuvant durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC; Introduction: Various peripheral immune cell populations have previously been implicated as potential biomarkers for response to immune checkpoint inhibition. The single-arm phase II trial SAKK 16/14 confirmed the efficacy of perioperative treatment with the andi-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).To evaluate the impact of treatment on the immune system, we comprehensively profiled immune cell populations by mass cytometry. Methods: PBMCs were obtained from 5 responder and 5 nonresponder patients. For each patient, we analyzed PBMCs obtained before neoadjuvant treatment (TP1) and after sequential neoadjuvant chemotherapy and durvalumab (TP3). PBMCs were stained with a custom antibody panel designed to assess the expression of 35 protein markers and analyzed with cytometry by time of flight (CyTOF). Results: Four responders and four non-responders had sufficient cell events at both time points for analysis. Cells were displayed in twodimensional space with optSNE and clustered using the FlowSOM algorithm (Fig. 1A) to identify major immune cell populations. Differential enrichment between responders and non-responders was assessed with edgeR. No significant differences in frequencies of major immune populations were detected between the patients displaying different clinical outcomes (Fig. 1B). Senescent, CD57 T cells were enriched in nonresponders whereas Ki67 proliferating CD8 T cells were enriched in responders (Fig. 1C). However, these differences were mainly driven by individual patients (Fig. 1D). There was also no on-treatment identified changes in peripheral immune cell populations in responding and non responding patients (TP1 vs TP3, Fig. 1D). Conclusions: Although statistically significant enrichments of some immune populations were detected, the low number of samples prevented us to conclusively rule out changes in other peripheral immune populations. To increase confidence in the results, the analysis should be conducted in a larger patient cohort. Results obtained here will be put into context with other ongoing analyses of the trial SAKK 16/14. (Figure Presented).
Neoadjuvant treatment does not influence PD-L1 expression in stage III non-small cell lung cancer. Retrospective analysis of tumor samples from the trials SAKK 16/96, 16/00, 16/01 and 16/14; Introduction: Immune checkpoint inhibitors are expected to change treatment standards of operable stage III non-small cell lung cancer. PD-L1 protein expression on tumor cells has emerged as the most important biomarker for sensitivity to immune checkpoint inhibitors targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 axis. Little is known about the impact of neoadjuvant treatment on PD-L1 expression. Methods: We assessed PD-L1 expression by immunohistochemistry (Ventana SP263 assay) on tumor cells in treatmentnaïve diagnostic tumor samples and matched lung resections from patients with stage III NSCLC included in the Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK) trials 16/96, 16/00, 16/01 and 16/14. All patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy with cisplatin/docetaxel, either as single modality (CT), with sequential radiotherapy (CRT) or with the PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab (CT+ICI). Results: Overall, 132 paired tumor samples were analyzed from patients with neoadjuvant CT (n = 69), CRT (n = 33) and CT+ICI (n = 30). For CT and CRT, PD-L1 expression before and after neoadjuvant treatment did not differ significantly (Wilcoxon test, p = 0.94). Likewise, no statistically significant difference was observed between CT and CRT for PD-L1 expression after neoadjuvant treatment (p = 0.97). For CT+ICI, PD-L1 expression before and after neoadjuvant treatment did also not differ significantly (Wilcoxon test, p = 1.0). Event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) for patients with down- or upregulation of PD-L1 expression after neoadjuvant treatment were similar. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant treatment had no effect on PD-L1 expression, irrespective of the treatment modality (chemotherapy, chemoradiation, sequential immunochemotherapy). Potentially IO sensitizing effects of RT are unlikely to be caused by upregulation of PD-L1 expression. Dynamic change of PD-L1 expression did not correlate with EFS or OS.
Pathologic response and safety to neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy in resectable squamous non-small-cell Lung cancer; Background: Several randomized studies have shown that the combination of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor and chemotherapy is efficacious as a treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, in the neoadjuvant setting, there is scarce evidence of the effectiveness and safety of the combinations in squamous NSCLC. We conducted a retrospective study to evaluate neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy in resectable squamous NSCLC. Methods: Patients from Beijing Chest Hospital, Capital Medical University, between October 2019 and October 2021, treated with PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy for resectable squamous NSCLC were retrospectively studied. The primary objectives were to assess the pathological tumor response and safety of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy. Results: 63 patients with resectable squamous NSCLC stage IIA-IIIB were included. Two to four cycles of PD-1 inhibitors (37 cases with camrelizumab, 11 cases with toripalimab, 8 cases with tislelizumab, and 7 cases with sintilimab) and chemotherapy were administered prior to surgery. 42 patients (66.7%) achieved a major pathologic response (MPR), including 25 (39.7%) with a pathologic complete response (pCR). Twenty-one patients (33.3%) experienced grade 3 neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs), and no patient had grade 4 or 5 TRAE. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy are feasible therapies for resectable squamous NSCLC. It was associated with a 66.7% MPR rate, 39.7% pCR rate, and tolerable toxicity.
CT-based radiomics in predicting pathological response in non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy; Objectives: In radiomics, high-throughput algorithms extract objective quantitative features from medical images. In this study, we evaluated CT-based radiomics features, clinical features, in-depth learning features, and a combination of features for predicting a good pathological response (GPR) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving immunotherapy-based neoadjuvant therapy (NAT). Materials and methods: We reviewed 62 patients with NSCLC who received surgery after immunotherapy-based NAT and collected clinicopathological data and CT images before and after immunotherapy-based NAT. A series of image preprocessing was carried out on CT scanning images: tumor segmentation, conventional radiomics feature extraction, deep learning feature extraction, and normalization. Spearman correlation coefficient, principal component analysis (PCA), and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) were used to screen features. The pretreatment traditional radiomics combined with clinical characteristics (before_rad_cil) model and pretreatment deep learning characteristics (before_dl) model were constructed according to the data collected before treatment. The data collected after NAT created the after_rad_cil model and after_dl model. The entire model was jointly constructed by all clinical features, conventional radiomics features, and deep learning features before and after neoadjuvant treatment. Finally, according to the data obtained before and after treatment, the before_nomogram and after_nomogram were constructed. Results: In the before_rad_cil model, four traditional radiomics features (“original_shape_flatness,” “wavelet hhl_firer_skewness,” “wavelet hlh_firer_skewness,” and “wavelet lll_glcm_correlation”) and two clinical features (“gender” and “N stage”) were screened out to predict a GPR. The average prediction accuracy (ACC) after modeling with k-nearest neighbor (KNN) was 0.707. In the after_rad_cil model, nine features predictive of GPR were obtained after feature screening, among which seven were traditional radiomics features: “exponential_firer_skewness,” “exponential_glrlm_runentropy,” “log- sigma-5-0-mm-3d_firer_kurtosis,” “logarithm_skewness,” “original_shape_elongation,” “original_shape_brilliance,” and “wavelet llh_glcm_clustershade”; two were clinical features: “after_CRP” and “after lymphocyte percentage.” The ACC after modeling with support vector machine (SVM) was 0.682. The before_dl model and after_dl model were modeled by SVM, and the ACC was 0.629 and 0.603, respectively. After feature screening, the entire model was constructed by multilayer perceptron (MLP), and the ACC of the GPR was the highest, 0.805. The calibration curve showed that the predictions of the GPR by the before_nomogram and after_nomogram were in consensus with the actual GPR. Conclusion: CT-based radiomics has a good predictive ability for a GPR in NSCLC patients receiving immunotherapy-based NAT. Among the radiomics features combined with the clinicopathological information model, deep learning feature model, and the entire model, the entire model had the highest prediction accuracy.
Immunotherapy in MSI/dMMR tumors in the perioperative setting: The IMHOTEP trial; Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) targeting Programmed death-1 (PD-1) have shown their efficacy in advanced MSI/dMMR (microsatellite instability/deficient mismatch repair) tumors. The MSI/dMMR status predicts clinical response to ICI. The promising results evaluating ICI in localized MSI/dMMR tumors in neoadjuvant setting need to be confirmed in MSI/dMMR solid tumors. The aim of the IMHOTEP trial is to assess the efficacy of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 treatment in MSI/dMMR tumors regarding the pathological complete response rate. Methods: This study is a prospective, multicenter, phase II study including 120 patients with localized MSI/dMMR carcinomas suitable for curative surgery. A single dose of pembrolizumab will be administered before the surgery planned 6 weeks later. Primary objective is to evaluate the efficacy of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab according to pathological complete tumor response. Secondary objectives are to assess safety, recurrence-free survival and overall survival. Ancillary studies will assess molecular and immunological biomarkers predicting response/resistance to ICI. First patient was enrolled in December 2021. Discussion: The IMHOTEP trial will be one of the first clinical trial investigating perioperative ICI in localized MSI/dMMR in a tumor agnostic setting. Assessing neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 is mandatory to improve MSI/dMMR patient's outcomes. The translational program will explore potential biomarker to improve our understanding of immune escape and response in this ICI neoadjuvant setting.
Decreased Tertiary Lymphoid Structures in Lung Adenocarcinomas with ALK Rearrangements; Purpose: This study sought to characterize the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) of lung adenocarcinomas with ALK rearrangements (ALK+ LUAD), which responds poorly to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) therapy. Materials and methods: Immune score evaluation and immunohistochemical (IHC) validation of B cells, cytotoxic, helper, regulatory T cells, dendritic cells, and tumor-associated macrophages were performed on the TCGA cohort and the whole tissue sections of our matched surgical samples, respectively, between ALK+ and ALK− LUAD. The formation and spatial organization of TLS, intra- and extra-TLS immune cell features, and tumor PD-L1 expression were analyzed independently. Results: Immune scores and TLS-signature gene levels were found to be lower in ALK+ TCGA LUAD. Quantitative IHC comparison confirmed the lower densities of TLS (0.10/mm2 vs. 0.34/mm2, p = 0.026) and intra-TLS immune cells (CD4+ helper T cells: 57.65/mm2 vs. 274.82/mm2, p = 0.026; CD8+ cytotoxic T cells: 22.46/mm2 vs. 172.83/mm2, p = 0.018; and CD20+ B cells: 36.08/mm2 vs. 207.29/mm2, p = 0.012) in ALK+ surgical samples. The TLS formation was negatively correlated with tumor progression in ALK+ tumors. The proportion of intra-TLS CD8+ cytotoxic T cells was the independent protective factors of node metastasis (HR: 0.599, 95% CI: 0.414–0.868, p = 0.007), and the density of intra-TLS CD20+ B cells was the independent protective factor of pStage (HR: 0.641, 95% CI: 0.446–0.922, p = 0.016). Tumors with intratumoral TLS showed significantly higher expression of PD-L1 (p = 0.029). Conclusion: ALK+ LUAD harbored a cold TIME featured by decreased TLS formation, which closely correlated to tumor progression and might contribute to the poor efficiency of ICIs.
Comprehensive genomic profiling of Finnish lung adenocarcinoma cohort reveals high clinical actionability and SMARCA4 altered tumors with variable histology and poor prognosis; Introduction: Lung adenocarcinoma is the most common type of lung cancer and typically carries a high number of mutations. However, the genetic background of the tumors varies according to patients’ ethnic background and smoking status. Little data is available on the mutational landscape and the frequency of actionable genomic alterations in lung adenocarcinoma in the Finnish population. Materials and methods: We evaluated the gene alteration frequencies of 135 stage I–IV lung adenocarcinomas operated at Turku University Hospital between 2004 and 2017 with a large commercial comprehensive genomic profiling panel. Additionally, we correlated the alterations in selected genes with disease outcomes in 115 stage I–III patients with comprehensive follow-up data. The genomic alterations in a sub-cohort of 30 never-smokers were assessed separately. Results: Seventy percent of patients in the overall cohort and 77% in the never-smoker sub-cohort harbored an alteration or a genomic signature targetable by FDA and/or EMA approved drug for non-small cell carcinoma, respectively. In multivariable analysis for disease-specific survival, any alteration in SMARCA4 (DSS; HR 3.911, 95%CI 1.561–9.795, P=0.004) exhibited independent prognostic significance along with stage, tumor mutation burden, and predominant histological subtypes. Conclusions: Over two thirds of our overall cohort, and especially never-smokers had an actionable genomic alteration or signature. SMARCA4 alterations, detected in 7.4% of the tumors, independently predicted a shortened overall and disease-specific survival regardless of the alteration type. Most SMARCA4 alterations in our cohort were missense mutations associated with differentiated predominant histological subtypes and immunohistochemical SMARCA4/BRG1 and TTF-1 positive status.
Pathological complete response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy correlates with peripheral blood immune cell subsets and metastatic status of mediastinal lymph nodes (N2 lymph nodes) in non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy has got clinical benefits in parts of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. The factors affecting the pathological response of NSCLC remain controversial. Methods: A retrospective study of 59 patients with resectable stage IIA-IIIB NSCLC who were treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy was performed. The clinical characteristics were analyzed in the pathological complete response (pCR) group and the non-pCR group. The immune cell subsets in peripheral blood were detected by flow cytometry. Results: By analyzing the correlation between pathological response and clinical characteristics, we found that patients with N2 metastases were less effective in neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (P = 0.001). Programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression and treatment cycle were not related to pathological response (P > 0.05). Lower levels of total T cells, Th cells, and higher levels of NK cells in baseline were associated with pCR (P < 0.05). And during neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy, total T cells and activated T cells were significantly increased in patients with pCR (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The peripheral blood immune cell subsets and lymph node status were closely related to pathological response in patients with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy. No significant correlation was found between pathologic response and PD-L1 expression.
Landscape of Genomic Alterations and PD-L1 Expression in Early-Stage Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC)—A Single Center, Retrospective Observational Study; Precision oncology and immunotherapy have revolutionized the treatment of advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Emerging studies show that targeted therapies are also beneficial for patients with driver alterations such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations in early-stage NSCLC (stages I–IIIA). Furthermore, patients with elevated programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression appear to respond favorably to adjuvant immunotherapy. To determine the frequency of genomic alterations and PD-L1 status in early-stage NSCLC, we retrospectively analyzed data from 2066 unselected, single-center patients with NSCLC diagnosed using next-generation sequencing and immunohistochemistry. Nine-hundred and sixty-two patients (46.9%) presented with early-stage NSCLC. Of these, 37.0% had genomic alterations for which targeted therapies have already been approved for advanced NSCLC. The frequencies of driver mutations in the early stages were equivalent to those in advanced stages, i.e., the rates of EGFR mutations in adenocarcinomas were 12.7% (72/567) and 12.0% (78/650) in early and advanced NSCLC, respectively (p = 0778). In addition, 46.3% of early-stage NSCLC cases were PD-L1-positive, with a tumor proportion score (TPS) of ≥1%. With comparable frequencies of driver mutations in early and advanced NSCLC and PD-L1 overexpression in nearly half of patients with early-stage NSCLC, a broad spectrum of biomarkers for adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapies is available, and several are currently being investigated in clinical trials.
Integrative Analysis of Bioinformatics and Machine Learning Algorithms Identifies a Novel Diagnostic Model Based on Costimulatory Molecule for Predicting Immune Microenvironment Status in Lung Adenocarcinoma; Costimulatory molecules are an indispensable signal for activating immune cells. However, the features of many costimulatory molecule genes (CMGs) in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) are poorly understood. This study systematically explored expression patterns of CMGs in the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) status of patients with LUAD. Their expression profiles were downloaded from The Cancer Genome Atlas and the Gene Expression Omnibus databases. Two robust TIME subtypes (“hot” and “cold”) were classified by K-means clustering and estimation of stromal and immune cells in malignant tumor tissues using expression data. The “hot” subtype presented higher infiltration in activated immune cells and enrichments in the immune cell receptor signaling pathway and adaptive immune response. Three CMGs (CD80, LTB, and TNFSF8) were screened as final diagnostic markers by means of Least Absolute Shrinkage Selection Operator and Support Vector Machine–Recursive Feature Elimination algorithms. Accordingly, the diagnostic nomogram for predicting individualized TIME status showed satisfactory diagnostic accuracy in The Cancer Genome Atlas training cohort as well as GSE31210 and GSE180347 validation cohorts. Immunohistochemistry staining of 16 specimens revealed an apparently positive correlation between the expression of CMG biomarkers and pathologic response to immunotherapy. Thus, this diagnostic nomogram provided individualized predictions in TIME status of LUAD patients with good predictive accuracy, which could serve as a potential tool for identifying ideal candidates for immunotherapy.
Integrative Analysis of Bioinformatics and Machine Learning Algorithms Identifies a Novel Diagnostic Model Based on Costimulatory Molecule for Predicting Immune Microenvironment Status in Lung Adenocarcinoma; Surgery is the main treatment in stage I-IIIA NSCLC. Several phase 3 randomized adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials with platinum-based chemotherapy were performed in these stages. These trials demonstrated a significant 5 % benefit in 5y-survival in favour of (neo)-adjuvant chemotherapy in stage II and IIIA. This benefit was confirmed in two meta-analyses of individual participant data. Conversely for stages I the benefit of chemotherapy was suggested only for tumors > 4 cm. Lung-ART/IFCT-0503 trial did show the lack of benefit for adjuvant radiotherapy in fully-resected N2 patients. The peri-operative impact of targeted treatments in NSCLC with molecular alterations is actually suggested by one study in patients with EGFR mutations. Finally, the checkmate 816 trial suggested that neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors in association to standard chemotherapy provide a significant benefit in event-free survival, although overall survival data are still awaited. 1877-1203/© 2022 SPLF. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
The Role of Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio in Predicting Pathological Response for Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Treated with Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy Combined with PD-1 Checkpoint Inhibitors; Purpose The aim of our study was to investigate the value of baseline and preoperative neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) in predicting the pathological response and disease-free survival (DFS) of neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone or combined with programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) checkpoint inhibitors in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Materials and Methods Resectable NSCLC patients who underwent neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone or combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors between January 2018 and January 2020 were included. Peripheral venous blood samples of the patients were collected within 3 days prior to the first neoadjuvant treatment and within 3 days prior to surgery. Results A total of 79 patients in neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors group and 89 patients in neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone group were included. Thirty-five point four percent of the patients achieved pathological complete response (pCR) in neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors group, whereas only 9.0% reached pCR in the group of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. High NLR level were correlated with poor pathological response and DFS in neoadjuvant chemotherapy or combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors group. Multivariate analysis revealed that baseline NLR could independently predict pathological response and DFS in the neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors group. Conclusion High NLR level were correlated with poor pathological response and shorter DFS in patients with NSCLC undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy or combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors. Meanwhile, baseline NLR could independently predict response to pathological response and DFS, revealing its potential as a screening tool in NSCLC patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with PD-1 checkpoint inhibitors.
An EMT-based risk score thoroughly predicts the clinical prognosis, tumor immune microenvironment and molecular subtypes of bladder cancer; Background: Epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT) is closely related to the occurrence, development, metastasis and antitumor immunity of tumors. However, comprehensive studies correlating EMT and prognosis, tumor microenvironment (TME) and molecular subtypes of bladder cancer (BLCA) are lacking. Methods: TCGA-BLCA was chosen as our training cohort, while Xiangya cohort, GSE13507, GSE48075 were selected as our validation cohorts. Prognostic genes were screened out using univariate Cox analysis and the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) algorithm. Then we developed an EMT risk score based on these prognostic genes and systematically correlated the risk score with prognosis, TME and molecular subtypes of BLCA. Results: Based on EMT related genes, we developed two different EMT patterns, named EMT cluster 1 and cluster 2, and found that cluster 2 showed a worse prognosis and an inflammatory TME phenotype. For personalized prognosis and TME phenotypes predicting, we developed and validated an EMT-based risk score by 7 candidate genes (ANXA10, CNTN1, FAM180A, FN1, IGFL2, KANK4 and TOX3). Patients with high EMT risk scores had lower overall survival (OS) with high predictive accuracy both in the training cohort and validation cohort. In addition, we comprehensively correlated the EMT risk score with TME and molecular subtype, and found that high EMT risk score suggested higher levels of immune cell infiltration and more inclined to present the basal molecular subtype. It was noteworthy that the same results also appeared in the validation of Xiangya cohort. Conclusions: EMT related genes play an important role in tumor progression and immunity in BLCA. Our EMT risk score could accurately predict prognosis and immunophenotype of a single patient, which could guide more effective precision medical strategies.
Safety of salvage lung resection after immunotherapy for unresectable non-small cell lung cancer; Background: The safety of salvage lung resection after immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is not well understood. Methods: In this retrospective multicenter study, we reviewed perioperative morbidity and mortality rates in 11 patients (8 men, 3 women; median age 70 years) who underwent salvage lung resection for unresectable NSCLC after ICI therapy in the 4 years since 2017. Operative factors were also compared according to operating time (> 6 h, n = 7; < 6 h, n = 4). Results: The clinical stage at the time of diagnosis was IIIA in 2 patients, IIIB in 4, IVA in 2, and IVB in 3. Eight patients received pembrolizumab and 3 received durvalumab. Two patients received an ICI agent alone, 3 underwent chemoradiotherapy, and 6 received chemotherapy. Lobectomy was performed in 10 cases and bilobectomy in 1 case. All patients underwent complete resection. Median operating time was 429 (range 169–570) min with a median blood loss of 199 (range 10–5, 140) mL. The only intraoperative complication was damage to the pulmonary artery. The perioperative morbidity and mortality rates were 27% and 0%, respectively. The 90-day mortality rate was 9% (1 patient died of acute exacerbation of interstitial pneumonia). Patients in whom the operating time was > 6 h more frequently had lymph node metastasis at the time of initial diagnosis (100% vs 25%, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Salvage lung resection was tolerated after ICI therapy in these patients. Lymph node metastasis at the time of initial diagnosis might make salvage surgery difficult.
Neoadjuvant Sintilimab and Chemotherapy for Resectable Stage IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Evidence of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer remains investigational and requires prospective validation. This phase II trial (https://www.chictr.org.cn/historyversionpub.aspx?regno=ChiCTR1900023758) aimed to investigate the safety and effectiveness of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor sintilimab in addition to chemotherapy in the management of resectable stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer. Methods: Eligible patients received two to four 21-day cycles of neoadjuvant therapy: sintilimab (200 mg) and carboplatin (area under the curve 5) on day 1, gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) on day 1 and day 8 for squamous cell carcinoma, or pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) on day 1 for adenocarcinoma and non-small cell lung cancer not otherwise specified. The primary endpoints were adverse events and major pathological response. The secondary endpoint was disease-free survival at 1 year. Results: Fifty patients were enrolled, and 23 (46%) achieved partial response after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Four (8%) patients experienced grade 3 to 5 adverse events. Thirty patients received surgery, none of whom experienced treatment-related surgery delays, and 13 (43.3%) of 30 patients achieved major pathological response (viable tumor ≤10%). With a median follow-up of 13.6 months, 85.3% of patients were disease-free at 1 year (N = 50). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant sintilimab with platinum-containing dual-agent chemotherapy was feasible and safe for patients with resectable stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer.
Impact of neoadjuvant therapy on postoperative complications in non-small-cell lung cancer patients subjected to anatomic lung resection; Objective: To study the impact of neoadjuvant therapies on postoperative complications and mortality among non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients subjected to anatomic lung resection and included in the Spanish cohort of the video-assisted thoracic surgery (GE-VATS) multicenter database. Methods: The study included a total of 3085 patients from 33 centers between December 2016 and March 2018. We performed a comparative analysis of the complications and mortality in patients who received neoadjuvant therapies (n = 263) versus those who did not (n = 2822). A propensity score-matched analysis was used to adjust for potential confounders. Association between exposure in two groups and outcomes were estimated by logistic regression weighted by inverse of probability of receiving the treatment that actually received. Results: In the unadjusted analysis, the chemotherapy (CT) and chemoradiotherapy (CRT) group presented a higher frequency of ICU readmissions, reinterventions, empyema, cardiovascular complications, a greater frequency of atrial fibrillation, and an increased need for blood product transfusions. In the adjusted group, CT and CRT patients had a higher rate of cardiovascular complications (CT p = 0.002; OR 2.29; 95% CI 1.34–3.94 and CRT p = 0.001; OR 2.90; 95% CI 1.52-5-52), arrhythmias (CT p = 0.013; OR 2.23; 95% CI 1.18–4.20 and CRT p = 0.046; OR 2.22; 95% CI 1.01–4.90) and transfussions (CT p = 0.042; OR 2.95; 95% CI 1.04–8.35 and CRT p < 0.001; OR 7.74; 95% CI 3.01-19-92). Conclusions: Based on our series, neoadjuvant CT and CRT were associated with a higher rate of cardiovascular complications, arrhythmias and transfussions in patients with NSCLC subjected to anatomic lung resection.
Dynamic 18F-FDG PET/CT can predict the major pathological response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Major pathological response (MPR) is a potential surrogate for overall survival. We determined whether the dynamic changes in 18F-labeled fluoro-2-deoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (18F-FDG PET/CT) were associated with MPR in patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Forty-four patients with stage II–III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy and radical surgery were enrolled. Moreover, 18F-FDG PET/CT scans were performed at baseline and within 1 week before surgery to evaluate the disease. All histological sections were reviewed to assess MPR. The detailed clinical features of the patients were analyzed. The reliability of the clinical variables was assessed in differentiating between MPR and non-MPR using logistic regression. Receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis identified the SUVmax changes threshold most associated with MPR. Most of the patients were pathologically diagnosed with squamous cell carcinoma and received anti-PD-1 antibodies plus chemotherapy. The immunotherapy regimens included nivolumab, pembrolizumab, and camrelizumab. MPR was observed in more than half of lesions. Tumors with MPR had a higher decrease in the longest dimension on dynamic PET/CT than those without MPR. Furthermore, the decline in SUVmax was significantly different between MPR and non-MPR diseases, and MPR lesions had a prominent mean reduction in SUVmax. SUVmax reduction was independently associated with MPR in the multivariate regression. On ROC analysis, the threshold of SUVmax decrease in 60% was associated with MPR. Dynamic changes in SUVmax were associated with MPR. The tumors with MPR showed a greater PET/CT response than those without MPR. A SUVmax decrease of more than 60% is more likely to result in an MPR after receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy.
EP02.04-008 Efficacy and Safety of Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Clinical trials have investigated the benefit of combining chemotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients has been investigated. Our aim is to synthesize the evidence of efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treatment in a systematic review. Methods: We have conducted a search on PubMed, EMBASE, and CENTRAL. Our inclusion criteria contained clinical trials of stage I-IIIA NSCLC patients who underwent any combination of ICIs and chemotherapy. Primary outcomes were major pathological response (MPR) and pathological complete response (pCR), and the secondary outcomes were overall survival (OS) at 24 months and the adverse events rate to represent safety. A meta-analysis was conducted for MPR and pCR, in addition to a meta-regression model to investigate the effect of PD-L1 expression, tumor mutational burden (TMB), N stage (8th AJCC), tumor size and tumor histology on MPR. PD-L1+ patients were defined to have a tumor proportion score of more or equal to 1%. Results: We included 9 phase II clinical trials and 1 phase III trial, all consisting of 471 patients. Trials have administered neoadjuvant chemotherapy agents like carboplatin (N = 6 studies), cisplatin (N = 5), nab-paclitaxel (N = 4), pemetrexed (N = 2), and others, either as a double- or a triple-agent regimen. ICIs used were anti-PD-1 (N = 5), anti-PD-L1 (N = 3), or anti-CTLA-4 agents (N = 2). Meta-analysis of 447 patients from 9 trials resulted in a pooled MPR of 49.2% (95% CI: 34.8 to 63.7%) with a high heterogeneity (I2 = 87%, p < 0.01). Pooling the pCR from 10 trials including 471 patients results in a value of 27.5% (95% CI: 17.2 to 38.2%) with a significant heterogeneity (I2 = 80%, p < 0.01). We have also found a significant association between MPR and being PD-L1+ (odds ratio = 3.82, 95% CI: 1.55 to 9.58 p < 0.005) via meta-regression. However, this effect diminished in the multiple meta-regression that included age, tumor histology, in addition to PD-L1 status. Achieving a pCR was not correlated by none of those factors. Determining the effect of tumor size, T stage, or TMB on MPR or pCR was not possible due to underreported data. Three trials containing 137 patients reported a 24-month OS of 84.4% (95% CI: 77.6 to 90.2%) with a low heterogeneity (I2 = 11%, p = 0.33). The most common grade 3/4 AEs from the neoadjuvant treatment were neutropenia (7.2%), diarrhea (3.2%), fatigue (3.0%), and anemia (2.1%). The most common any-grade AEs were fatigue (43.9%), alopecia (38.4%), diarrhea (31.6%), anemia (23.8%) and neutropenia (17.0%). Conclusions: The addition of ICIs to chemotherapy in neoadjuvant settings is an effective and feasible option. Survival outcomes and pathological response are favorable to these of neoadjuvant immunotherapy alone. We recommend further investigation of the effect of tumor size and TMB on MPE and pCR for better selection of treatment candidates. Keywords: NSCLC, Chemoimmunotherapy, Neoadjuvant
EP05.02-019 Transitioning to Neoadjuvant Therapy for Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Surgical Outcomes in a Regionalized Pulmonary Oncology Network; Introduction: Neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) allows pre-operative tumor downstaging and evaluation of pathological response. Clinical trials have demonstrated benefit of using NAT in the context of locally advanced non-small cell cancer (NSCLC). However, NAT is not commonly employed around the world and data are lacking as to how to establish a NAT program for locally advanced resectable NSCLC. The aim of this study is to evaluate the evolution in care patterns for patients with resectable locally advanced NSCLC within a regionalized pulmonary oncology academic network and to assess the impact of transition towards a large-scale NAT program. Methods: Patients with proven clinical stage II-III NSCLC who underwent surgery at a University based unit from 2015-20 were identified from a prospectively maintained institutional thoracic cancer registry, supplemented by retrospective review of patients’ charts. Demographic, clinical and pathological variables were gathered. Peri-operative outcomes were compared between patients who received NAT to those treated by upfront surgery (S). Prospectively collected surgical complications data were classified according to validated severity grading system (modified Clavien-Dindo). Chi-square and Fischer exact test were used to compare categorical data and independent T-test to compare numerical data. Logistic regression analyses were performed to assess risk factors for developing post-operative complication. Results: A total of 3,533 patients with NSCLC were assessed for eligibility. 434 met inclusion criteria; 110 (25.3%) NAT and 324 (74.7%) S. Post-operative complication occurred in 249 patients (57.4%). No differences in number of minor (grade I-II) and major (grade III-V) post-operative complications was observed between groups (P=.127). Postoperative mortality was 0.9% (n=1) and 1.5% (n=5) in the NAT and S respectively. Median length of stay (days) was similar; NAT=4 (1-94) and S=5 (1-73) (P=.647). Readmission frequency was similar; 7 (6.4%) NAT and 34 (10.4%) S (P=.258). Multivariable regression demonstrated that Neoadjuvant-treated patients were no more likely as those who underwent upfront surgery to suffer from post-operative complication (aOR=1.36, 95% CI= 0.76-2.43). Higher post-operative complication was observed in older patients (>65y.o.) (aOR=2.32, 95% CI=1.17-4.61), current smokers (aOR=2.04, 95% CI=1.04-4.02), diagnosed in 2017 (aOR=2.61, 95% CI=1.26-5.40) and those that underwent open surgery (aOR=1.67, 95% CI=1.03-2.70). An increase from 10% to 44% in neoadjuvant administration was noted during this 5-year period. A rise in neoadjuvant regimen diversity was observed over the years with advances in targeted therapies and immunotherapies, and reduced use for pre-operative radiation. Conclusions: No significant differences in perioperative outcomes were observed in patients undergoing neoadjuvant therapy for clinical stage II and III NSCLC, as compared to those who underwent upfront surgery. This study illustrates a progressive transition towards neoadjuvant therapy amongst operable NSCLC patients which is safe and feasible from a surgical perspective. Further analysis of long-term outcomes will be done to determine if neoadjuvant is as effective as adjuvant therapy, the current standard of care. Keywords: Neoadjuvant therapy, Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), Thoracic surgery
EP02.04-010 Clinical Outcomes After Neoadjuvant Tislelizumab plus Chemotherapy in Resectable Stage IIIA-B NSCLC: A Retrospective Study; Introduction: Tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy was approved for first-line treatment of advanced squamous cell lung carcinoma and non-squamous non-small cell lung carcinoma in China. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of neoadjuvant Tislelizumab plus chemotherapy in resectable stage IIIA-B NSCLC in a real-world setting. Methods: We retrospectively collected medical data of patients (pts) with resectable IIIA-B (AJCC8th) NSCLC who received neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy and who successfully underwent surgery between Feb 2020 and Jan2022 at First Affiliated Hospital, Guangzhou Medical University. The primary endpoints were the downstaging rate and major pathological response rate (MPR); the secondary endpoints were surgical outcomes, including feasibility and safety outcomes etc. Results: 19pts were eligible for inclusion with the median age was 57years (range 45-78),94.74%male and 63.16% squamous cell lung carcinoma. Neoadjuvant therapy options included tislelizumab plus (Alb)paclitaxel/ pemetrexed and carboplatin; All pts received 2-4cycles neoadjuvant therapy except1 had 5 cycles and 1 had 1cycle; the downstage rate was 78.95% (95% CI: 54.43, 93.95) a; The major pathological response and pathological complete response were78.95% (95%CI: 54.43, 93.95) and 52.63% (95%CI: 28.86, 75.55), respectively; R0 surgery rate was 100%;the median surgery interval was 35.5 (range 7-55)* days. After a postoperative follow-up with median 10.5 (range 3-21) months, 19 pts were alive and recurrence-free. Besides two cases of mild pruritus, no other immune-related AE was reported. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant tislelizumab combined with chemotherapy may be a valid treatment for resectable stage IIIA-B NSCLC in pathological remission and tumor downstage, does not affect the feasibility of surgery. [Formula presented] Keywords: Resectable Stage IIIA-B NSCLC, Neoadjuvant Tislelizumab plus Chemotherapy, Clinical Benefit and Surgical Outcomes
EP05.02-021 An Updated Analysis of Toripalimab and Platinum-Doublet Chemotherapy as Neoadjuvant Therapy for Potentially Resectable NSCLC; Introduction: We initiated a prospective, single-arm, phase II study to explore the efficacy, safety, and feasibility of neoadjuvant toripalimab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy in treatment-naive patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The preliminary results of the study have been presented in 2021 WCLC poster 15.02. Here we report updated data (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04144608). Methods: The study enrolled patients with non-driver gene mutation stage IIIA-IIIB potentially resectable NSCLC. All patients received 2-4 cycles of toripalimab (240 mg d1), nab-paclitaxel (260 mg/m2 d1) (non-squamous cell carcinoma: pemetrexed 500 mg/m2 d1) and carboplatin (AUC 5 d1) or cisplatin (75 mg/m2 d1) before surgery, every 3 weeks. Preoperative imaging evaluation and surgical indication evaluation were performed within 3-5 weeks after completion of neoadjuvant therapy. Within 30 days after surgery, another 2 cycles of adjuvant toripalimab plus chemotherapy were administered, followed by toripalimab monotherapy for 13 cycles (240 mg, Q3W). The primary endpoint was R0 resection rate. Pathologic complete responses (pCR), major pathologic responses (MPR), disease free survival (DFS), and safety were set as secondary endpoints. Results: As of March 15, 2022, a total of 40 patients with stage III potentially resectable NSCLC were screened, and 7 patients were still receiving neoadjuvant therapy. Among 33 evaluable patients, 3 did not meet surgical criteria, and 30 (90.9%) met surgical criteria including 4 who refused surgery due to financial factors and personal needs. R0 resection was achieved in all 26 patients who underwent surgery. The actual operation rate was 78.8% (26/33), the MPR was 57.7% (15/26), and the pCR was 42.3% (11/26). In evaluable patients, the median age was 58, 12.1% were females and 18.2% were non-smokers. 87.9% patients (29/33) had squamous cell lung cancer, and 45.5% (15/33) patients were identified with stage IIIB disease. In surgical population, the median duration of follow-up was 16 months (range: 3-28), and the 1 and 2-year DFS rates were 89.4 % and 72.9%. No new unexpected adverse events were observed. Conclusions: The updated results further demonstrate that neoadjuvant toripalimab combination is highly efficient and well-tolerated in potentially resectable NSCLC. And more importantly, an improvement in survival can be expected. Keywords: Neoadjuvant, Toripalimab, Potentially Resectable NSCLC
PL03.12 Progression Free Survival and Overall Survival in NADIM II Study; Introduction: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy been shown to be highly effective in resectable stage IIIA NSCLC, in NADIM trail. Here we provide the results of the ransomized trial NADIM II. Methods: NADIM II (NCT03838159) is an open-label, randomized, two-arm, phase II, multi-center clinical trial. Patients with resectable clinical stage IIIA (per AJCC 7th ed) NSCLC, ECOG PS 0-1, and no known EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized to receive Nivolumab (NIVO) 360mg + Paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + Carboplatin AUC5 for 3 cycles every 21 days (+/- 3 days) as neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgery, or Paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + Carboplatin AUC5 for 3 cycles every 21 days (+/- 3 days) followed by surgery. Patients with R0 resection confirmed by pathological evaluation initiated adjuvant administration of NIVO (480 mg Q4W) within the 3rd to 8th week (+ 7 days) from surgery and for 6 months. The primary endpoint was pathological complete response (pCR). Progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and biomarker analysis are secondary endpoints of the trial. Results: Median follow-up time was 21.9 months (95%CI: 18.7-23.3). At the time of data cutoff (March 2021), PFS at 24 months was 67.3% (95%CI: 55.5-81.6) for patients treated with nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus 52.6% (95%CI: 36.8-75.2) for patients treated with chemotherapy (hazard ratio: 0.56; 95%CI: 0.28-1.15; P= 0.117). OS at 24 months was 85.3% (95%CI: 75.7-96.1) with nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus 64.8% (95%CI: 47.4-86.4) with chemotherapy (hazard ratio, 0.37; 95%CI, 0.14-0.93; P=0.003). In the experimental arm, PDL1 expression (≥1%) significantly identified patients with improve PFS (HR: 0.26; 95%CI: 0.08-0.77; P = 0.015). Pathological complete response (pCR) rate was 36.2% in the experimental arm versus 6.8% in the control arm (P = 0.007). None of the patients showing a pCR has progressed or deceased (P LogRank <0.001 and P LogRank= 0.013 for PFS and OS, respectively). Conclusions: The efficacy of nivolumab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with resectable stage IIIA NSCLC is supported by survival data. The benefit is especially observed in patients with tumors with positive PD-L1 expression and in those patients achieving pCR. (survival data will be updated for the meeting) Keywords: IIIA NSCLC, neoadjuvant IO plus chemotherapy, PFS OS
MA06.03 Pre-treatment ctDNA Levels Significantly Predicts of OS and PFS in NADIM II Trial; Introduction: Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy has recently received approval for early-stage non-small cell lung cancer. Prognostic factors capable to discriminate between patients at high- or low-risk of progression and death can be useful to tailor subsequent treatment. Methods: NADIM II (NCT03838159) is an open-label, randomized, two-arm, phase II, multi-center clinical trial. Patients with resectable clinical stage IIIA (per AJCC 7th ed) NSCLC, ECOG PS 0-1, and no known EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized to receive Nivolumab (NIVO) 360mg + Paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + Carboplatin AUC5 for 3 cycles every 21 days (+/- 3 days) as neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgery, or Paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + Carboplatin AUC5 for 3 cycles every 21 days (+/- 3 days) followed by surgery. Patients with R0 resection confirmed by pathological evaluation initiated adjuvant administration of NIVO (480 mg Q4W) within the 3rd to 8th week (+ 7 days) from surgery and for 6 months. The circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), from the pre-treatment plasma sample, was analyzed with the TruSight Oncology ctDNA next-generation sequencing (NGS) assay. Results: Median follow up time was 21.2 (15.1-25.6) months. Baseline ctDNA was detected in 52 of 54 (91.4%) of the pre-treatment plasma samples and were significantly associated with tumor size (maximum diameter ≥ 70mm) (P=0.006). Pre-treatment ctDNA levels were significantly associated with progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) and regardless of the cutoff used (table 1). Using a cutoff of <5% mutant allele frequency (MAF), patients with low ctDNA levels), at baseline, had significantly improved PFS and OS than patients with high ctDNA levels (HR: 0.19; 95%CI: 0.07-0.52; P=0.013 and HR: 0.13; 95%CI: 0.04-0.45; P=0.001, for PFS and OS, respectively). Conclusions: Baseline ctDNA clearly identified patients at high risk of progression and death and may be used to tailor subsequent treatments accordingly. [Formula presented] Keywords: ctDNA levels, overall survival prediction, neoadjuvant CH-IO
EP05.02-004 Could Fifty Percent Tumor Viability Be a Good Prognostic Factor?; Introduction: Pathological response is an indicator of prognosis in patients with non-small cell lung cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy if the tumor viability is below 10%. We aimed to investigate the effects of up to 50% tumor viability on overall survival in pathological examinations after lung surgery. Methods: From April 2006 to January 2022, 105 consecutive patients with anatomic lung resection after neoadjuvant therapy for non-small cell lung cancer in our clinic were retrospectively screened. Demographic, operative, pathological and survival data of the patients were recorded. All pathology reports were scanned one by one and viable tumor rates were recorded where possible and the survival analysis was performed according to tumor viability. Results: Of 105 patients, 48 (45.7%) received chemotherapy, 40 (38%) chemoradiotherapy, and 17 (16.2%) received chemoimmunotherapy. Neoadjuvant treatment was decided for 54.5% of the patients because of N2, and other patients were given due to various locally advanced disease. 51.5% of the patients were diagnosed with adenocarcinoma. A maximum of 50% vitality was observed in 69.9% of the 83 patients whose vitality data were available. When survival analysis was performed according to 50% tumor viability, it was observed that 2-year and 5-year survivals were better in the patient group with 50% or less tumor viability, although it was not statistically significant. The 2-year survival was 85% vs. 75.7%, and the 5-year survival was 78.9% vs. 56.7% in favor of the group with viability is below 50%. Conclusions: Tumor viability of 10% or less is known as a good prognostic factor in lung cancers after neoadjuvant therapy. Whereas, in our series, although it did not reach statistical significance, it was revealed that the viability that increased up to 50% was a relatively good prognostic factor. In order to clarify this issue, multicenter studies are needed in homogeneous patient groups. Keywords: Neoadjuvant therapy, tumor viability, lung cancer
MA12.04 SAKK 16/14: CD8 T Cell Positioning Correlates with Survivalin Stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC After Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy; Introduction: Spatial distribution of immune cells within the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) influences response to immunotherapy in many malignancies, but its role in neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is not clearly established. To address this knowledge gap, we performed digital pathology analysis of tumor tissue obtained from patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin/docetaxel followed by treatment with the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in the single-arm phase II trial SAKK 16/14. Methods: Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue specimens of 21 initial biopsies (IB) and 38 resection specimens (RES) were obtained from patients enrolled in the trial SAKK 16/14. Tissue was immunostained for CD3, CD8, CD20 and FoxP3. Digitalized slides were annotated for invasive cancer. A machine-learning classifier was trained to localize and quantify marker-positive immune cell densities within the epithelial and stromal compartments. Also, the TIME for each specimen was classified as excluded ("cold tumor") or inflamed ("hot tumor") by pathologist consensus. Event-free survival (EFS) was analyzed by Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Results: The infiltration densities of CD3 T cells, CD8 T cells, CD20 B cells and Foxp3 T cells in IB (Fig. 1A) and RES (Fig. 1B) were comparable in hot and cold tumors. Stratification of tumors based on their immune cell positioning (excluded or inflamed phenotype) in the IB strongly correlated with EFS (p=0.008, Fig. 2A). This association was driven by CD8 T cell infiltration in the tumor (Fig. 2B), but not for the stromal compartment (Fig. 2C) or total T cell content (Fig. 2D) as assessed by digital pathology, with similar trends observed for CD3 T cells (Fig. 2E) and CD20 B cells (Fig. 2F). Conclusions: Immune phenotyping of the tumor and spatial distribution of CD8 T cells correlates with EFS in the SAKK16/14 cohort. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: neoadjuvant immunotherapy, CD8 T cells, spatial distribution
EP02.01-011 Immune-related Histologic Phenotype in Pretreatment Tumor Biopsy Predicts Efficacy of Neoadjuvant Anti-PD-1 Treatment in Squamous Lung Cancer; Introduction: The neoadjuvant platform affords a valuable resource for understanding the responses to therapy and carrying out reverse translation. We aimed to develop a pretreatment histologic scoring system to predict the efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Methods: 140 NSCLC cases were evaluated in this study. Initially, surgical specimens from 31 squamous cell lung cancer patients with neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 therapy and eligible paired pretreatment biopsies were used for pathologic evaluation after neoadjuvant immunotherapy and develop the pretreatment scoring system. Immune-related histologic phenotype assessment criteria (irHPC) was developed based on the pathologic features identified after neoadjuvant treatment. Three trained pathologists independently scored the hematoxylin-eosin (HE) slides of the pretreatment tumor biopsies according to irHPC. The follow-up was from March 7, 2018, to December 31, 2021, mainly focusing on disease free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). Secondarily, 109 biopsies of lung squamous cell carcinoma were evaluated to explore the relationship between eosinophils and PD-L1 expression. Results: Superior 2-year DFS rates were observed in patients who achieved MPR (MPR vs. Non-MPR: 92.9% vs. 78.6%). Whether necrosis was included in the calculation of percent of residual viable tumor (%RVT) or not had almost no effect on the consistency of pathologic assessment and the histological response grouping. The inter-pathologist variability of assessing %RVT with immune-activated phenotype was not statistically significant (P=0.480). Four immune-related features of pretreatment biopsies were included for calculating the predictive score. The trained pathologist accurately predicted most cases according to irHPC. For inter-observer reproducibility using “2 points” as the cut-off point, the overall percent agreement was 77.8%. The reliability between pathologists for a binary tumor evaluation showed “moderate” agreement (κ=0.54). Patients with score≥2 points tended to have a better 2-year DFS rate compared to those with score<2 points (85.7% vs. 71.4%). Conclusions: The irHPC scoring system reflecting the preexisting immune response could be used to predict the pathologic response of neoadjuvant immunotherapy, possibly further predict the long-term prognosis, but still needs larger trails to verify. Keywords: Neoadjuvant, Biopsy, Predict
OA14.06 T-Cell Dynamics in Response to Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Early NSCLC by Antigen Response and T-Cell Receptor Sequencing; Introduction: The Phase II LCMC3 (NCT02927301) trial of neoadjuvant atezolizumab in early-stage NSCLC (primary efficacy population [patients with surgery, excluding EGFR/ALK alterations]) showed a 20% (29/143) major pathologic response (MPR, ≤10% viable tumor) rate. LCMC3 incorporated numerous biomarker analyses. We explored the impact of treatment on T-cell dynamics in the tumor and peripheral blood in association with pathologic response. Methods: T-cell receptor β-chain (TCR) sequencing using immunoSEQ® technology (Adaptive Biotechnologies) and Multiplex Identification of T-Cell Receptor Antigen (MIRA®, Adaptive Biotechnologies) specificity were performed on treatment-naive (pre-treatment) and post-atezolizumab (post-treatment) peripheral blood and tumor tissue. Clonality (Simpson), richness (downsampled) and T-cell fraction were computed for each sample, and for pre- vs post-treatment paired samples. Differential abundance analysis of paired samples was used to identify individual T-cell clone expansion post-treatment. P-values were unadjusted for multiple comparisons. In performing MIRA, T cells from pre-treatment, post-treatment or combined pre-and post-treatment samples were exposed to transgenes encoding tumor-specific neoantigens (median, 80 chosen/patient; range, 21-80) to identify TCRs responding to ≥1 tumor-specific antigen (MIRA+ TCRs). Results: 134/143 patients (94%) had TCR sequencing performed on ≥1 sample type. Of these, 113 (84%) and 87 (65%) had paired pre- and post-treatment samples from the periphery or tumor, respectively; 80 (60%) had both pairs. In the tumor, T-cell clonality increased in patients with both nonsquamous (NSQ; n=80) and squamous (SQ; n=49) histology (P<0.01), and richness decreased (NSQ, P=0.05; SQ, P=0.03) following treatment. Clonality increased regardless of PD-L1 expression in patients with NSQ, and only with TPS<50% in SQ. In the periphery, clonality increased (P=0.01) and richness decreased (P=0.02) in SQ only. Pathologic response was associated with pre-treatment T-cell fraction (NSQ only, r=0.55, P<0.01), higher post-treatment clonality in the tumor (NSQ+SQ combined, r=0.26, P<0.01) and post-treatment T-cell fraction (NSQ+SQ combined, r=0.32; P<0.01). The change for pre- to post-treatment clonality showed a weak but significant positive correlation with response (NSQ+SQ combined, r=0.22; P=0.05). 60% (range, 10%-90%) of clones that expanded in the tumor were present in pre-treatment tumor samples. 24/30 (80%) MIRA-profiled patients had ≥1 MIRA+ TCR identified (recognizing a median [range] of 6% [1%-21%] of neoantigens tested). More MIRA+ TCRs were identified in post-treatment (n=3) MIRA samples than pre-treatment (n=10) samples (median [range], 40 [6-57] vs 6.5 [0-13], P=0.06; the remaining 17 patients were from combined timepoints). There was no difference between responders and non-responders in MIRA+ TCR numbers (median [range], 8.5 [0-57] vs 2 [0-100] for MPR=No [n=12] vs MPR=Yes [n=5]; P=0.84); notably, the patient with 100 MIRA+ TCRs (for 16/78 neoantigens tested) was the only complete responder (100% pathologic response) profiled with MIRA. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant atezolizumab in early-stage NSCLC increased specific T-cell clone expansion in the tumor compared with pre-treatment, which was associated with better pathologic response. Higher pre-treatment T-cell fraction was associated with response in the NSQ subtype. The number of tumor antigen-specific T-cell clones alone post treatment did not differentiate pathologic responders from non-responders. Understanding T-cell dynamics of atezolizumab response, including tumor subtype-specific differences, may inform future neoantigen prediction and development of novel therapeutic concepts. Keywords: T cell receptor sequencing, Early stage NSCLC, Neoadjuvant atezolizumab
EP02.04-007 Phase 2 Trial of Neoadjuvant KRASG12C Directed Therapy with Adagrasib (MRTX849) With or Without Nivolumab in Resectable NSCLC (Neo-KAN); Introduction: The majority of patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) experience relapse following surgery despite standard of care systemic therapies. These patients are in critical need of new treatment approaches, and neoadjuvant systemic therapy provides an opportunity to improve rates of cure. The KRASG12C mutation is present in more than 13% of NSCLC tumors. Novel inhibitors of KRASG12C have shown promise in advanced NSCLC, including adagrasib (MRTX849), with 43% confirmed objective response rate and 80% disease control rate. Furthermore, emerging data suggests that adagrasib reconditions the tumor microenvironment to enhance anti-tumor immune activity, and combination treatment with anti-PD-1 therapy was found to augment rates of durable response in pre-clinical studies. Use of targeted therapy in the neoadjuvant setting offers potential benefits over adjuvant therapy, including pathologic treatment response assessment, earlier treatment of micrometastatic disease, limited duration of drug exposure, as well as the opportunity to implement surgical prehabilitation programs to improve surgical outcomes and safety. The association between pathologic complete response (pCR) and event-free survival has been demonstrated in NSCLC clinical trials. The aim of this study is to assess the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant adagrasib alone and in combination with nivolumab in resectable NSCLC with a KRASG12C mutation. Methods: This is a prospective, open-label, multicenter, phase 2 trial to assess the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant adagrasib with and without nivolumab. Adult patients with newly diagnosed, resectable stage IB-IIIA NSCLC (AJCC 8th edition; tumor ≥3 cm and/or N1-2) harboring a KRASG12C mutation are eligible. Up to 42 patients will be sequentially enrolled to receive adagrasib 600 mg twice daily for 42 days (Cohort A) or adagrasib 400 mg twice daily for 42 days concurrent with nivolumab 240 mg every 2 weeks for 3 doses (Cohort B). Patients then proceed to surgery within two weeks of the end of the neoadjuvant regimen (3-14 days), followed by standard postoperative treatment at the discretion of their treating oncologist. The primary endpoints are safety and feasibility as well as pCR rate in each cohort. Our hypothesis for pCR is that treatment in either cohort will achieve a pCR rate of ≥20%. Secondary endpoints include major pathologic response rate, surgical outcomes, event-free survival, and overall survival. Detailed correlative studies to characterize molecular and immunologic features associated with response will include multiplex immunohistochemistry, T-cell receptor sequencing, MANAFEST, and whole exome sequencing of tissue specimens, as well as plasma circulating tumor DNA analysis. [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant therapy, Immunotherapy, KRAS targeted therapy
OA02.03 Tumor Bulk-RNA Seq Identifies Patients at High Risk of Progression in Non-complete Pathological Responders from NADIM Trial; Introduction: Pathological response is postulated as a surrogate for survival in patients treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy. In this sense, non-complete pathological response (non-CPR) patients present higher risk of disease progression compared to complete pathological responders (CPR). To identify gene expression patterns that may affect long-term outcomes in this high-risk group, we analysed surgical samples of non-CPR patients and characterized the differences between progressors and non-progressors. Methods: Surgical tissue samples from patients with resectable stage IIIA NSCLC from NADIM trial (NCT03081689) were analysed. Tumor RNA was sequenced using the Oncomine® Immune Response panel which targets 395 genes related to immunological processes. Differential-expressed genes (DEGs) between groups and pathway enrichment analysis were assessed using DESeq2 and Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA). CIBERSORTx was used to estimate the proportions of immune cells subtypes. Patients were classified into CPR (n=22) and non-CPR (n=14). Patients with non-CPR were further categorized as progressors (P, n=5) or non-progressors (NP, n=9) depending on whether they had disease progression or not at 34.2 months from diagnosis. Values with the highest likelihood ratio from the ROC curve analysis were used as thresholds to categorize DEGs or immune cell subsets for each patient into high or low groups. Results: 22 genes were upregulated in non-CPR patients compared to CPR, most of them related to proliferation (CDKN3, CCNB2, KIAA0101, MKI67, BUB1, CDK1, TOP2A, FOXM1, MELK, MAD2L1), tumor markers (CDKN2A, KRT5, BRCA1, TWIST1), among others (MAGEA3, CEACAM1, CXCL8, TNFRSF18, G6PD, HMBS, DGAT2, ISG15). Further GSEA analysis showed an upregulation of pathways related to antigen processing, TCR coexpression and lymphocyte infiltrate in CPR patients. Non-CPR patients showed an upregulation of proliferation, tumor marker, interferon signalling, housekeeping and tumor antigen pathways. Regarding differences between P and NP, 10 genes were identified as differentially upregulated in P patients: IFI6 and OAS3, involved in interferon signaling; AKT and KRT7 as tumor markers; BST2, ISG15 and IFI27 involved in type I interferon signaling as well as, CD8B, SDHA, HMBS and OAS1. Higher levels of IFI6 (p=0.010), BST2 (p=0.010), CD8B (p=0.019), AKT (p=0.033), OAS3 (p=0.010) and IFI27 (p=0.010) in post-treatment samples of non-CPR patients were associated with lower progression-free survival (PFS). In addition, higher levels of HMBS (p=0.018) and AKT (p=0.003) were associated with lower overall survival (OS). Patients with high AKT expression present a higher risk of progression (HR: 10.31; 95%CI 1.2-88.8) and death (HR:50.6; 95%CI 3.77-680.5). The median PFS for patients with high AKT was 12.3 months (95%CI 0-32.6) and not reached for those with low AKT. No differences were observed between P and NP patients in the estimated cell proportions. However, higher proportion of activated dendritic cells or neutrophils in non-CPR patients were associated with lower PFS (p=0.019, p=0.053) and OS (p=0.033, p=0.003), respectively. Conclusions: The upregulated pathways in surgical samples of CPR patients suggested that an effective immune response to PD-1 blockade was done. Additionally, we have identified an immune expression signature in surgical specimens associated to disease progression for non-CPR patients which could help in the follow-up and therapeutic management of these high-risk patients. Keywords: stage IIIA NSCLC, pathological response, Tumor Bulk-RNA seq
EP02.03-009 Real-world Disease-Free Survival as a Predictor of Overall Survival in Resected Early-Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Intermediate endpoints (e.g., disease-free survival [DFS]) have shown very good correlation with overall survival (OS) in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) clinical trials. Yet limited studies quantified the clinical and economic burden of disease recurrence in this population in the real-world. This study aims to assess the association between real-world DFS (rwDFS) and OS and estimate the clinical and economic burden associated with recurrence among patients with resected early-stage NSCLC. Methods: This retrospective, observational study used the linked SEER-Medicare database (2007-2019) to identify patients with newly diagnosed stage IB (tumor size>4cm)-IIIA NSCLC who received primary surgery before 2015 with or without adjuvant chemotherapy and did not receive neo-adjuvant chemotherapy or adjuvant radiation therapy. rwDFS was defined as time from primary surgery to first recurrence (diagnosis of metastatic disease, additional surgery, radiation therapy, or systemic treatment for advanced or metastatic NSCLC) or death, whichever occured first. OS was defined as time from primary surgery to death. Correlation between rwDFS and OS was assessed using the normal scores rank correlation. Median OS was compared between patients with and without recurrence at 1, 3 and 5-year landmarks post-surgery; hazard ratios were estimated using Cox models adjusted for disease stage, histology type, age at surgery, gender, race, adjuvant chemotherapy status, and comorbidities. All-cause and NSCLC-related healthcare resource utilization and costs will be compared between patients with and without recurrence using generalized linear models. Results: 1,748 patients with early-stage NSCLC post-primary surgery (1,187 with recurrence and 561 without) met the eligibility criteria (median follow-up from surgery to death or end of data: 55.1 months). The mean age at primary surgery was 73.8 years; 47.9% were male, 83.6% were white and 40.5% received adjuvant chemotherapy. A higher proportion of stage IB NSCLC (29.8% vs. 18.0%) and a lower proportion of stage IIIA NSCLC (15.9% vs. 29.7%) were observed among patients without recurrence than those with recurrence. The estimated normal scores rank correlation demonstrated a statistically significant correlation between rwDFS and OS (0.57; 95% CI: 0.53-0.61; P<0.001). Patients with recurrence had significantly shorter OS than those without recurrence at each landmark post-surgery. Specifically, the median OS for patients with recurrence were 2.67, 3.52, and 3.71 years as compared to 6.76, 6.50, and 5.72 years for patients without recurrence at 1-year, 3-year, and 5-year landmarks (P<0.001 at each landmark). Adjusted Cox models indicated that patients with recurrence had 2.1-2.4 times increased risk of death as compared to those without. Conclusions: In an era preceding the availability of immunotherapy in early-stage NSCLC, we observed a positive correlation between rwDFS and OS, and recurrence following resection is significantly associated with a shorter OS among patients with early-stage NSCLC. Additional analyses on clinical and economic burden associated with recurrence among the study population are ongoing and will be presented. Keywords: real-world disease-free survival, non-small cell lung cancer, real-world overall survival
EP16.01-030 Peripheral T-Cell Receptor Repertoire Profiling in Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Using an Amplicon-Based Sequencing Assay; Introduction: Diversity of the T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire plays essential roles in the adaptive immune response, including against tumor-derived antigens. Within the tumor microenvironment, high TCR clonality is correlated with response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and an increase in CD8+ T cells recruitment and expansion results via the restoration of MHC I expression, in EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) treated tumors. Whether peripheral TCR repertoire diversity indexes are similarly correlated with molecular subtypes of cancer and treatment responses has not yet been examined. Here we report the development and utility of a novel amplicon-based TCR sequencing assay to characterize the circulating peripheral TCR repertoire of NSCLC patients. Methods: A multiplexed molecular-barcoded primer panel targeting the TCR-beta V- and J-genes was designed for nucleic acid-based detection of TCR-beta CDR3 rearrangement of T-cell populations. An in-house analysis pipeline was developed employing error correction to accurately identify the V-gene and J-gene usage and somatic hypermutations in TCR-beta CDR3 sequences. Peripheral TCR repertoire was determined for 92 metastatic NSCLC patients (79 treatment-naïve and 13 treated with first-line TKI) using genomic DNA extracted from peripheral blood (buffy coat). In the matched plasma samples, somatic mutations were characterized in cell-free DNA (cfDNA) using the LiquidHALLMARK assay. The TCR-beta repertoire was analyzed in terms of unique diversity, productive TCR d50 (percentage of unique CDR3 sequences that account for 50% of the total number of sequences observed) and clonality. Results: The average peripheral TCR repertoire diversity in this dataset was 3997 (+/- 2572) unique clonotypes from 300 ng of buffy coat genomic DNA. Average productive TCR clonality was 0.123 (+/- 0.07) and productive TCR d50 index was 0.162 (+/- 0.08). Among treatment-naive samples, those that were positive for TP53 mutation in cfDNA (n = 28) had a lower productive d50 index compared to those that were negative (n = 51) (0.143 vs 0.183, p = 0.06), in agreement with previous research findings. However, the diversity statistics were not significantly different between patients with (n = 42) and without (n = 37) EGFR mutation detected in cfDNA at baseline. Samples from patients treated with first-line TKI compared to treatment-naïve samples, had higher productive TCR clonality (0.155 vs 0.118, p = 0.07) and lower productive TCR d50 index (0.882 vs 0.831, p = 0.02), suggesting clonal expansion following treatment with TKI. Among EGFR-positive patients treated with first-line TKI, higher productive clonality was found in non-responsive patients (n = 6), compared to responsive patients (n = 7) but this was not statistically significant (p = 0.28), indicative of a lack of increase in diversity being associated with reduced response to treatment. Conclusions: Our preliminary data demonstrates the differences in peripheral TCR repertoires by molecular subtypes of NSCLC, and treatment status. Compared to tumor infiltrating TCR repertoires, the determination of peripheral TCR repertoires can be done non-invasively and serially. The TCR sequencing method can complement plasma-based cfDNA sequencing through serial testing which provides insights into clonal diversity evolution and patient’s immunological status. Keywords: Immune repertoire, TCR-sequencing, clonality
EP05.02-010 Robotic-Assisted Thoracic Surgery Following Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in Patients with Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a heterogeneous group of diseases. For this subset of patients, clinical management is still under debate and prognosis remains poor so far. In the present study, we aimed to evaluate the feasibility and safety of robotic-assisted thoracic surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in stage III NSCLC. Methods: A real-world prospective cohort study was performed in a single-center setting from April 2021 to December 2021. Patients who were diagnosed with resectable or potentially resectable stage IIIA-B NSCLC and received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy followed by robotic-assisted thoracic surgery were enrolled. Pathological response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, treatment-related adverse events and surgical outcomes of these patients were evaluated. Results: A total of 44 patients who underwent robotic-assisted thoracic surgery after 3 doses of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy were included in this study. Of these, 37 of 44 (84.1%) patients had major pathological response, and 26 (59.1%) had pathological complete response based on pathological examination of surgical specimen. Eight patients (18.2%) suffered grade 3 treatment related adverse events, including neutropenia (n=4), increased aminotransferases (n=3), anemia (n=1) and cutaneous capillary endothelial proliferation (n=1). Robotic-assisted thoracic surgery was performed subsequently, and R0 resection was achieved in all patients. Only 2 (4.5%) patient required conversion to thoracotomy. Surgical complications occurred to 5 (11.4%) patients, including air leak (n=3), chylothorax (n=2) and surgical site infection (n=1). There was no re-surgery or postoperative mortality within 90 days. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy showed high pathological remission rate in stage III NSCLC. Robotic-assisted thoracic surgery following neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was not associated with unexpected perioperative morbidity or mortality, and may be a promising therapeutic option in stage III NSCLC. These results need further confirmation by more large-scale clinical trials. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: non-small cell lung cancer, neoadjuvant therapy, robotic-assisted thoracic surgery
EP16.01-018 SAKK 16/14 -Peripheral Immune Cell Populations Inresponse to Neoadjuvant Durvalumab in Patients with Stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC; Introduction: Various peripheral immune cell populations have previously been implicated as potential biomarkers for response to immune checkpoint inhibition, although with inconsistent results between studies. The single-arm phase II trial SAKK 16/14 confirmed the efficacy of perioperative treatment with the andi-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with a clinically meaningful benefit compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone. To evaluate the impact of treatment on the immune system, we comprehensively profiled immune cell populations derived from SAKK16/14 patients’ peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) by mass cytometry. Methods: PBMCs were obtained from five responder and five non-responder patients. Responder patients showed complete pathological response (pCR) and nodal clearance at resection and remained event-free for at least 12 months. For each patient, we analyzed PBMCs obtained before neoadjuvant treatment (TP1) and after sequential neoadjuvant chemotherapy and durvalumab (TP3). PBMCs were stained with a custom antibody panel designed to assess the expression of 35 protein markers and analyzed with cytometry by time of flight (CyTOF). Results: Four responder and four non-responder patients had sufficient cell events at both time points for analysis. Cells were displayed in two-dimensional space with optSNE and clustered using the FlowSOM algorithm (Fig. 1A) to identify major immune cell populations. Differential enrichment between responders and non-responders was assessed with edgeR. No significant differences in frequencies of major immune populations (including monocytes, dendritic cell subsets, B cells, natural killer cells, cytotoxic and helper T cells and others) were detected between the patients displaying different clinical outcomes (Fig. 1B). Senescent, CD57+ T cells were enriched in non-responder patients whereas Ki67+ proliferating CD8 T cells were enriched in responders (Fig. 1C). However, these differences were mainly driven by individual patients (Fig. 1D). There was also no on-treatment identified changes in peripheral immune cell populations in responding and non responding patients (TP1 vs TP3, Fig. 1D). Conclusions: Although statistically significant enrichments of some immune populations were detected, the low number of samples prevented us to conclusively rule out changes in other peripheral immune populations. To increase confidence in the results, the analysis should be conducted in a larger patient cohort. Results obtained here will be put into context with other ongoing analyses of the trial SAKK 16/14, including T cell receptor sequencing as well as transcriptomic and pathological analysis of the tumor microenvironment. [Formula presented] Keywords: neoadjuvant immunotherapy, Peripheral immune cell populations, CYTOF
EP05.01-024 Real-life Management of Stage III NSCLC Patients in Italy: The BE-PACIFIC Observational Study; Introduction: Stage III locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) includes a heterogeneous group of patients with diverse disease presentation, biological portrait and prognosis. Given its complexity, optimal management of patients requires tailored approach through a multidisciplinary team (MDT) decision-making process. According to the PACIFIC trial [NCT02125461] results, the evolving treatment paradigm in the setting of unresectable disease includes the programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitor durvalumab as beneficial consolidation immunotherapy following chemoradiation. Here we report the final results from the ‘Italian oBsErvational study on Patient mAnagement strategies in real-world Clinical practIce For patIents with loCally advanced (stage III) NSCLC’ (BE-PACIFIC), aimed at describing diagnostic work-up and treatment of stage III NSCLC according to the Italian standard clinical practice, and outcomes during observation. Methods: The BE-PACIFIC study is an observational multicenter retrospective prospective cohort study, involving both a primary data collection and secondary use of data. Adult patients diagnosed with stage III NSCLC were included by 40 sites and followed-up for 12 months after diagnostic process completion. Results: A total of 296 eligible patients were considered in this analysis. Baseline characteristics are reported in Table. [Formula presented] The median (25th-75th Percentiles) duration of the diagnostic process was 30.4 (21.0-60.9) days, with 144 (48.6%) patients completing the work-up in a single cancer center. MDT was involved in the treatment plan definition of 88.7% (n/N=260/293) patients with available data, with participation of oncologists, radiation oncologists, radiologists, pneumologists, surgeons and pathologists in ≥50% of cases. PD-L1 level was initially tested in 196 patients, with ≥1% of tumor cells expressing PD-L1 in 133 (67.9%) patients. PD-L1 level was tested later during observation in 59 additional patients. Sixty patients had tumor resection, mostly associated with neoadjuvant (27, 45.0%) or adjuvant (21, 35.0%) treatment. Chemoradiation was used in 165 (69.9%) of 236 non-resected patients, followed by durvalumab in 79 cases. Overall, 82 (27.7%) patients underwent durvalumab, 70.7% of whom had ongoing treatment at end of observation. An overall response to durvalumab was shown in 17 of 71 evaluable patients (23.9%). Disease progression or death occurred in 153 (51.7%) patients during observation, regardless of treatment. Conclusions: According to the BE-PACIFIC final results, the MDT was largely involved in stage III NSCLC management, with at least 75% of patients completing the diagnostic process within 2 months. Consolidation durvalumab was used in 48% of non-resected patients treated with chemoradiation, with favorable retention in treatment and response, consistently with the PACIFIC trial findings. Keywords: locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer, Patient Management, Real World Evidence
EP02.04-004 Time to Surgery After Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy: Not a Day Too Soon; Introduction: The timing of surgery after neoadjuvant cytotoxic therapy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is based on the time required for recovery of bone marrow function and the patient’s performance status. By convention, surgical resection has been performed 3-4 weeks after preoperative chemotherapy and 4-8 weeks after preoperative chemoradiation. It is unclear whether these empirically defined time delays to surgery are also applicable to the timing of surgical resection after neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Here we report the association between the timing of surgical resection and pathological response after neoadjuvant immunotherapy using durvalumab with or without focal stereotactic radiation (8Gyx3). Methods: Between January 2017 and September 2020, 60 patients with NSCLC clinical stages I-IIIA were randomly assigned to receive two three-weekly cycles of neoadjuvant durvalumab (D) alone or the same therapy combined with sub-ablative focal stereotactic radiation (8Gyx3) delivered concurrently with the first cycle of D. Major pathological response (MPR) was the primary endpoint. Surgical resection was planned 1-6 weeks after the last cycle of durvalumab. The planned surgical resection was performed in 26 patients in each arm. Transcriptomic profiling was performed on 32 pre and 46 post-treatment samples. Based on the median time to surgical resection(16 days), two groups were created; Group A (16 days or less) and Group B (>16 days). Results: Twenty-seven patients were operated a median of 13 days after the last D cycle (Group A) and 25 after a median of 22 days (Group B). Baseline demographic, clinical and molecular characteristics including PD-L1 expression, EGFR mutations and gene expression profiles in pretreatment samples were similar between the two groups. Nine patients had a MPR in each group including a complete pathological response in 3/9 patients in Group A and 5/9 patients in Group B (Table 1). There was also no difference between the two groups in the depth of pathological response. Finally, there was no difference in immune gene expression profiles of resected tumors between the two groups. Conclusions: Lung resection after neoadjuvant durvalumab with or without sub-ablative focal stereotactic radiation can be performed as early as two weeks after the end of neoadjuvant therapy without compromising the rate of MPR or the depth of pathological response. [Formula presented] Keywords: Lung Cancer, Immunotherapy
EP05.02-014 Neoadjuvant Toripalimab Combination in Patients with Stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC: A Single-Arm, Phase 2 Trial (Renaissance Study); Introduction: PD-1 inhibitors have displayed potential anti-tumor activities in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here we conducted a single center, prospective study to investigate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant toripalimab (the first PD-1 inhibitor from china) plus double platinum-based chemotherapy for stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Methods: Study eligibility involved stage IIB-IIIB, wildtype EGFR/ALK NSCLC pts with ECOG PS 0-1 status. Pts received 2-4 cycles of toripalimab (240mg, q3w) plus cisplatin-based chemotherapy. All pts were assessed by imaging/surgical indication after the second cycle of treatment. Pts who cannot undergo surgery will be reassessed after another 1-2 cycles of neoadjuvant therapy. Primary endpoints were major pathological response (MPR), complete pathological response (pCR). Secondary endpoints were objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate and safety. Clinical trial information: NCT04606303. Results: A total of 53 eligible pts (median age: 62, IQR: 45-76; female: 5, 9.4%; squamous cell carcinoma: 42, 79.2%) were enrolled and received 2-4 cycles neoadjuvant treatment since Mar 2021. Disease distribution in stage IIB, IIIA and IIIB consisted of 15, 30 and 8 pts, respectively. 15 pts were in the preoperative stage or unsuitable for surgery. 39 pts underwent resection (median interval between neoadjuvant treatment and surgery: 67 days, IQR: 39-113). 25 pts (25/39, 64.1%) achieved MPR, including 20 pts (20/39, 51.3%) with pCR. R0 resection was achieved in all 39 pts (100%). 29 pts underwent surgery with cN2/N1 at baseline (29/31, 93.5%) achieved nodal downstaging. 49 pts finished the treatment schedule and radiological reassessment, ORR was 85.7% (42/49). Grade 1-2 TRAEs were reported in 46 pts (46/49, 93.9%). Grade 3-4 TRAEs were reported in 15 pts (15/49, 30.6%). Of the pts who underwent surgery, 3 pts (3/39, 7.7%) experienced grade 2-3 irAE (enteritis or rash) and received glucocorticoid therapy. Interestingly, all these 3 pts achieved pCR, and the median interval between neoadjuvant treatment and surgery was 56 days (IQR: 56-70). Compared with all pts underwent surgery, there were no treatment-related surgical delay and additional surgery difficulty for these 3 pts. It may suggest that pts who experienced grade 2-3 irAEs have a better pCR rate (100% vs 47.2%). Of the pts who were preparing or unsuitable for surgery, 2 pts experienced grade 2-3 irAE (enteritis or pneumonia) and received glucocorticoid therapy, 1 had partial response (PR) after neoadjuvant treatment and maintained stable disease (SD) after 10 months of observation, another had clinical complete response (cCR) after neoadjuvant treatment. Of all 5 pts who experienced irAEs and received glucocorticoid therapy, the median onset time of irAE was 12 days (IQR: 7-54), the median duration time of glucocorticoid therapy was 12 days (IQR: 7-79). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant toripalimab plus platinum-based doublet is a promising, tolerable and effective treatment for pts with stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Interestingly, a potential correlation between grade 2-3 irAE and the efficacy of neoadjuvant toripalimab combination was observed. And we are looking forward to a more complete and solid correlation. Keywords: Neoadjuvant, PD-1 inhibitor, NSCLC
OA09.05 Neoadjuvant IL-15-PDL1 Antibody Promotes T cell Memory and Decreases Metastatic Recurrence in Resectable NSCLC; Introduction: Identifying mechanisms of long-term responses to immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI) is key to developing new therapies for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Herein we explore the effects of ICI therapy in an immunocompetent murine model of lung adenocarcinoma that displays delayed systemic recurrence after tumor resection. We hypothesized that targeting the immune repertoire of the tumor draining lymph node (TDLN) with a memory inducing IL-15-PDL1 bispecific antibody (KD033) would establish immunosurveillance and decrease metastatic recurrence. Methods: We utilized an immunocompetent murine model of highly metastatic lung adenocarcinoma (344SQ) after resection of tumor, TDLN, and non-draining lymph nodes (NDLN). Using bioluminescent imaging (BLI) and flow cytometric analysis (FACS) we monitored T-cell kinetics and anti-tumor activity after administration of anti-PD1 antibody and/or KD033, a fusion antibody combining a high affinity anti- PD-L1 IgG1 antibody with an IL15Rα sushi binding domain. Tumor/TDLN and NDLN T cells were characterized for CD62L/CD44/CXCR5 memory phenotypes. In parallel, we analyzed resected tumor, TDLN and NDLN from early-stage NSCLC patients. Results: TDLN from murine models and early-stage patients maintain a robust PD-1 + CXCR5+ CD8 T cell memory phenotypes not significantly found in the primary tumor, NDLN and peripheral blood (Fig. 1A). Neoadjuvant treatment with PD-1 axis blockade alone had a heterogenous response, with robust proliferation of T-cell central and “stem cell like” memory populations (CM & SCM) at the TDLN and a subsequent decrease in metastatic recurrence in 30% of mice. Combination therapy with IL-15 agonist (KD033) potentiated diverse PD-1+ CD8 effector memory (EM) population in the TDLN and subsequent response at the primary tumor as well as displayed superior protection against metastatic recurrence up to 200 days compared to PD-1 inhibition or KD033 alone (median survival undetermined vs. 120d, 161d respectively p<0.05, Fig. 1B). Removal of TDLN prior to neoadjuvant combination therapy did not significantly affect the antitumor efficacy, or CD8 T cell infiltration at the primary tumor. However, removal of the TDLN prior to therapy decreased a population of SCM and CM CD8 T cells found in the primary tumor and altered systemic memory subpopulations in the NDLN (p<0.05, Fig. 1C). Conclusions: Our data suggests that an Il-15/anti-PD1 neoadjuvant treatment strategy maintains an optimal response to metastatic recurrence. Promoting T-cell memory in the TDLN through IL-15-based immunomodulation may increase immunosurveillance and thus improve overall survival providing a rationale for an upcoming neoadjuvant clinical trial. [Formula presented] Keywords: Lung Cancer, Immunotherapy
MA06.09 Deep Learning for Predicting MPR to Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in NSCLC; Introduction: A significant percentage of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients could not achieve major pathologic response (MPR) through the neoadjuvant immunotherapy. This study, based on multicenter cohorts, purposes to utilize CT images to construct and validate a deep learning model for predicting MPR of NSCLC patients treated by neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Methods: Patients undergoing curative surgery after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for NSCLC at Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital, Ningbo Hwa Mei Hospital, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University and Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital from January 2019 to December 2021 were included. The baseline characteristics and chest CT images within 2 weeks before neoadjuvant administration were retrospectively collected. Patients in Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital were divided into a training cohort and an inter-validation cohort at a ratio of 7 to 3, and patients at other centers were all grouped into the exter-validation cohort. Results: A total of 274 patients were included, 142, 61 and 71 patients were divided into the training cohort, inter-validation cohort and exter-validation cohort, respectively. Most patients (n = 148, 54.0%) were evaluated as MPR and pathological complete response was achieved in 29.9% (n = 82) patients. The area under the curve (AUC) of the deep learning model to distinguish MPR was 0.73 (95% CI: 0.58 - 0.86) and 0.72 (95% CI: 0.58 - 0.85) in the inter-validation cohort and the exter-validation cohort, respectively. After integrating clinical characteristics into the deep learning model. The combined model achieved satisfactory performance in the inter-validation cohort (AUC: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.64 - 0.89) and the exter-validation cohort (AUC: 0.75, 95% CI: 0.62 - 0.87), Conclusions: This is the first study to investigate the predictive value of deep learning for neoadjuvant immunotherapeutic efficacy in NSCLC. The proposed deep learning model can effectively predict MPR of NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy, Deep learning, Non-small cell lung cancer
970TiP SKYSCRAPER-05: Phase II study of neoadjuvant atezolizumab (Atezo) + tiragolumab (Tira) with or without platinum-based chemotherapy (CT) in patients (Pts) with locally advanced resectable stage II‒IIIB NSCLC; Background: For resectable NSCLC, surgery (often with neoadjuvant or adjuvant CT), is the standard of care. However, benefit is modest and there is need to improve outcomes. Atezo (anti-PD-L1) has shown promising efficacy as monotherapy and in combination with CT in NSCLC. Inhibition of the PD-L1 pathway may be amplified by inhibition of TIGIT signaling. In CITYSCAPE (phase II; NCT03563716), tira (anti-TIGIT) + atezo was well tolerated and improved objective response rate vs atezo alone in 1L metastatic PD-L1+ NSCLC. Hypothesis: tira + atezo may provide clinical benefit in the neoadjuvant setting by enhancing anti-tumour immune response and eradicating micrometastases, reducing risk of disease recurrence. SKYSCRAPER-05 (NCT04832854) will evaluate safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of neoadjuvant tira + atezo ± CT in pts with resectable NSCLC. Trial design: In this global, open-label study, ∼82 pts with histologically/cytologically confirmed, resectable Stage II, IIIA, or select IIIB (T3N2 only) NSCLC who are eligible for R0 resection with curative intent; without EGFR/ALK mutations; ECOG PS 0–1; with no prior cancer immunotherapy, CT or radiotherapy for NSCLC will be enrolled into two cohorts. Cohort A: pts with PD-L1 TC ≥50% tumours or Cohort B: pts independent of PD-L1 status. Pts will receive 4 cycles of neoadjuvant tira 600 mg IV + atezo 1200 mg IV Q3W (Cohort A) (CT-free option) or in combination with platinum-doublet CT Q3W (Cohort B). Following resection, pts will receive adjuvant tira + atezo or platinum-based CT Q3W (Cohort A) or adjuvant tira + atezo for 16 cycles (Cohort B) until disease recurrence or unacceptable toxicity. Investigator-selected CT options are cisplatin or carboplatin + pemetrexed, carboplatin + paclitaxel, and cisplatin or carboplatin + gemcitabine. Primary endpoints: central pathology laboratory-assessed major pathological response, treatment-related surgical delays, cancellations/complications and safety. Secondary endpoints: pathological complete response and event-free survival. Exploratory biomarkers will be evaluated. Recruitment is ongoing. Clinical trial identification: NCT04832854. Editorial acknowledgement: Medical writing assistance, under the direction of the authors, was provided by Ashfield MedComms, an Ashfield Health company. Legal entity responsible for the study: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. Funding: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. Disclosure: H. Pass: Financial Interests, Speaker’s Bureau: BeiGene, Genentech Inc; Financial Interests, Royalties: NIH cell lines, Mesothelioma Book; Financial Interests, Advisory Board: genentech/Roche; Financial Interests, Research Grant: NCI/NIH, AACR; Financial Interests, Funding: NCI/NIH, AACR; Financial Interests, Advisory Role: Genentech/Roche. A.W. Kim: Non-Financial Interests, Advisory Board: Roche/Genentech Inc. E. Felip: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer, BeiGene, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristrol Meyers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Glaxo Smith Kline, Janssen, Medical Trends, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Pfizer, Puma, Sanofi, Takeda, Merck Serono, Peptomyc, Regeneron, Syneos Health, F. Hoffmann-La Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Bristrol Meyers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Medscape, Merck Sharp & Dome, Peervoice, Pfizer, Springer, Touch Medical, Amgen, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Janssen, Medical Trends, Merck Serono; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Independent member: Grifols; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker, Clinical Trial: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp, AstraZeneca AB, Daiichi Sankyo Inc, Exelixis Inc, Merck KGAA, Janssen Cilag International NV, GlaxoSmithKline Research & Development Limited, AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co KG, Novartis Farmaceutica SA, Bayer Consumer Care AG, Takeda Pharmaceuticals International, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, Pfizer S.L.U., Amgen Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb International Corporation (BMS), Mirati Therapeutics Inc; Non-Financial Interests, Leadership Role, President Elect (2021-2023): SEOM (Sociedad Espanola de Oncologia Medica); Non-Financial Interests, Member, Member of ESMO Nominating Committee and Compliance Committee: ESMO; Non-Financial Interests, Member, Member of Scientific Committee: ETOP (European Thoracic Oncology Platform); Non-Financial Interests, Leadership Role, Member of Board of Directors and the Executive Committee (2017-Sept 2021): IASLC (International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer). C.A. Shu: Financial Interests, Advisory Board: Genentech Inc, Mirati, AstraZeneca, Janssen. M. Frueh: Financial Interests, Advisory Board: Roche. B.J. Gitlitz: Financial Interests, Full or part-time Employment: Roche/Genentech; Financial Interests, Stocks/Shares: Roche/Genentech. S. Troutman: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Genentech; Financial Interests, Stocks/Shares: Roche. X. Liu: Financial Interests, Full or part-time Employment: Genentech Inc. J. Hsu: Financial Interests, Full or part-time Employment: Roche/Genentech Inc; Financial Interests, Stocks/Shares: Roche/Genentech. N. Patil: Financial Interests, Full or part-time Employment: Roche/Genentech Inc. R.D. Meng: Financial Interests, Full or part-time Employment: Genentech Inc; Financial Interests, Stocks/Shares: Genentech Inc. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
929MO Platform study of neoadjuvant durvalumab (D) alone or combined with novel agents in patients (pts) with resectable, early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Pharmacodynamic correlates and circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) dynamics in the NeoCOAST study; Background: Neoadjuvant therapy with PD-(L)1 inhibitors, both as monotherapy and in combination, leads to pathological responses in resectable, early-stage NSCLC. NeoCOAST (NCT03794544) is a phase 2 study of the anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) D alone or combined with the anti-CD73 mAb oleclumab (O), the anti-NKG2A mAb monalizumab (M), or the anti-STAT3 antisense oligonucleotide danvatirsen (Da) as neoadjuvant therapy. Methods: Pts with untreated, stage I [>2 cm]–IIIA NSCLC were randomized to receive 1 cycle of D alone or in combination. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed major pathological response (MPR) rate. In a subset of pts, treatment-induced transcriptomic changes were assessed by RNA sequencing from tumor tissue collected pre-treatment and at surgery. Using a tumor-informed method, ctDNA was analyzed pre-treatment, after treatment, and post-surgery. Molecular response (MR) is defined as ≥50% reduction in variant allelic fraction from pre-treatment. Results: As previously reported, MPR was numerically higher in all combination arms [D+O (n=4/21, 19%), D+M (n=6/20, 30%), and D+Da (n=5/16, 31%)], compared with D monotherapy [n=3/27, 11%]. Among pts with an MPR, 2 had EGFR driver mutations (both D+O arm); KRAS, STK11, RET and ALK alterations were observed in pts without an MPR. Expression of genes associated with NK cells (KLRC1, GNLY) and CD8 T cells (CD8A, GZMK) increased after treatment in all arms; with a greater increase with D+O and D+M (1–5 log2FC, adj p < 0.1) than D alone (0–1 log2FC, n.s.). Tertiary lymphoid structure, interferon, and inflammatory signatures were significantly upregulated after treatment in the D+O and D+M arms. Analysis of ctDNA identified pts who had MR (25–60% per arm after treatment, and 75–100% post-surgery), including pts without an MPR. Association of tumor mutational burden and additional biomarkers with clinical outcomes will be reported. Conclusions: Single cycle of D+O and D+M resulted in greater intra-tumoral immunomodulation than D alone. Clinical trial identification: NCT03794544. Legal entity responsible for the study: AstraZeneca. Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: J. Spicer: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Merck, BMS, Novartis, AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck, BMS, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Roche, Chemocentryx, Protalix Biotherapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Merck, AstraZeneca, Roche, Protalix Biotherapeutics, CLS Therapeutics. T. Cascone: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: SITC, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Roche, Medscape, Peerview; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca/MedImmune, Bristol-Myers Squibb, EMD Serono, Merck, Genentech, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: AstraZeneca/MedImmune, Bristol-Myers Squibb, EMD Serono. G. Kar: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca. J. Blando: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca. M. Cheng: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca. R. Mager: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca. O. Hamid: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca. Y. Soo-Hoo: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: AstraZeneca; Other, Personal, Proprietary Information: AstraZeneca. W. Weder: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca. M.R. Garcia Campelo: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD, BMS, Roche, BI, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Lilly, Takeda, Janssen; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD, BMS, Roche, BI, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Lilly, Takeda, Janssen. I. Grenga: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: AstraZeneca. R. Kumar: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Project Lead: AstraZeneca. L. McGrath: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: AstraZeneca, Jounce Therapeutics. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Camrelizumab combined with albumin paclitaxel and platinum in perioperative treatment of resectable squamous cell lung cancer: A single-arm, open-label, phase II clinical trial; Background: Several studies have shown that the combination of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor and chemotherapy is efficacious for resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, there are few studies on neoadjuvant immunotherapy for early stage lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC). This phase II study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of adding camrelizumab to standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy in early LUSC. Methods: In this single-arm phase II trial (ChiCTR2100044645), eligible patients were aged 18-70 years with previously untreated, histologically confirmed stage IIB-IIIB LUSC. Patients received camrelizumab (200 mg on day 1), albumin paclitaxel (90 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8) and a platinum agent (carboplatin area under the curve of 5 or cisplatin 75 mg/m2 on day 1) intravenously every 3-week cycle for two to four cycles, followed by surgery after 3-4 weeks. After surgery, patients received adjuvant treatment with camrelizumab monotherapy for 1 year. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR). Results: From March 2021 to March 2022, 26 patients were enrolled. As of April 8, 2022, all 26 patients received neoadjuvant therapy and 22 (22/26, 84.6%) had completed prescribed treatment, of whom 17 (17/22, 77.3%) underwent surgical resection. Among all the patients regardless of resection, the MPR rate was 38.5% (10/26, 95% CI 20.2%-59.4%), and the pathological complete response rate was 19.2% (5/26, 95% CI 7.6%-39.4%). Treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) occurred in 10 patients (10/26, 38.4%) and two (2/26, 7.6%) experienced grade 3 or 4 TRAEs. The most common TRAEs were rash (15.4%), myelosuppression (11.5%), hemoptysis (7.7%), immune dermatitis (3.8%) and diarrhea (3.8%). Of the 17 patients who had surgery, eight (47.1%) patients reported surgery-related complications, of whom six (35.3%) had intraoperative blood loss > 400 ml and five (29.4%) had postoperative indwelling catheter duration ≥ 7 days. Neither unexpected safety signals nor treatment-related death occurred. Conclusions: The addition of camrelizumab to neoadjuvant chemotherapy showed promising antitumor activity and manageable toxicity for resectable LUSC. Clinical trial identification: ChiCTR2100044645, March 25, 2021. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Changes in immune gene signatures after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treatment in NSCLC patients from NADIM trial; Background: RNAseq is a promising approach to monitor changes in the tumor microenvironment since it allows for multiple genes evaluation. We analyzed the differential immune expression pattern between pre- and post-treatment tissue samples of stage III NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy from the NADIM trial. Methods: Tissue samples derived from pre- and post- neoadjuvant treatment bulk tumor were sequenced using the Oncomine® Immune Response panel which targets 395 genes related to immunological processes. Differential-expressed genes between paired samples and pathway enrichment analysis were assessed using DESeq2 and Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA). CIBERSORTx was used to estimate the proportions of immune cells subtypes. Results were correlated with pathological response: complete (CPR, n=7) and non-complete (non-CPR, n=4) tumors. Results: CPR tumors showed differential expression of up to 74 genes between paired pre- and post-treatment tissue samples. Further analysis with GSEA reported an upregulation of interferon signalling, tumor antigens, type II interferon signalling and proliferation pathways in pre-treatment samples; whereas post-treatment samples revealed an upregulation of pathways related to lymphocyte infiltrate, antigen processing and TCR coexpression. In addition, post-treatment samples of CPR tumors showed higher proportion of CD8+ T cells (p=0.018), memory resting CD4+ T cells (p=0.018) and resting dendritic cells (p=0.028); and lower proportions of follicular helper T cells (p=0.028) and M1 macrophages (p=0.018). Regarding non-CPR, 8 genes were differentially expressed between pre- and post-treatment samples. GSEA analysis revealed an upregulation of lymphocyte infiltrate and TCR co-expression in post-treatment samples of non-CPR tumors. No differences were seen in the proportions of immune cells subtypes analysed. Conclusions: The greatest changes in the immune expression profile during neoadjuvant treatment were observed in CPR tumors reflecting an active immune response. There were little differences between paired samples of non-CPR tumors that denotes ineffective immune stimulation after treatment. Clinical trial identification: NCT03081689. Legal entity responsible for the study: Spanish Lung Cancer Group. Funding: BMS, Thermofisher provided reagents for RNA-seq. Spanish Lung Cancer Group promoted the NADIM study. ‘‘Instituto de Salud Carlos III’’ (ISCIII), European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), Ministry of Science and Innovation, European Social Fund (ESF) and Comunidad de Madrid supported authors’ contracts. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
967TiP An open-label, prospective, phase II, umbrella study of precise neoadjuvant therapy for patients with stage II-IIIB resectable non-small cell lung cancer (PURPOSE); Background: Survival outcomes of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) are unfavorable and benefit from perioperative chemotherapy is only around 5%. Recently, promising results with neoadjuvant immunotherapy and targeted therapy have been shown. However, almost all the clinical trials are looking for eligible patients for certain drugs, instead of seeking suitable treatments for certain patients. Therefore, we are carrying out the first umbrella trial on precise neoadjuvant therapy for resectable LA-NSCLCs based on next-generation sequencing (NGS) and multidisciplinary team (MDT). Trial design: The PURPOSE trial (ChiCTR2100053021) is an open-label, prospective, phase II, umbrella trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of precise neoadjuvant therapy based on NGS and MDT for LA-NSCLCs. Eligible patients (Age 18-75 years, resectable stage II-IIIB NSCLC, no prior therapy, ECOG PS 0-1) will be divided into six independent cohorts based on NGS. In detail, EGFR 19del will receive Almonertinib. EGFR 21L858R will receive Furmonertinib. EGFR rare mutations (T790M/G719X/S768I/L861Q) will receive Osimertinib. Other mutations include ALK/MET/RET/HER2 (Ensartinib for ALK, Savolitinib for MET, Pralsetinib for RET, Pyrotinib for HER2). For mutation-negative patients, PD-L1≥1% will receive Camrelizumab with chemotherapy and PD-L1<1% will receive chemotherapy only. Patients refusing this trial will be enrolled into a real-world study cohort. Neoadjuvant therapy will be performed for Q3W, 3 cycles. 26 patients will be enrolled independently into each cohort in a Simon‘s mini-max two-stage design with total 156 participants for the entire trial. Imaging evaluation of treatment response will be conducted within 2 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy by MDT and surgery will be performed within 4-6 weeks after neoadjuvant therapy. Adjuvant therapy will be decided by MDT according to the current guidelines. The primary endpoint is ORR. The secondary endpoints include pCR, MPR, EFS, DFS, OS, R0 rate, perioperative outcomes. The exploratory endpoint is to investigate the relationship between oncological prognosis and minimal residual disease (MRD). Clinical trial identification: ChiCTR2100053021. Editorial acknowledgement: Under the guidance of authors, assistance in medical writing and editorial support was provided by Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine. Legal entity responsible for the study: Shanghai Chest Hospital. Funding: Allist Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Betta Pharmaceuticals, Burning Rock Biotech, CStone Pharmaceuticals, Hansoh Pharmaceuticals, Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
PET-derived parameters for response assessment in neoadjuvant atezolizumab: A secondary analysis of PRINCEPS phase II trial; Background: Immune Checkpoint Blockade (ICB) is moving from metastatic to curative setting in different diseases including NSCLC. While for metastatic disease radiological endpoints are currently the standard surrogate marker of benefit from ICBs, based on RECIST or PERCIST criteria, in neoadjuvant setting they often underestimate the response and then pathological response (PR) criteria were developed to evaluate Major PR (MPR), defined as ≤10% viable tumor cells after neoadjuvant treatment, and PR, defined as less than 50% residual tumor cells. Anyway, a non-invasive approach to determine the response to treatment is still an unmet need. Methods: PRINCEPS was a phase 2 clinical trial including limited-stage (IB-IIIA) NSCLC patients who received one administration of atezolizumab before surgery. 18-F FDG PET was performed within 28 days and after 15-22 days from atezolizumab. Surgery was performed at day 22-29 from atezolizumab. PET derived parameters including MTV and TLG was extracted by experienced nuclear physicians. Results: 30 patients were enrolled, all received A and underwent surgical resection after a median of 23 days. MPR was identified in 4, pPR in 8 tumors. Paired PET were available for 28 pts. Mean time from A to PET was 18 days (IQR 3.5). Total TLG and MTV reduction was not correlated with percentage of pPR (p=0.117 and p=0.843, respectively). Reduction of MTV (Pearson correlation 0.509, p=0.006) and TLG (Pearson correlation 0.562, p=0.002) in the primary tumor were strongly correlated with pPR, while no correlation was observed between percentage of pPR and variation in tumor diameters by RECIST criteria (-0.24, p=0.2) nor metabolic response (-0.12, p=0.55). The appearance of metabolically active hilar and mediastinal, non-pathological lymph nodes (LN) was noted in 12/28 patients, and specifically in. 2 out of 4 MPR and 5 out of 8 pPR. A trend toward an higher pPR was observed with LN appearance (mean 52% reduction in pts with LN appearance vs 29% without, p 0.061), probably reflecting immune activation. LN appearance was associated with hyperplasia and histiocytosis in resected, non-metastatic LNs. Conclusions: PET is able to early detect tumor response in localized NSCLC patients treated with ICBs in neoadjuvant setting. Clinical trial identification: NCT02994576. Legal entity responsible for the study: Institut Gustave Roussy. Funding: Roche. Disclosure: N. Chaput-Gras: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board, Strong-Iopredi Scientific Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker, Educational Session On Immune Cell Death: Servier; Financial Interests, Institutional, Expert Testimony, Expertise On Immune Cell Death Biomarkers: Servier; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Cytune Pharma; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Research grant to identify immune biomarkers associated to clinical response in patients treated with agonistic mAbs: GSK; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Preclinical studies in mice: GSK; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Immune profiling of Head & Neck tumors: Sanofi. D. Planchard: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, BMS, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Samsung, Celgene, AbbVie, Daiichi Sankyo, Janssen; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca, Novartis, Pfizer, priME Oncology, Peer CME, Samsung, AbbVie, Janssen; Non-Financial Interests, Principal Investigator, Institutional financial interests: AstraZeneca, BMS, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Daiichi Sankyo, Sanofi-Aventis, Pierre Fabre; Non-Financial Interests, Principal Investigator: AbbVie, Sanofi, Janssen. L. Mezquita: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Takeda, AstraZeneca, Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Roche, BMS, AstraZeneca, Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant, SEOM Beca Retorno 2019: BI; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant, ESMO TR Research Fellowship 2019: BMS; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, COVID research Grant: Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker: Inivata, Stilla. J. Remon Masip: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Roche, Pfizer, MSD, Boehringer-Ingelheim; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, BMS, Janssen, Takeda, Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Expert Testimony: Ose Immunotherapeutics; Non-Financial Interests, Principal Investigator, PI of PECATI trial in Thymic malignancies endorsed by a grant by MSD: MSD; Non-Financial Interests, Other, Co-PI of APPLE trial (EORTC-1525): AstraZeneca. F. Barlesi: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Eli Lilly Oncology, F. Hoffmann–La Roche Ltd, Novartis, Merck, Mirati, MSD, Pierre Fabre, Pfizer, Sanofi Aventis, Seattle Genetics, Takeda; Non-Financial Interests, Principal Investigator: AstraZeneca, BMS, Merck, Pierre Fabre, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. B. Besse: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: 4D Pharma, AbbVie, Amgen, Aptitude Health, AstraZeneca, BeiGene, Blueprint Medicines, Boehringer Ingelheim, Celgene, Cergentis, Cristal Therapeutics, Daiichi-Sankyo, Eli Lilly, GSK, Janssen, Onxeo, OSE Immunotherapeutics, Pfizer, Roche-Genentech, Sanofi, Takeda, Tolero Pharmaceuticals; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Chugai Pharmaceutical, Eisai, Genzyme Corporation, Inivata, Ipsen, Turning Point Therapeutics. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
949TiP Neoadjuvant durvalumab in non-surgical early stage/locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) followed by radical RT/CRT (IDEAR) study concept of a phase II investigator initiated clinical trial; Background: Targeting the PD1/PD-L1 pathway has demonstrated activity in patients with advanced malignancies. Treatment with anti-PD1/PD-L1 blockade in advanced and locally advanced NSCLC, is already standard of care. The positive outcomes of durvalumab following CRT emphasized the potential of immunotherapy integration in multimodality treatment strategies and in earlier phases of the disease, leading to the first immune checkpoint inhibitor approval in non-metastatic setting in NSCLC. This study proposes to evaluate the safety and efficacy of an anti-PD-L1 (durvalumab) agent as neoadjuvant therapy in patients with localized NSCLC who are planned to undergo radical RT or CRT. Trial design: Main inclusion criteria: ≥ 18 y/o; histologically documented NSCLC; clinical Stage IIIA NSCLC eligible for RT or clinical stage IB (≥ 4 cm)-IIIA NSCLC that are not considered for surgical treatment by the clinical team or by patient choice who, however, are eligible for radical RT or CRT; ≥ 1 measurable lesion by RECIST v1.1. This is a Phase Ib/II, single-center, open-label, single-arm study, expected to expand to other center within the country. Durvalumab will be administered as neoadjuvant therapy before standard of care RT/CRT to 30 patients with untreated NSCLC not amenable for surgery but planned to undergo radical RT or CRT. The primary endpoint is the rate of patients without Dose-Limiting Toxicity (DLT). The study will be conducted in two parts; the first, DLT will be evaluated on a total of 18 patients over 3 cohorts; the second, an expansion cohort of 12 patients will be enrolled to further evaluate the safety, efficacy and feasibility of neoadjuvant durvalumab followed by standard of care RT/CRT. A single IV infusion of durvalumab 1500 mg will be administered at Visit 1. RT/RCT will be initiated between 4-5 weeks after. Standard RT/CRT and adjuvant treatment will be offered according to clinical practice. After completion of RT/RCT patients will be treated according to standard of care. A biomarker sub-study will be performed. Tumor and immune cells phenotype, somatic genetic alterations evaluation of tumor sample and ctDNA will be assessed. Clinical trial identification: NCT05267392. Legal entity responsible for the study: IPO-Porto and AstraZeneca. Funding: Funded by IPO-Porto and AstraZeneca. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Ipilimumab plus nivolumab and chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery in patients with resectable and borderline resectable lung cancer: The INCREASE trial; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (CRT) and surgery is a treatment option for patients with locally advanced stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with limited mediastinal lymph node metastases. Pathological complete response (pCR) correlates with improved survival but is achieved in only approximately 30% of patients after CRT. Neo-adjuvant ipilimumab plus nivolumab (IPI-NIVO) can modulate the tumor microenvironment and may increase pathological responses. In a phase II study (INCREASE, EudraCT-Nr: 2019–003454-83), we studied the addition of IPI-NIVO to CRT. Methods: This single-arm, prospective phase II trial aimed to enroll 26 evaluable patients with (borderline) resectable, T3-4N0–2 NSCLC. Enrolment commenced in Feb 2020. The primary end-point was pCR. A prespecified pCR threshold of 60% was tested against the historical rate of 30% with CRT alone. Co-primary end-points were safety and major pathological response (MPR), i.e., a residual viable tumor cells percentage of 10% or less. On day 1, platinum-doublet concurrent CRT, IPI 1 mg/kg IV and NIVO 360 mg flat dose IV were administered, followed by NIVO (360 mg flat dose IV) after 3 weeks. Radiotherapy consisted of 50-60 Gy in once-daily doses of 2 Gy, followed by a resection 6 weeks after the last dose of radiation. Results: To date, pCR was achieved in 15 out of 24 (63%) patients who underwent surgery. The MPR rate was 79%. Toxicity of adding IPI-NIVO to CRT was acceptable (Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events 56%). No patient suffered delay in surgery due to the neoadjuvant treatment. No treatment-related deaths occurred. Neoadjuvant treatment enhanced the activation of CD4+ and CD8+ effector and memory subsets in peripheral blood and increased the expression of proliferation markers on CD8+ T cells in tumor-draining lymph nodes. Conclusions: Our results indicate that adding IPI-NIVO to neoadjuvant CRT is safe, provides deep pathological responses and enhances T cell activation. These data support further research using this combination in locally advanced NSCLC planned for CRT followed by surgery, and support use of such strategies in patients presenting with an inoperable NSCLC. Clinical trial identification: EudraCT 2019–003454-83; Netherlands Trial Register NL8435 Legal entity responsible for the study: Amsterdam UMC, Vrije Universiteit Medical Center, Department of Pulmonology Funding: Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) Disclosure: I. Bahce: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca, Roche, Pfizer, Takeda, MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, AstraZeneca. F.L. Schneiders: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: ViewRay. S. Hashemi: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AbbVie, AstraZeneca, BMS, Boehringer Ingelheim, MSD, Novartis, Takeda, Xcovery, Loxo, Eli Lilly, Roche, Janssen, GSK, Roche. D. Oprea-Lager: Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Janssen. T.D. de Gruijl: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Lava Therapeutics, DCPrime, Macrophage Pharma; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Partner Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Lava Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Patent: Immunoglobulins binding human Vγ9Vδ2 T cell receptors; P31885NL00.: Lava Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Single domain antibodies targeting CD1d; P32016NL00; EP16715360.0-1412.: LAVA Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Patent: Novel bispecific antibodies for use in the treatment of haematological malignancies. WO/2020/060406, PCT/NL2019/050625.: LAVA Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Patent: Novel CD40 binding antibodies; WO/2020/159368; PCT/NL2020/050051: Lava Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker, Patent: Recombinant replication competent viruses comprising a coding region for glycogen synthase kinase- (GSK3) and methods of killing aberrant cells. WO/2020/046130, PCT/NL2019/050562: Orca Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Institutional, Invited Speaker, Research funding from Idera Pharmaceuticals for an investigator-initiated clinical trial (INTRIM) on the intra-dermal administration of IMO-2125 CpG in early-stage melanoma;: Idera Pharmaceuticals; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant, Contract research with Macrophage Pharma Inc. “Pre-clinical testing of the immune modulating effects of MPL-5821 in the tumor microenvironment”: Macrophage Pharma; Non-Financial Interests, Leadership Role, Member of the Board of Directors: SITC, Society for the Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC); Non-Financial Interests, Advisory Role, Member of the grant review committee: MRA; Non-Financial Interests, Advisory Role, Member of their scientific grant reviewing committee: KWF; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Product Samples, Provision of Durvalumab for a clinical trial: AstraZeneca; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Product Samples, Provision of nivolumab for clinical trials: BMS; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Product Samples, Provision of Pembrolizumab for clinical trials: Merck; Non-Financial Interests, Member: AACR. T. Radonic: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Roche, Takeda. S. Senan: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Varian Medical Systems, ViewRay, AstraZeneca, BeiGene, Roche, MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Varian Medical Systems, ViewRay, AstraZeneca, BMS. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Updated event-free survival of neoadjuvant toripalimab with chemotherapy for resectable stage III NSCLC (NeoTAP01 study); Background: NeoTAP01 study is a single-arm, phase II study investigating the feasibility of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor toripalimab with chemotherapy in patients with stage III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The preliminary results of this trial have been presented in 2021 ASCO abstract 8541, demonstrating a major pathological response(MPR) rate of 66.7% and a pathological complete response(pCR) rate of 50% in the per-protocol population. Here we report the two-year event-free survival (EFS) rate of the study. Methods: The study enrolled treatment-naïve patients with stage IIIA or T3-4N2 IIIB NSCLCs. Surgical resection was performed 4-5 weeks after three cycles of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor toripalimab (240mg), carboplatin (area under the curve 5), and pemetrexed (500 mg/m 2 for adenocarcinoma) or nab-paclitaxel (260 mg/m 2 for other subtypes) on day 1 of each 21-day cycle. The primary endpoint was the MPR. pCR rate, EFS and safety were set as secondary endpoints. Results: On April 15, 2022, the median follow-up duration was 16.4 (IQR: 12.8-20.0) months in the intention-to-treat population. 30 of the 33 (90.9%) enrolled patients underwent resection, and 27 (81.8%) of them received adjuvant treatment following the operation. 22 patients (66.7%) received one-year adjuvant toripalimab monotherapy, and 2 patients discontinued adjuvant immunotherapy after 3 months due to grade 3 rash and hypophysitis. All patients survived except one (3.0%) who had disease progression when receiving preoperative treatment died in this analysis. 5 patients (15.2%) had disease relapse and only one of them had an intrathoracic recurrence. The median EFS was not reached in the intention-to-treat population, with a 12-month and 24-month EFS rates of 87.8% and 67.9%, respectively. Patients who achieved MPR showed significantly longer EFS as compared with those without (median EFS: not reached vs. 16.6 months, log-rank P=0.02). Conclusions: Toripalimab plus chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant treatment showed a promising pathological response for stage III NSCLCs. Adjuvant toripalimab monotherapy was tolerable in most patients. MPR may be used as a surrogate endpoint for long-term survival as patients who achieved MPR had better EFS. Clinical trial identification: NCT04304248, first Posted March 11, 2020. Legal entity responsible for the study: Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a narrative review on mechanisms, efficacy and safety; Background and Objective: Immune checkpoint inhibitors and immunotherapy have been shown to improve survival rates, especially in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. More recently, several trials have evaluated the clinical roles of immunotherapy as neoadjuvant settings for NSCLC. There trials suggested that neoadjuvant immunotherapy may effectively reduce the risk of the local recurrence and metastasis of cancer, and significantly improved overall survival and cure rates. Here we conducted a review to summarize the possible mechanism, clinical development, and research progress of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC. Methods: Relevant articles for this review were retrieved from Google Scholar, Clinicaltrials.gov., and PubMed using the terms “non-small-cell lung cancer”, “NSCLC”, “neoadjuvant”, “immunotherapy”, “immune checkpoint inhibitors”, “mechanisms”, and “toxicity”. The primary focus was placed on clinical studies and conference abstracts measuring the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC until May 2022. Key Content and Findings: After reviewing the preclinical and clinical trial, the preclinical study showed that neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor promotes antitumor immunity through the enhancement of T cell effector function and the induction of long-term memory. The initial results of preliminary early-phase trials suggested that neoadjuvant immunotherapy is a promising therapeutic strategy for resectable NSCLC patients, with long-term response and modest toxicity, many of these regimens are currently being evaluated by randomized phase III trials. In addition, the major pathologic response of neoadjuvant immunotherapy ranged up to 45% in these studies when used alone, and up to around 83–86% when used in combination with chemotherapy, therefore it has been seen as a rather potent tumor debulking agent. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has been shown to be a novel integral component of NSCLC care. However, there are also several research questions that requires further investigation, such as the side effects, the optimally treated patients, and the time of preoperative immunotherapy.
Imaging tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T-cells in non-small cell lung cancer patients upon neo-adjuvant treatment with durvalumab; Aim/Introduction: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI), like targeting programmed death receptor ligand 1 (PD-L1), have revolutionized anti-cancer treatments, including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) [1, 2]. Assessment of PD-L1 expression on tumor biopsies is current practice, but there is a need for additional biomarkers correlating to the complex mechanism of action of ICI. The presence of tumorinfiltrating CD8+ T-cells (TILs) is a robust biomarker associated with immune therapy success [3]. Tools to track TILs in patients during ICI treatment allow further development of immune-oncology drugs. Materials and Methods: This ongoing single-center prospective study (NCT03853187) includes patients with histologically proven T1b-3N0-1M0 NSCLC eligible for resection. Exclusion criteria are previous anti-cancer therapy and known immune disorders or suppression. Patients receive two courses neo-adjuvant durvalumab (750mg Q2W), after which TIL imaging is performed. Cohort 1 underwent apheresis and magnetic-activated cells sorting to isolate 100 x10e6 autologous CD8+ T-cells for cell labeling with 111In-oxine. Re-injection was followed by 4h post-injection (p.i.) planar imaging, 70h p.i. SPECT imaging, standard-of-care surgery and 78h p.i. uSPECT of the resected lobe. Patients in cohort 2 (ongoing) receive 1.5mg 89Zr-Df-crefmirlimab followed by PET/CT 24h p.i. Results: In cohort 1, 8/10 patients underwent apheresis and TIL imaging; one procedure was withdrawn due to COVID-19 restrictions and one due to unsuccessful T-cell isolation. Yield ranged 240-714 x10e6 CD8+ T-cells, purity 84%-97% and cell viability 92%-100%. Labeling efficacy of 100 x10e6 cells for re-injection ranged 42%-64% and injected activity 22,4-36,7 MBq In-111.TIL imaging was completed by 4/5 patients in cohort 2, one subject discontinued neo-adjuvant treatment due to post-obstruction pneumonia.Tumor-to-bloodpool were determined to quantify specific TIL accumulation in the tumor. Our results favor quantification of T-cells on PET over SPECT given its higher sensitivity and spatial resolution. Correlation of imaging findings with density of CD8+ T-cells in the resected tumor is currently ongoing. Conclusion: We implemented two methods for tracking CD8+ T-cells in earlystage NSCLC patients after neo-adjuvant durvalumab treatment. Although ex vivo cell labeling perhaps more specifically targets migrating TILs into the tumor, 89Zr-Df-crefmirlimab has the potential to also target residing cells. Quantitative correlation with presence of TILs in the resected tumor will help to determine the role of these imaging tools in the development of immune-oncology drugs.
Imaging tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T-cells in non-small cell lung cancer patients upon neo-adjuvant treatment with durvalumab; Introduction: Various peripheral immune cell populations have previously been implicated as potential biomarkers for response to immune checkpoint inhibition. The single-arm phase II trial SAKK 16/14 confirmed the efficacy of perioperative treatment with the andi-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). To evaluate the impact of treatment on the immune system, we comprehensively profiled immune cell populations by mass cytometry. Methods: PBMCs were obtained from 5 responder and 5 non-responder patients. For each patient, we analyzed PBMCs obtained before neoadjuvant treatment (TP1) and after sequential neoadjuvant chemotherapy and durvalumab (TP3). PBMCs were stained with a custom antibody panel designed to assess the expression of 35 protein markers and analyzed with cytometry by time of flight (CyTOF). Results: 4 responders and 4 non-responders had sufficient cell events at both time points for analysis. Cells were displayed in two-dimensional space with optSNE and clustered using the FlowSOM algorithm (Fig. 1A) to identify major immune cell populations. Differential enrichment between responders and non-responders was assessed with edgeR. No significant differences in frequencies of major immune populations were detected between the patients displaying different clinical outcomes (Fig. 1B). Senescent, CD57+T cells were enriched in non-responders whereas Ki67+proliferating CD8 T cells were enriched in responders (Fig. 1C). However, these differences were mainly driven by individual patients (Fig. 1D). There was also no on-treatment identified changes in peripheral immune cell populations in responding and non responding patients (TP1 vs TP3, Fig. 1D). Conclusion: Although statistically significant enrichments of some immune populations were detected, the low number of samples prevented us to conclusively rule out changes in other peripheral immune populations. To increase confidence in the results, the analysis should be conducted in a larger patient cohort. Results obtained here will be put into context with other ongoing analyses of the trial SAKK 16/14.
Imaging tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T-cells in non-small cell lung cancer patients upon neo-adjuvant treatment with durvalumab; Introduction: Spatial distribution of immune cells within the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) influences response to immunotherapy in many malignancies, but its role in neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is not clearly established. To address this knowledge gap, we performed digital pathology analysis of tumor tissue obtained from patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC undergoing neoadjuvant treatment including the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in the single-arm phase II trial SAKK 16/14. Methods: Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue specimens of 21 initial biopsies (IB) and 38 resection specimens (RES) were obtained from patients enrolled in the trial SAKK 16/14. Tissue was immunostained for CD3, CD8, CD20 and FoxP3. Digitalized slideswere annotated for invasive cancer. A machine-learning classifier was trained to localize and quantify marker-positive immune cell densities within the epithelial and stromal compartments. Also, the TIME for each specimen was classified as excluded ('cold tumor') or inflamed ('hot tumor') by pathologist consensus. Event-free survival (EFS) was analyzed by Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Results: The infiltration densities of CD3 T cells, CD8 T cells, CD20 B cells and Foxp3 T cells in IB (Fig. 1A) and RES (Fig. 1B) were comparable in hot and cold tumors. Stratification of tumors based on their immune cell positioning (excluded or inflamed phenotype) in the IB strongly correlated with EFS (p=0.008, Fig. 2A). This association was driven by CD8 T cell infiltration in the tumor (Fig. 2B), but not for the stromal compartment (Fig. 2C) or total T cell content (Fig. 2D) as assessed by digital pathology, with similar trends observed for CD3 T cells (Fig. 2E) and CD20 B cells (Fig. 2F). Conclusion: Immune phenotyping of the tumor and spatial distribution of CD8 T cells correlates with EFS in the SAKK16/14 cohort.
Imaging tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T-cells in non-small cell lung cancer patients upon neo-adjuvant treatment with durvalumab; Background: Neutrophilia has been described as adverse factor for the outcome of patients (pts) with NSCLC. Chemotherapy-induced neutropenia has been attributed a prognostic value for outcome of pts with solid tumors. The clinical impact of neutrophilia has never been studied in prospective randomized trial or a post-hoc analysis in the immunotherapy era in the neoadjuvant setting. Patients and Methods: In this post-hoc study we analyzed data from the trials SAKK 16/00 (n=227) and SAKK 16/14 (n=67). Both studies included pts with resectable NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0, 7th edition of the TNM classification), irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. In both trials pts were treated with 3 cycles of neoadjuvant cisplatin 100 mg/ m2 and docetaxel 85 mg/m2q3w. in the trial SAKK 16/00 pts were randomized 1:1 to additional neoadjuvant radiotherapy with 44 Gy in 22 fractions over 3 weeks or no radiotherapy. SAKK 16/14 was a single-arm phase II trial in which pts received 2 cycles of neoadjuvant durvalumab 750 mg q2w. Durvalumab was continued after surgery q2w for 12 months. Neutropenia was defined as neutrophil count > 7.0 G/l. Neutropenia during treatment was defined as < 1.0 G/l. Results: In the trial SAKK 16/00 62 pts (27.3%) had neutrophilia at baseline. Median OS was 19.9 months in pts with baseline neutrophilia compared to 42.8 months in pts without neutrophilia (HR 1.4, 95%CI: 0.99-1.98, p=0.055). During neoadjuvant chemotherapy 107 pts (47.1%) developed neutropenia. These pts had a longer median OS compared to pts without neutropenia (median OS: 42.8 vs. 26.1 months). This difference was not statistically significant (HR 1.01, 95%CI: 0.73-1.38, p=0.97). In the trial SAKK 16/14 29 pts (43.3%) had neutrophilia at baseline. Median OS was not reached in both groups. However, there was a statistically significant difference in the two groups demonstrating poorer outcome for pts with baseline neutrophilia (HR 2.5, 95%CI: 0.98-6.36, p=0.046). During neoadjuvant chemotherapy 24 pts (35.8%) developed neutropenia. This was associated with a trend towards longer OS (HR 1.12, 95%CI: 0.44-2.85, p=0.81). Conclusions: In the post-hoc analysis of two SAKK trials in patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC baseline neutrophilia > 7 G/l was significantly associated with poorer outcome. Neutrophilia at baseline is an unfavorable prognostic factor and should be taken into account in the therapeutic strategy. Patients developing neutropenia during neoadjuvant chemotherapy had a trend towards longer survival suggesting that maintaining chemotherapy dose intensity remains a relevant prognostic factor in this setting.
Efficacy and safety of sintilimab plus XELOX as a neoadjuvant regimen in patients with locally advanced gastric cancer: A single-arm, open-label, phase II trial; Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapies have been widely recommended in patients with locally advanced gastric cancer (LAGC). However, the evidence of combining neoadjuvant chemotherapy with anti–programmed death 1 (anti–PD-1) antibody therapy for patients with LAGC is lacking. Thus, we conducted a single-arm phase II trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the anti–PD-1 antibody sintilimab plus XELOX regimen (capecitabine plus oxaliplatin) in patients with LAGC. Methods: Patients with LAGC (cT3-4 N+ M0, CY0, P0) were enrolled and received four preoperative cycles of sintilimab (200 mg, IV, Q21d) plus XELOX (oxaliplatin 130 mg/m2, IV, d1 with capecitabine 1,000 mg/m2, bid, d1–d14, Q21d) therapy. The primary endpoint was the pathological complete response (pCR) rate. This clinical trial was registered at Chictr.org.cn (trial number: ChiCTR2000030414). Results: Thirty patients were enrolled from March 2020 to July 2021, with a median age of 62 years (range, 30–72), and 18 (60.0%) were men. There were 19 (63.3%) patients with PD-L1 CPS ≥1.The pCR rate was 33.3% [95% confidence interval (CI), 17.3%–52.8%], and the major pathologic response (MPR) rate was 63.3% (95% CI, 43.9%–80.1%). All the patients underwent R0 resection. The objective response rate (ORR) and the disease control rate (DCR) were 70.0% (95% CI, 50.6%–85.3%) and 100% (95% CI, 88.4%–100%), respectively. Downstaging of the overall TNM stage was observed in 22 (73.3%) patients. The pCR rate in patients with PD-L1 CPS ≥1 and patients with PD-L1 CPS <1 was 42.1% vs. 18.2% (P = 0.246), whereas the MPR rate was 78.9% vs. 36.4% (P = 0.047). The potential immune-related adverse events (irAEs) were hypothyroidism (3.3%), pneumonia (10.0%), and dermatitis (6.7%). Grade3 common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were ALT increase (3.3%), AST increase (3.3%), and dermatitis (3.3%) during the neoadjuvant therapy. There were no severe complications or death related to the surgery. Conclusion: Sintilimab plus XELOX as neoadjuvant therapy showed an encouraging pCR rate, MPR rate, and manageable safety. This combination of regimens might provide a new option for patients with LAGC. Clinical Trial Registration: Chictr.org.cn, identifier ChiCTR2000030414.
The optimal neoadjuvant regimen for nonsmall cell lung cancer: A meta-analysis; Objective: To compare the efficacy and complications of different neoadjuvant to determine the optimal regimens for nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Methods: A systematic search of the Web of Science, and PubMed databases was conducted through June 3, 2021, reporting a comparison of chemotherapy, chemoradiotherapy, and immunotherapy. Results: Of 3462 studies, 25 were considered for evidence synthesis. 1035 patients who received chemotherapy or radiotherapy before surgery did not prolong the overall survival (OS) compared with 1038 patients who received surgery alone (hazard ratio [HR] 1.13, 95% CI 1·00-1·28, P = 0·05). 1192 patients received chemoradiotherapy and 864 patients received chemotherapy or radiotherapy; chemoradiotherapy prolonged the OS compared with chemotherapy (HR 0.52, 95% CI 0·29 to 0.95, P =.03). Compared with 110 patients who received other therapy, 93 patients who received immunotherapy had prolonged the OS (HR 1.56, 95% CI 1·08-2·25, P =.02). Chemoradiotherapy increased the pathological response rate (HR 1.68, 95% CI 1·33-2·12, P <.0001), and grade 3 and 4 adverse effects were not increased (HR 5.90, 95% CI 0.88 to 39.60, P =.007). Immunotherapy increased the pathological response (HR 2.79, 95% CI 1·71-4·54, P <.0001), with no significant effects on grades 3 and 4 adverse(HR 0.71, 95% CI 0·19-2·64, P =.61). Conclusion: Our data showed that chemotherapy may prolong OS and PFS, but not statistically significant; however, the combination of chemotherapy and radiation did show an advantage, and immunotherapy may be also the choice for neoadjuvant therapy.
Antibody-drug conjugates: Resurgent anticancer agents with multi-targeted therapeutic potential; Antibody–drug conjugates (ADCs) constitute a relatively new group of anticancer agents, whose first appearance took place about two decades ago, but a renewed interest occurred in recent years, following the success of anti-cancer immunotherapy with monoclonal antibodies. Indeed, an ADC combines the selectivity of a monoclonal antibody with the cell killing properties of a chemotherapeutic agent (payload), joined together through an appropriate linker. The antibody moiety targets a specific cell surface antigen expressed by tumor cells and/or cells of the tumor microenvironment and acts as a carrier that delivers the cytotoxic payload within the tumor mass. Despite advantages in terms of selectivity and potency, the development of ADCs is not devoid of challenges, due to: i) low tumor selectivity when the target antigens are not exclusively expressed by cancer cells; ii) premature release of the cytotoxic drug into the bloodstream as a consequence of linker instability; iii) development of tumor resistance mechanisms to the payload. All these factors may result in lack of efficacy and/or in no safety improvement compared to unconjugated cytotoxic agents. Nevertheless, the development of antibodies engineered to remain inert until activated in the tumor (e.g., antibodies activated proteolytically after internalization or by the acidic conditions of the tumor microenvironment) together with the discovery of innovative targets and cytotoxic or immunomodulatory payloads, have allowed the design of next-generation ADCs that are expected to possess improved therapeutic properties. This review provides an overview of approved ADCs, with related advantages and limitations, and of novel targets exploited by ADCs that are presently under clinical investigation.
Postinduction therapy pulmonary function retesting is necessary before surgical resection for non–small cell lung cancer; Objective: Pretreatment-predicted postoperative diffusing capacity of the lung for carbon monoxide (DLCO) has been associated with operative mortality in patients who receive induction therapy for resectable non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). It is unknown whether a reduction in pulmonary function after induction therapy and before surgery affects the risk of morbidity or mortality. We sought to determine the relationship between induction therapy and perioperative outcomes as a function of postinduction pulmonary status in patients who underwent surgical resection for NSCLC. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed data for 1001 patients with pathologic stage I, II, or III NSCLC who received induction therapy before lung resection. Pulmonary function was defined according to American College of Surgeons Oncology Group major criteria: DLCO ≥50% = normal; DLCO <50% = impaired. Patients were categorized into 5 subgroups according to combined pre- and postinduction DLCO status: normal-normal, normal-impaired, impaired-normal, impaired-impaired, and preinduction only (without postinduction pulmonary function test measurements). Multivariable logistic regression was used to quantify the relationship between DLCO categories and dichotomous end points. Results: In multivariable analysis, normal-impaired DLCO status was associated with an increased risk of respiratory complications (odds ratio, 2.29 [95% CI, 1.12-4.49]; P = .02) and in-hospital complications (odds ratio, 2.83 [95% CI, 1.55-5.26]; P < .001). Type of neoadjuvant therapy was not associated with an increased risk of complications, compared with conventional chemotherapy. Conclusions: Reduced postinduction DLCO might predict perioperative outcomes. The use of repeat pulmonary function testing might identify patients at higher risk of morbidity or mortality.
Genomic and transcriptomic determinants of response to neoadjuvant therapy in rectal cancer; The incidence of rectal cancer is increasing in patients younger than 50 years. Locally advanced rectal cancer is still treated with neoadjuvant radiation, chemotherapy and surgery, but recent evidence suggests that patients with a complete response can avoid surgery permanently. To define correlates of response to neoadjuvant therapy, we analyzed genomic and transcriptomic profiles of 738 untreated rectal cancers. APC mutations were less frequent in the lower than in the middle and upper rectum, which could explain the more aggressive behavior of distal tumors. No somatic alterations had significant associations with response to neoadjuvant therapy in a treatment-agnostic manner, but KRAS mutations were associated with faster relapse in patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation followed by consolidative chemotherapy. Overexpression of IGF2 and L1CAM was associated with decreased response to neoadjuvant therapy. RNA-sequencing estimates of immune infiltration identified a subset of microsatellite-stable immune hot tumors with increased response and prolonged disease-free survival.
Neoadjuvant therapy gains FDA approval in non-small cell lung cancer; Forde et al.1 reported on a randomized clinical trial (CheckMate 816) and showed that neoadjuvant therapy with nivolumab plus chemotherapy led to improved event-free survival and pathological complete response rate in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Neoadjuvant therapy gains FDA approval in non-small cell lung cancer; Forde et al.1 reported on a randomized clinical trial (CheckMate 816) and showed that neoadjuvant therapy with nivolumab plus chemotherapy led to improved event-free survival and pathological complete response rate in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Pembrolizumab in Combination with Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy for Patients with Resectable Adenocarcinoma of the Gastroesophageal Junction; Purpose: This phase Ib/2 trial investigated pembrolizumab-containing trimodality therapy in patients with gastroesophageal junction (GEJ) adenocarcinoma. Patients and Methods: Patients with GEJ adenocarcinoma (cT1–3NanyM0) received neoadjuvant pembrolizumab-containing chemoradiation (CROSS regimen) followed by surgical resection and adjuvant pembrolizumab. The primary endpoints were tolerability in the first 16 patients and pathologic complete response [pCR (ypT0N0)]. Secondary endpoints included progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). An independent propensity-score-matched cohort (treated with CROSS without immunotherapy) was used for comparison. Exploratory analyses included immune biomarkers in the tumor microenvironment (TME) and plasma. Results: We enrolled 31 eligible patients, of whom 29 received all expected doses of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab and 28 underwent R0 resection. Safety endpoints were met. The primary efficacy endpoint was not met [7/31 (22.6%) achieved pCR]. Patients with high [i.e., combined positive score (CPS) ≥ 10] baseline expression of programmed death (PD)-L1 in the TME had a significantly higher pCR rate than those with low expression [50.0% (4/8) vs. 13.6% (3/22); P ¼ 0.046]. Patients with high PD-L1 expression also experienced longer PFS and OS than propensity-score-matched patients. Among trial patients with PD-L1 CPS < 10, unprespecified analysis explored whether extracellular vesicles (EV) could identify further responders: an elevated plasma level of PD-L1–expressing EVs was significantly associated with higher pCR. Conclusions: Adding pembrolizumab to trimodality therapy showed acceptable tolerability but did not meet the pre-specified pCR endpoint. Exploratory analyses suggested that high PD-L1 expression in the TME and/or on EVs may identify patients most likely to achieve tumor response.
Efficacy and safety of camrelizumab (a PD-1 inhibitor) combined with chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant regimen in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer; Camrelizumab is a novel programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) inhibitor developed in China that exhibits good efficacy in several advanced cancer types, including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, its utility as a neoadjuvant regimen in NSCLC remains unclear. Thus, the present study aimed to explore the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy in patients with locally advanced NSCLC. A total of 56 patients with stage IIIA/IIIB resectable NSCLC were analyzed in the present prospective observational study. Amongst the cohort, 31 patients underwent neoadjuvant camrelizumab (200 mg every 2 weeks) plus paclitaxel and carboplatin (PC) chemotherapy, while another 25 cases underwent neoadjuvant PC chemotherapy alone. The pathological response, disease-free survival (DFS) time, overall survival (OS) time and adverse events (AEs) were analyzed. The complete pathological response (25.8 vs. 8.3%; P=0.159) and major pathological response (MPR) (61.3 vs. 37.5%; P=0.080) rates were higher in the camrelizumab plus PC group compared with the findings in the PC group, although the results were not statistically significant. DFS time was significantly prolonged in the camrelizumab plus PC group compared with that in the PC group (P=0.030); however, there was no difference in OS time between these two groups (P=0.251). Following adjustment by multivariate analysis, the camrelizumab plus PC regimen versus the PC regimen alone was independently associated with higher MPR [odds ratio, 5.216; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.178-23.086; P=0.030], and favorable DFS [hazard ratio (HR), 0.055; 95% CI, 0.007-0.442; P=0.006] and OS (HR, 0.025; 95% CI, 0.002-0.416; P=0.010) times. The most common AEs of the neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus PC regimen were alopecia (51.6%), nausea and vomiting (45.2%), anemia (41.9%) and fatigue (41.9%), the majority of which occurred in patients with grade 1-2 disease. The present results indicated that neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus PC chemotherapy exhibited a superior pathological response and survival profile to PC chemotherapy alone, and was well tolerated in patients with locally advanced NSCLC.
Impact of Histological Variants on Clinical Responses to Pembrolizumab in Patients With Metastatic Urothelial Cancer; Background: The efficacy of anti-programmed cell-death protein 1 treatment in patients with urothelial carcinoma (UC) with molecular subtypes of histological variants has not been investigated. This study aimed to examine the impact of histological variants classified according to molecular subtypes on clinical outcomes in patients with platinum-resistant metastatic UC treated with pembrolizumab. Patients and Methods: Data of 168 patients with metastatic UC who received intravenous pembrolizumab after platinum-based chemotherapy between December 2017 and November 2020 were retrospectively reviewed. Relationships between histological variant type (basal or luminal molecular subtypes) and survival outcome and response to immunotherapy were examined. Clinicopathological factors were analyzed using the Cox proportional hazards model. Results: UC with histological variants was identified in 19 (11.3%) cases (basal subtype in 12; luminal subtype in 7). The median age of the patients was 72.5 years (range=40-89 years). The performance status was 0-1 in 151 (89.9%) patients. Liver metastasis was detected in 44 (26.2%) patients. The median progression-free survival was 3.5 months (range=0.5-34.3 months). Treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors resulted in an overall mean survival (from the start of treatment) of 8.1 months (range=1.2-34.3 months). Patients with basal-type UC had significantly shorter progression-free survival and cancer-specific survival than those with pure UC (p=0.010 and p=0.035, respectively). A complete response was observed in eight patients (seven with pure UC, one with basal type). Conclusion: The basal histological variant might be a potential prognostic indicator in patients with platinum-resistant metastatic UC treated with pembrolizumab.
Comparison of perioperative outcomes among non-small cell lung cancer patients with neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor plus chemotherapy, EGFR-TKI, and chemotherapy alone: a real-world evidence study; Background: The utilization of neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) plus chemotherapy has increased significantly for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). It is still unclear whether such a treatment paradigm affects perioperative outcomes compared with other neoadjuvant treatment. We aimed to evaluate the perioperative outcomes of pulmonary resection after neoadjuvant ICI plus chemotherapy and to compare them with neoadjuvant epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKI) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone for resectable NSCLC. Methods: A retrospective cohort including 194 stage IB–IIIB NSCLC underwent surgical resection after neoadjuvant treatment between 2018 and 2020 were reviewed. Perioperative complications were evaluated using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, and were compared using one-way analysis of variance for continuous variables and Pearson chi-square test. Results: There were 42, 54, and 98 patients in the neoadjuvant ICI plus chemotherapy, EGFR-TKI, and chemotherapy alone groups, respectively. The tumor size before neoadjuvant treatment was well balanced among the three groups (P=0.122). A shorter median surgical time was observed in the EGFR-TKI group than ICI plus chemotherapy group and chemotherapy group alone (120 vs. 150 vs. 146 min, P=0.041). Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery was performed in 37 (88.1%), 49 (90.7%), and 57 (58.7%) patients in the three groups, respectively (P<0.001). A higher incidence of pneumonia (P=0.014) was found in the chemotherapy group. Perioperative mortality was observed in 1 patient (2.4%) in the ICI plus chemotherapy group and in 3 patients (3.1%) in the chemotherapy alone group (P=0.440). Patients in the ICI plus chemotherapy group had higher proportions of pathological complete response (40.5% vs. 11.1% vs. 6.1%, P<0.001) and downstaging of clinical N2 status (68.6% vs. 42.9% vs. 31.7%, P=0.012) than patients in EGFR-TKI group and chemotherapy alone group. Conclusions: Surgical resection for NSCLC following neoadjuvant ICI plus chemotherapy was safe and feasible, the perioperative outcomes were similar with neoadjuvant EGFR-TKI and chemotherapy alone without unexpected perioperative complications. Additional prospective studies are necessary to validate our findings.
Circulating myeloid-derived suppressors cells correlate with clinicopathological characteristics and outcomes undergoing neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer; Purpose: Myeloid-derived suppressors cells (MDSCs) are heterogeneous immunosuppressive cells, closely related to the development, efficacy and prognosis in various tumors. The relationship between clinicopathological characteristics, efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (NCIO) and circulating MDSCs in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) was investigated in this study. Methods: This study analyzed the clinical data of patients diagnosed at Department of Thoracic Surgery, Beijing Chest Hospital from November 2020 to August 2021. MDSCs and T cells subgroups were measured in fresh peripheral blood mononuclear cells(PBMCs) at baseline. Flow cytometry was used to detect MDSCs and T cells subgroups. Results: A total of 78 patients with NSCLC and 20 patients with benign nodule underwent direct surgery. 23 patients with NSCLC scheduled to accept NCIO before surgery. NSCLC had elevated levels of total MDSCs, PMN-MDSCs and M-MDSCs compared to patients with benign nodule. MDSCs subgroups were correlated to the pTNM stage in NSCLC patients. The frequency of total MDSCs were moderately positively correlated with regulatory T cells (Tregs)(r = 0.3597, P < 0.01) and negatively correlated with CD4 + T cells(r = 0.2714, P < 0.05). The baseline levels of total MDSCs, PMN-MDSCs and Tregs in pCR patients were significantly decreased than those of non-pCR patients (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Circulating MDSCs were increased in NSCLC patients. MDSC subgroups were related to pTNM stage in NSCLC patients. Total MDSCs were positively correlated with Tregs levels and negatively correlated with CD4 + T cells in peripheral blood. The level of MDSCs and Tregs in peripheral blood may have potential value in predicting pathological response in NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Systemic Therapy for Early-Stage Non-small-Cell Lung Cancer; Approximately a third of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) present with surgically resectable disease. Patients who undergo surgical resection are at a high risk of relapse, and neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy improves disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). The outcomes with neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy are similar, and both are used in clinical practice. Recent trials investigated the role of immunotherapy and targeted therapy in patients with early-stage disease. A phase III trial of adjuvant atezolizumab compared with standard of care (SOC) in patients with resected stage II or III disease and PD-L1 expression of 1% or greater, and a second trial of adjuvant pembrolizumab compared with placebo in patients with stage IB–III (regardless of tumor proportion score PD-L1 expression), both demonstrated an improvement in DFS. In the neoadjuvant setting, results of a phase III trial of chemotherapy and nivolumab compared with chemotherapy alone revealed an improvement in pathological complete response rate and event-free survival in patients with stage IB–IIIA disease. Finally, for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant NSCLC, a phase III trial of osimertinib compared with SOC revealed an improvement in DFS. The results of these and ongoing trials illustrate the integration of immunotherapy and targeted therapies into the treatment paradigm of patients with surgically resected NSCLC and have led to FDA and EMA approvals in selected populations. Neoadjuvant trials have investigated novel endpoints such as major and complete pathological response, which have the potential to serve as surrogate endpoints for future trials.
Distinct Immune Gene Programs Associated with Host Tumor Immunity, Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy, and Chemoimmunotherapy in Resectable NSCLC; Purpose: Our understanding of the immunopathology of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is still limited. Here, we explore immune programs that inform of tumor immunity and response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in localized NSCLC. Experimental Design: Targeted immune gene sequencing using the HTG Precision Immuno-Oncology panel was performed in localized NSCLCs from three cohorts based on treatment: naïve (n = 190), neoadjuvant chemotherapy (n = 38), and neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (n = 21). Tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) phenotypes were based on the location of CD8+ T cells (inflamed, cold, excluded), tumoral PD-L1 expression (<1% and ≥1%), and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL). Immune programs and signatures were statistically analyzed on the basis of tumoral PD-L1 expression, immune phenotypes, and pathologic response and were cross-compared across the three cohorts. Results: PD-L1-positive tumors exhibited increased signature scores for various lymphoid and myeloid cell subsets (P < 0.05). TIME phenotypes exhibited disparate frequencies by stage, PD-L1 expression, and mutational burden. Inflamed and PD-L1+/TILs+ NSCLCs displayed overall significantly heightened levels of immune signatures, with the excluded group representing an intermediate state. A cytotoxic T-cell signature was associated with favorable survival in neoadjuvant chemotherapy-treated NSCLCs (P < 0.05). Pathologic response to chemoimmunotherapy was positively associated with higher expression of genes involved in immune activation, chemotaxis, as well as T and natural killer cells (P < 0.05 for all). Among the three cohorts, chemoimmunotherapytreated NSCLCs exhibited the highest scores for various immune cell subsets including T effector and B cells (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings highlight immune gene programs that may underlie host tumor immunity and response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in resectable NSCLC.
Survival and Early Death Within Three Months from the Start of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in Patients With Different Types of Cancer; Background/Aim: Implementation of new anticancer treatments in rural healthcare might not always result in identical survival outcomes as those seen in the randomized trials leading to approval. Therefore, the survival of patients treated with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) in Nordland county was analyzed. Patients and Methods: Retrospective analysis of 199 patients, mainly treated in adjuvant or palliative settings, e.g., for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) or malignant melanoma (from 2018 to 2021). Overall survival and death within 3 months from start of ICI were evaluated. Results: All patients who received (neo)adjuvant treatment were alive at the time of this analysis. Median survival was not reached for patients treated with consolidation durvalumab for NSCLC. Twentyfive patients died within 3 months [none after (neo)adjuvant or consolidation ICI]. Among these 25 patients, none had performance status (PS) 0 and only 7 had PS 1. Among 13 patients aged ≥80 years, 5 (38%) died within 3 months. Four of five patients treated on an individual basis outside of generally accepted indications died within 3 months. Conclusion: The overall survival outcomes observed after limited follow-up appear satisfactory. Death within 3 months was typically caused by cancer progression and mostly related to reduced PS (≥2) and/or advanced age (≥80 years).
P-152 Real-world data in patients with localized esophageal and gastro-esophageal junction cancer undergoing surgery in France: Results from the FREGAT database; Background: Esophageal cancer (EC) is the third most common digestive cancer in France with an incidence of 5450 new cases in 2018. All stages combined the prognosis remains poor with 5-year survival rates around 14%. In non-metastatic patients, the benefits of adding perioperative chemotherapy (CT) or neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (NACRT) to surgery have been demonstrated and are currently recommended. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) have showed promising results. The aim of the study was to provide real-world treatment outcomes before arrival of ICI in the therapeutic arsenal. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients with EC including gastro-esophageal junction cancer (GEJC) who underwent surgery. Patients who underwent surgery between 2014-2019 were identified from the FREGAT database which collected clinical characteristics and treatment for approximately 4000 patients from 35 French centres. Overall survival (OS) and Disease-Free Survival (DFS) were assessed using the Kaplan-Meier method. Results: The FREGAT database included 2262 patients with EC/GEJC, 1366 (60.3%) had stage II or III disease. From them, 833 (60.9%) underwent surgery. Median age was 64 years, 82% were male and 97% had an ECOG 0-1. 228 (27.4%) patients presented with esophageal adenocarcinoma (EAC), 218 (26.2%) with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) and 387 (46.4%) with GEJC. NACRT was administered to 382 patients (45.8%), neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) to 350 (42.0%) and 101 patients (12.1%) had primary surgery. NACRT was almost equally used in both histologies (43.7% - 56.3%) whereas NACT was prominently used in adenocarcinoma (96.6%). 258 patients (30.9%) received an adjuvant CT of whom 23 had no neoadjuvant therapy. Among patients receiving NACRT, only 20 (5.2%) underwent adjuvant CT in accordance with local guidelines and 259 (67.8%) had residual disease on pathological analysis. Considering neoadjuvant treatment, the most frequently used CT regimen was FOLFOX (48.5%) followed by carboplatin+paclitaxel (18.2%). Neoadjuvant FOLFOX use was consistent across histologies (47.0 % for EAC and GEJC and 53.1% for ESCC). Median OS and DFS after surgery were 37.0 months (95% CI: 32.8-43.0) and 19.7 months (95% CI: 16.9-24.1) respectively with no significant differences by cancer localization and histology. Also, by initial treatment (NACRT/NACT/primary surgery), there were no significant differences in median OS: after NACRT 35.2 months (95% CI: 28.2-43.0), after NACT: 37.5 months (95% CI: 31.4-md) and after primary surgery 38.4 months (95% CI: 26.0-md). There were no significant differences in median DFS (after NACRT 16.9 months (95% CI: 13.3-23.3) vs after NACT 21.6 months (95% CI: 16.0-md) vs after primary surgery 23.5 months (95% CI: 18.8-36.1), respectively, p=0.166). In resected population receiving NACRT, 232 patients (60.7%) met the inclusion criteria of the adjuvant nivolumab phase III trial (complete resection, and residual pathological disease) and could benefit from this new therapeutic option. Conclusions: This study offers insights into treatments options and outcomes in French patients with resectable EC/GEJC before arrival of ICI. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: This study was funded by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Disclosures: G. Piessen: Advisory / Consultancy: BMS, Astellas, Nestlé; Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: medtronic. A. Adenis: Advisory / Consultancy: BMS; Speaker Bureau / Expert testimony: BMS; Research grant / Funding (institution): BMS; Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: BMS. P. Singh: Shareholder / Stockholder / Stock options: Bristol Myers Squibb; Full / Part-time employment: Bristol Myers Squibb. H. Xiao: Full / Part-time employment: Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Bristol-Myers Squibb. P. Casabianca: Full / Part-time employment: Bristol Myers Squibb. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in gastrointestinal tumors with mismatch repair deficiency: An institutional analysis; Background: Clinical trials have reported robust anti-tumor activity of immunotherapy (IO) in metastatic deficient mismatch repair (dMMR)/ microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) solid tumors. However, data documenting the efficacy of IO as neoadjuvant therapy in localized, locally advanced, and oligometastatic dMMR/MSI-H gastrointestinal (GI) cancers are sparse. We performed a single-institution retrospective analysis to evaluate the efficacy of neoadjuvant IO in dMMR/MSI-H GI cancer patients. Methods: The current study included histologically documented dMMR/MSI-H GI cancer patients aged >18 years who had localized, locally advanced, or oligometastatic disease and received neoadjuvant IO in a tertiary care cancer center between January 1, 2015 and December 31, 2021. Electronic medical records of the patients were reviewed to gather de-identified data on patient characteristics, tumor characteristics, treatment details, duration of IO, response to IO, and survival. The data cutoff date was March 15, 2022. Results: The analysis included 28 patients with the following patient characteristics: median age- 62 years (range, 32-90); gender- male 15 (53 %) and female 13 (47%), race- Caucasian 21(75%), African American 7 (25%). The tumor types included adenocarcinomas of colon 18/28 (64%), pancreas 4/28 (14%), stomach 2/28 (7%), biliary tract 2/28 (7%), duodenum 1/28 (4%), and rectum 1/28 (4%). The stage distribution was as follows: stage II-1 patient (3%), stage III-17 (61%), and stage IV (oligometastatic disease)- 10 (36%). The surgery was not pursued upfront either because of the extent of the tumors or comorbid conditions precluding surgery. The IO consisted of pembrolizumab in 22 (79%) patients, ipilimumab and nivolumab combination in 4 (14%), and immunochemotherapy combination in 2 (7%). Of the 28 patients, 15 (54%) received IO in the first-line and the rest in the second-line setting. The overall response rate was 75% (21/28): 6 (21 %) radiologic complete responses (CR), 3 (11 %) pathologic CR (pCR), 11 (39%) partial responses, 1(4%) clinical CR (cCR), 5 (18%) stable disease, and 2 (6%) progressive disease. The median duration of IO was 6.5 months (range, 2 to 52), and the median time to best response was 4 months (range, 2 to 10). After a median follow-up of 11.5 months (range, 3-78) from the beginning of IO, the median progression-free survival and overall survival were not reached, and only 4 (14%) patients died. After neoadjuvant IO, 4 (14%) patients underwent surgery, and 3 out of 4 patients did not have a viable tumor in the surgical specimen. All 14 patients who had at least 12 months of follow-up from the beginning of IO remained progression-free. Adverse events (AEs) of any grade were seen in 10 (36 %) patients and 6 (21%) patients had grade > 3 AEs. Conclusions: In this small cohort of patients with dMMR/MSI-H GI tumors, neoadjuvant IO was associated with a high response rate, including complete responses in a significant proportion of patients. Further studies are needed to examine neoadjuvant IO as a standard strategy for patients with locally advanced and oligometastatic dMMR/MSI-H GI cancers. Furthermore, neoadjuvant IO may potentially offer non-operative management in patients with localized and locally advanced dMMR/MSI-H GI cancers. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosures: S. Chakrabarti: Honoraria (self): Natera Inc; Speaker Bureau / Expert testimony: Natera Inc. B. George: Honoraria (self): BMS; Advisory / Consultancy: BMS. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
P-258 Chemoimmunotherapy in the context of total neoadjuvant therapy (TNT) in patients with locally advanced rectal cancer; Background: Colorectal cancer is the third most common and the fourth most deadly cancer worldwide, with a high mortality rate in advanced-stage disease. Current standard therapy includes neoadjuvant chemoradiation or short-course radiation followed by total mesorectal excision (TME) and adjuvant chemotherapy. Recently, the RAPIDO and Prodigee23 phase III randomized trials examined the role of total neoadjuvant therapy (TNT) in rectal cancer and both reported a 28% pathologic complete response (pCR) and improvement in disease free survival (DFS). In addition, immunotherapy, specifically PDL-1 inhibitors, has shown promising clinical benefits when used in treating different types of cancers. In the context of TNT strategy, this study aims to assess the efficacy and safety profile of the combination of radiation therapy with chemoimmunotherapy, in treating patients with locally advanced rectal adenocarcinoma (NCT03503630). Methods: This is an open-label, single-arm multicenter and stage-2 phase II study investigating the pCR and safety of using short course radiation therapy (25 Gy in 5 fractions), followed by 6 cycles of mFOLFOX-6 plus avelumab (10 mg/kg), followed by TME, in patients with locally advanced, potentially resectable rectal adenocarcinoma. Patients were followed for 3 years survival post-surgery. The primary endpoint is to assess the percentage of patients who achieved pCR, while the secondary endpoints are the DFS at 3 years, tumor regression grade (TRG), and frequency and severity of different adverse events (AE) related to avelumab. Results: 44 patients were accrued from 2018 to 2020, of which 40 patients received at least one treatment cycle and underwent TME for analysis. 14(35%) were females and 26(65%) were males. The median age is 58.5 years (min 31–max 74). As for the outcomes, 15(37.5%) patients achieved pCR/TRG=0 (no viable tumor cells), 12(30%) had near-complete response/TRG=1 ( 50% viable tumor cells). Patients with pCR had a mean immunoscore (IS) of 68 +/-22 SD as opposed to a mean IS of 53 +/-22 SD in 25(62.5%) patients without pCR (p-value=0.049). The 3 years DFS is 85% and only 6(15%) out of the 40 patients had recurrence. Moving on, 291 AEs were reported (16 hematologic vs 275 non-hematologic), out of which 15 were related to avelumab, 22 to surgery and 35 to immunologic causes. 43(14.7%) were serious adverse events (SAE) of which 4(9%) were grade 1 SAEs, 8(19%) grade 2, 25(58%) grade 3, 5(12%) grade 4 and 1(2%) grade 5. Of the grade 3-5 SAEs, none were related to avelumab as 11 were due to TME, 3 to post-ileostomy closure and 17 were miscellaneous. Moreover, 27(87%) of SAEs resolved without sequalae and 1(3%) is treatment-unrelated that resulted in death from cardiopulmonary arrest. We will report on quality of life (QoL) in a later submission pending data completion. Conclusions: In the context of TNT, chemoimmunotherapy may play a role in certain patient categories, especially in those with initial high immunoscore to achieve higher pathologic complete response. Further studies with rectal preservation strategy are needed. Clinical trial identification: Clinicaltrials.gov; NCT03503630 https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03503630. Legal entity responsible for the study: The author. Funding: This research was financially supported by Merck (CrossRef Funder ID: 10.13039/100009945), as part of an alliance between Merck and Pfizer. Disclosures: D. Mukherji: Honoraria (self): Merck Serono, MSD, BMS; Research grant / Funding (institution): Merck Serono, Astellas, BMS. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab (NIVO) + platinum-doublet chemotherapy (chemo) versus chemo for resectable (IB-IIIA) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Association of pathological regression with event-free survival (EFS) in CheckMate 816; Background: Several studies have shown an association of pathological response, a common efficacy endpoint in neoadjuvant therapy trials, with survival for chemo in various cancers including resectable NSCLC. However, the association between pathological complete response (pCR) and survival as well as the degree of pathological regression that may be predictive of EFS for neoadjuvant immunotherapy has not been rigorously studied. CheckMate 816 (NCT02998528), a randomized phase 3 study of neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo vs chemo in resectable NSCLC, met both of its primary endpoints with a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in EFS and pCR. Here, we report a post hoc analysis from CheckMate 816, characterizing the association between pathological regression and EFS. Methods: Adults with resectable NSCLC were randomized to NIVO 360 mg + platinum-doublet chemo Q3W or chemo alone Q3W for 3 cycles. Primary endpoints were EFS and pCR (0% residual viable tumor [RVT] in the primary tumor [PT] and lymph nodes [LN] based on immune-related pathological response criteria), both assessed by blinded independent review. Major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% RVT in the PT and LN) was a secondary endpoint. In this post hoc analysis, EFS was assessed based on depth of pathological regression (measured by %RVT) in the PT only. Also, a time-dependent receiver operating characteristic curve analysis assessed the predictive ability of %RVT (PT only) for EFS outcome at 2 years, using area under the curve (AUC) to summarize the overall diagnostic accuracy (0.5 = random chance; 1 = perfect accuracy). Results: Baseline characteristics in patients (pts) with pathologically evaluable samples were well balanced between the NIVO + chemo and chemo arms, similar to the overall population. In both treatment arms, EFS (minimum follow-up, 21 months) was improved in pts with vs without pCR or MPR (Table). %RVT appeared to be predictive of EFS at 2 years for NIVO + chemo (AUC = 0.74) but an association was not clear for chemo (AUC = 0.54). 2- year EFS rates for NIVO + chemo were 90%, 60%, 57%, and 39% for pts with 0-5%, >5-30%, >30-80%, and >80% RVT, respectively. Conclusions: In CheckMate 816, pathological response (pCR and MPR) in the PT was associated with improved EFS with neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo. Additionally, depth of pathological regression appeared to be predictive of improved EFS.
Distinct immune gene programs associated with host tumor immunity, neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in resectable NSCLC; Background: Our understanding of the immunopathology of early-stage NSCLC is still limited. While neoadjuvant immunotherapeutic strategies have recently shown anti-tumor effects in resectable NSCLC, their mechanisms remain inadequately understood. Here, we explore immune programs that inform of tumor immunity and response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in localized NSCLC. Methods: Targeted immune gene sequencing using the HTG Precision Immuno-Oncology panel was performed in localized NSCLCs from three cohorts based on treatment: naïve (n=190), neoadjuvant chemotherapy (n=38) and neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (n=21). Three tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) phenotypes (inflamed, cold, excluded) were derived based on CD8+ T cell infiltration. Signatures of immune cell abundance and immune genes were statistically compared based on tumoral PD-L1 expression, immune phenotypes, associated with pathological response, and were cross-compared across the three cohorts. Results: PD-L1 positive tumors exhibited increased signature scores for various lymphoid and myeloid cell subsets (both, p<0.05). TIME phenotypes exhibited disparate frequencies by stage, PD-L1 expression, and mutational burden. Inflamed NSCLCs displayed overall significantly heightened levels of immune signatures with the excluded group representing an intermediate state. A signature of cytotoxic T cells was associated with favorable survival in neoadjuvant chemotherapy-treated NSCLCs (p<0.05). Major pathological response to chemoimmunotherapy was positively associated with CD8 T cells (p<0.05) and Th1 cells were significantly reduced postchemoimmunotherapy (p<0.001). Among the three cohorts, chemoimmunotherapy-treated NSCLCs exhibited highest scores for various immune cell subsets including T effector and B cells (both, p<0.05). Conclusions: Our findings highlight immune gene programs that may underlie host tumor immunity and response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in early-stage NSCLC.
Distinct tumor infiltrating Treg lineages are associated with response to anti-PD1 checkpoint blockade in NSCLC; Immune-checkpoint blockade (ICB) has proved a major success, especially in highly mutated tumors such as lung cancer. Nevertheless, not all patients respond to ICB. It is possible that regulatory T cells (Tregs) play a role in this lack of response by suppressing tumor-reactive cytotoxic T cells, however the specific mechanisms that lead to this suppression remain elusive. It is therefore necessary to understand the functional programming and suppressive nature of Treg subsets in the tumor microenvironment to define targetable molecules for future biomarker-driven therapeutics. In this study we performed single cell RNA-sequencing on T cells isolated from resected tissue and peripheral blood from 15 neoadjuvant nivolumab (anti-PD1)-treated and 10 untreated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. We identified and analyzed 71,251 CD4+ FoxP3+ Tregs. Refined clustering was performed, and we used pseudotime and differential gene analyses to understand the transcriptional relationship between clusters and patient groups. With our highly refined clustering approach, we identified 8 separate Treg clusters that reflect differing functionalities within the tumor microenvironment. We demonstrate distinct Treg subsets that diverge towards either an activated state, expressing members of the tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) superfamily: OX40, 41BB, GITR, or a resting state. Patients who respond to ICI have a decreased activated Treg score and demonstrate RNA velocity trajectory from activated Tregs towards more in-active and resting populations. Untreated patients conversely show a high activated Treg score with RNA velocity demonstrating activated Tregs are a terminal differentiation state. We hypothesize that ICI treatment pushes Tregs away from an activated phenotype towards more quiescent and that the efficiency of this transition may predict response to ICI. We plan to stimulate receptors associated with non-response using TNFR agonist ligands and hypothesize that their induced signaling will result in transcriptional program changes altering the suppressive ability of Tregs. In addition, we show that Tregs who experience antigen within the tumor microenvironment are more suppressive than bystander Tregs that home to the tumor without antigen stimulation. Together, this study provides an in-depth look at the Treg-derived suppressive mechanisms governing their function in the TME of anti-PD-1-treated vs. untreated tumors. This indepth analysis of tumor Tregs has identified specific targetable biomarkers which could be used to improve ICB response while mitigating off-target immune adverse events by specifically inhibiting a small subset of Tregs without disturbing systemic immune homeostasis.
Spatial transcriptomics identifies unique pharmacodynamic effects of checkpoint inhibitor treatment on the tumor microenvironment in NSCLC; Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy has improved outcomes in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), particularly in patients with high tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). Identifying the pharmacodynamic (PD) impact of ICI on immune cells in the tumor microenvironment (TME) can inform therapeutic development for patients with progressive disease. We sought to identify PD changes in the TME from patients before and after ICI therapy using a spatial transcriptomics platform that allows highly multiplexed profiling of 1,800 genes (Nanostring Digital Spatial Profiler [DSP]). Methods: Formalin fixed, paraffin embedded (FFPE) tumor tissue from 22 patients was sourced commercially. Patients were treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy, then underwent a surgical tumor resection. After surgery an adjuvant chemotherapy was administered until progression; patients then received monotherapy ICI (nivolumab or pembrolizumab). Once progressed on ICI, another resection was performed. Patients were then treated with chemotherapy and followed until progression and/or death. The DSP technology was used to independently profile RNA from PanCK+ (tumor) and PanCK-(stroma) regions in the tissue based on fluorescence staining. Six circular regions of 600μm in diameter were selected for analysis using the GeoMx instrument; each area contained CD3+ cells. Additionally, immunohistochemistry for PDL1 and CD3 was performed, images were scored by a pathologist and analyzed with digital pathology algorithms. Results: Spatial transcriptomic analysis of pre-vs post-ICI treatment in stroma revealed significant increases in T cell genes (CD3E, TCRB, NKG7), T-cell activation markers (CD69, IFNG, OX40, GZMB, ICOS), costimulatory signaling (CD28, CD80, CD86), and immune checkpoints (CTLA4, TIGIT). Ayers et al., JCI 2017 identified 28 genes predictive of ICI response, 12 were significantly upregulated in the stroma post-ICI (26 were present in the DSP panel). We identified genes in the pre-ICI stromal microenvironment that were highly expressed in patients with partial response to ICI, the most significant genes were involved in immune regulation (IFIT1) and extracellular matrix remodeling (MMP3). In contrast, stromal genes highly expressed in patients with progressive disease were associated with T-cell maintenance (ETS1, IL7R, CCL19). Conclusions: In this study we used spatial transcriptomics to profile tissue regions where T-cells were in close proximity to tumor cells (microns). This focused, local PD analysis confirmed activated T-cells are present post-ICI. Ongoing studies in a larger cohort will be used to identify tumoral mechanisms of resistance and immune dysfunction to inform future therapeutics and combinations.
AI-powered and manual assessment of PD-L1 are comparable in predicting response to neoadjuvant atezolizumab in patients (pts) with resectable nonsquamous, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: PD-L1 expression evaluated by immunohistochemistry (IHC) is a well-established predictor of anti-PD-L1/PD-1 cancer immunotherapy (CIT). The Phase II LCMC3 (NCT02927301) study evaluated pre-operative treatment (tx) with atezolizumab (anti-PD-L1) in pts with untreated early stage resectable NSCLC, achieving a 20% major pathologic response (MPR) rate (primary efficacy pts, n=143). A digital PD-L1 scoring method was developed to assess PD-L1 expression as a potential predictive marker for MPR in squamous and non-squamous tumor samples from LCMC3. Methods: Manual scoring was used to determine PD-L1 status on pre-tx biopsy samples using the tumor proportion score (TPS) with a positive threshold of TPS≥50 (22C3). Binary results were correlated with MPR and stratified by squamous/non-squamous histology. A digital pathology workflow for automated PD-L1 scoring was developed to yield a precise continuous PD-L1 TPS. Deep convolutional neural networks trained using pathologist annotations were used to detect individual cells within the tumor and tumor microenvironment and quantify their PD-L1 expression. These cell type predictions were used to compute a digital PD-L1 TPS. LCMC3 pts with availabledigital and manual PD-L1 scores were then used to assess the role of PD-L1 expression in predicting MPR. Results: PD-L1 scores were available for pre-tx biopsies from 108 pts. No significant difference in scores was seen between histological subtypes. At cutoff (Oct 15, 2021), TPS≥50 was seen in 41 (non-squamous, n=26 [39%]; squamous, n=15 [36%]) of 108 pts and was associated with MPR in non-squamous (odds ratio [OR], 28.6; P<0.001; Fisher's exact test) but not squamous histology (OR, 1.3; P=1.0). Continuous digital PD-L1 scores (range: 0-100) were highly correlated with local manual PD-L1 scores (range: 0-100) for squamous (n=42, Pearson r=0.90, P<0.001) and nonsquamous stained histology slides (n=66, Pearson r=0.90, P<0.001). Continuous digital and manual PD-L1 TPS on pre-tx biopsies (n=108) were predictive of MPR (digital: area under the receiver operating curve (AUROC)=0.678, logistic regression [LR] P=0.01; manual: AUROC=0.675, LR P=0.003). Strikingly, when pts were stratified by histology, PD-L1 scores were predictive of MPR from pre-tx biopsies for non-squamous samples (n=66; digital: AUROC=0.821, LR P=0.002; manual: AUROC=0.819, LR P=0.001) but not for squamous samples (n=42; digital: AUROC=0.519, LR P=0.93; manual: AUROC=0.506, LR P=0.90), despite no significant difference in MPR rate between the 2 groups. Conclusions: These findings support using digitally assessed PD-L1 IHC as a centralized and standardized scoring system and suggest that tumor histological subtype could be an important factor in the utility of PD-L1 as a predictive biomarker for neoadjuvant CIT in early stage NSCLC.
NeoCOAST-2: a randomized, open-label, phase 2 study of neoadjuvant durvalumab plus novel immunotherapies and chemotherapy (CT) followed by adjuvant durvalumab plus novel agents, in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant and adjuvant platinum-based CT improve survival rates in patients with resectable, early-stage NSCLC vs surgery alone. PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors have shown clinical efficacy in patients with resectable, early-stage NSCLC, in both the neoadjuvant and adjuvant settings. The anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) durvalumab, in combination with either the anti-CD73 mAb oleclumab or the anti-NKG2A mAb monalizumab, improved response rates and progression-free survival in patients with unresectable, Stage III NSCLC in the phase 2 COAST trial (NCT03822351). The NeoCOAST trial (NCT03794544) is currently evaluating the combination of durvalumab with oleclumab or monalizumab as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable, early-stage NSCLC. NeoCOAST-2 (NCT05061550) is a multicenter study of neoadjuvant durvalumab combined with CT and either oleclumab or monalizumab, followed by surgery and adjuvant durvalumab plus oleclumab or monalizumab, in patients with resectable, Stage IIA-IIIA NSCLC. Methods: Eligible patients must have previously untreated, histologically/cytologically confirmed NSCLC, a WHO/ECOG performance status of 0 or 1, and life expectancy of ≥12 weeks. Patients must have tumor samples available for biomarker analyses, have planned surgery consisting of lobectomy, sleeve resection, or bilobectomy, and have a pre- or post-bronchodilator FEV1 of 1.0 L /24/22, 1:56 PM Abstract CT124: NeoCOAST-2: a randomized, open-label, phase 2 study of neoadjuvant durvalumab plus novel immunotherapies https://aacrjournals.org/cancerres/article/82/12-Supplement/CT124/703186/Abstract-CT124-NeoCOAST-2-a-randomized-open-label 2/4 Skip to Main Content Advertisement View Metrics and DLCO >40% postoperative predictive value. Patients with sensitizing EGFR mutations or ALK translocations, history of allogeneic organ transplantation, active or prior documented autoimmune or inflammatory disorders, or uncontrolled intercurrent illness, are excluded. Approximately 140 patients will be randomized 1:1, stratified by PD-L1 expression (<1% vs ≥1%), to receive IV durvalumab + oleclumab or monalizumab + CT Q3W for 4 cycles prior to surgery, followed by durvalumab + oleclumab or monalizumab Q4W post surgery. Surgery must occur within 40 days of the last dose of neoadjuvant therapy. Patients will receive adjuvant therapy starting within 10 weeks after surgery, for 12 cycles or until disease progression (per RECIST v1.1). The primary endpoints are pathological complete response rate per blinded independent pathologist review, and safety and tolerability. Secondary endpoints include investigator-assessed event-free survival and disease-free survival, feasibility of planned surgery, major pathological response rate, changes in circulating tumor DNA, investigator-assessed objective response rate following neoadjuvant therapy, overall survival, pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity.
NeoCOAST: open-label, randomized, phase 2, multidrug platform study of neoadjuvant durvalumab alone or combined with novel agents in patients (pts) with resectable, early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant anti-PD-(L)1 therapy may offer clinical benefit in resectable, early-stage NSCLC. NeoCOAST (NCT03794544) is a global, randomized phase 2 study of the anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) durvalumab (D) alone or combined with the anti-CD73 mAb oleclumab (O), the anti-NKG2A mAb monalizumab (M), or the anti-STAT3 antisense oligonucleotide danvatirsen (Da) as neoadjuvant therapy. Methods: Pts with previously untreated, cytologically/histologically documented, resectable, Stage I [>2 cm]-IIIA NSCLC and ECOG PS 0-1 were randomized 1:1:1:1 (stratified by lymph node involvement) to receive D 1500 mg IV alone Q4W or combined with O 3000 mg IV Q2W, M 750 mg IV Q2W, or Da 200 mg IV QW, for one 28-day cycle, followed by surgery. Da monotherapy was also given on days 1, 3 and 5 of the week prior to combination treatment. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% residual viable tumor cells at tumor site and nodes, at surgery). Secondary endpoints were pathological complete response (pCR; no viable tumor cells), safety and tolerability, feasibility of surgery, PK and immunogenicity. Exploratory endpoints included tumor and microbiome biomarkers and blood mRNA signatures.Results: From March 2019 to Sept 2020, 84 pts were randomized and 83 received D (n=26), D+O (n=21), D+M (n=20), or D+Da (n=16). MPR occurred in 11.1% (95% CI, 2.4-29.2), 19.0% (95% CI, 5.4-41.9), 30.0% (95% CI, 11.9-54.3), and 31.3% (95% CI, 11.0-58.7%), respectively. pCR occurred in 3.7% (95% CI, 0.1-19.0), 9.5% (95% CI, 1.2-30.4), 10.0% (95% CI, 1.2-31.7%) and 12.5% (95% CI, 1.6-38.3), respectively. Rates of treatment-related AEs were 34.6% with D, 57.1% with D+O, 50.0% with D+M, and 43.8% with D+Da (grade ≥3 in 0%, 4.8%, 0% and 6.3%, respectively). Most pts (76/83; 91.6%) completed surgery with no significant delay; of the 7 pts unable to, 5 had progressive or stage IV disease. Across all arms, MPR was more common in pts with baseline tumor PD-L1 expression ≥1% vs those with <1%. With D, CD73 expression was correlated with greater residual viable tumor cells at surgery; however, with D+O, high CD73 (≥10% tumor cells) was associated with reduced viable tumor cells. Transcriptome analysis of post-treatment and baseline blood samples showed upregulation of genes involved in B cell activation and antigen presentation in pts with MPR in the D+O arm, and upregulation of genes associated with Tregs in pts with MPR in the D+M arm. Conclusions: One cycle of D + O, M or Da improved MPR and pCR rates vs D alone, with no new safety signals. Responses were associated with baseline tumor PD-L1 and CD73 expression levels. Pts with MPR receiving D+O or D+M had peripheral transcriptomic signatures related to immune cell function. These data warrant further investigation of these agents in resectable NSCLC.
Nivolumab (NIVO) + platinum-doublet chemotherapy (chemo) vs chemo as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable (IB-IIIA) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Event-free survival (EFS) results from the phase 3 CheckMate 816 trial; Background: CheckMate 816 (NCT02998528), a randomized phase 3 study of neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo vs chemo for resectable NSCLC, met its first primary endpoint with a statistically significant improvement in pathological complete response (pCR) rate (24% vs 2%; odds ratio 13.94 [99% CI, 3.49-55.75; P < 0.0001]). pCR benefit was consistent across key subgroups, including disease stages, histologies, and PD-L1 expression levels. Notably, neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo did not impede feasibility of surgery nor increase incidence of surgical complications or adverse events (AEs) vs chemo alone. We report results from the first prespecified interim analysis of EFS, the other primary endpoint. Methods: Adults with stage IB (≥ 4 cm)-IIIA (per AJCC 7th ed) resectable NSCLC, ECOG PS ≤ 1, and no known EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized to NIVO 360 mg + chemo Q3W or chemo Q3W for 3 cycles (n = 179 each). Primary endpoints were EFS and pCR (both assessed by blinded independent review) in the randomized population. EFS was defined as the length of time from randomization to any disease progression precluding surgery, disease progression or recurrence after surgery, or death due to any cause. An exploratory analysis of EFS by pCR status was conducted. Results: At a median follow-up of 29.5 mo (database lock, October 20, 2021), neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo significantly improved EFS vs chemo in the randomized population (median [95% CI], 31.6 mo [30.2-not reached (NR)] vs 20.8 mo [14.0-26.7]; HR [97.38% CI], 0.63 [0.43-0.91]; P = 0.0052; 2-year EFS rates, 64% vs 45%). EFS results in the subgroups by disease stages, histologies, and PD-L1 expression levels are shown in the Table: In the pooled patient population (NIVO + chemo and chemo arms combined), EFS was improved in patients with pCR compared with those without (median, NR vs 21.1 mo; HR [95% CI], 0.11 [0.04-0.29]). Incidence of grade 3-4 treatment-related (33.5% vs 36.9%) and surgery-related AEs (11.4% vs 14.8%) was similar between the NIVO + chemo and chemo arms, as reported previously. Conclusions: In CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo showed a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in EFS vs chemo alone. These results, along with the significant improvement in pCR, support NIVO + chemo as a potential new treatment option for patients with stage IB-IIIA resectable NSCLC.
CCTG BL13 a randomized phase II trial assessing trimodality therapy with or without adjuvant durvalumab to treat patients with muscle-invasive bladder cancer (NCT03768570); Background: Immunotherapy improves outcomes in the advanced (Bellmunt 2019; Powles 2020) as well as in the adjuvant setting post cystectomy (Bajorin 2021) for muscle invasive bladder cancer (MIBC) patients. Trimodality treatment (TMT) consisting of transurethral resection of bladder tumor (TURBT) followed by chemoradiotherapy (CRT) may be considered an alternative to radical cystectomy in MIBC. The role of radiotherapy and chemotherapy as immune system stimulants provides a rationale to evaluate the anticancer activity of checkpoint inhibitors in this patient population. Durvalumab, an anti PDL1 inhibitor, administered after CRT leads to improvement in PFS and OS in patients with locally advanced NSCLC, which further supports the rationale for this study (Antonia 2017, 2018). We hypothesized that durvalumab will improve outcomes in patients with MIBC when administered in the adjuvant setting after completion of trimodality therapy. Methods: CCTG BL13 is a Canadian Cancer Trials Group, randomized phase II trial in patients with stage T2-T4a N0M0, urothelial carcinoma treated with TURBT followed by radiotherapy with concurrent chemotherapy. Treatment arms consist of durvalumab 1500 mg IV q 4 weeks for 12 months versus surveillance. The primary objective: to compare disease free survival (DFS) between arms (RECIST 1.1, investigator assessed). Secondary endpoints include a non muscle-invasive bladder cancer recurrence rate (< T2); locoregional control rate; overall survival; bladder intact DFS, patterns of disease recurrence; metastasis free survival; safety; quality of life ; economics evaluation. A pilot sub study (BL13F) has been activated and will evaluate the feasibility of electronic real-time patient self-reporting of immunotherapy related symptomatic adverse events using the SYMPTOM-IQ Tool on the uMotif Mobile Health Application (APP). Statistical Design: Randomization 1:1 balanced for stratification factors: ECOG PS; neoadjuvant chemotherapy; radiation field extent; T2 vs T3/T4; centre. Assuming a 2-year DFS rate 65% for patients on the control arm and estimated 12% improvement in the 2-year DFS rate (65% to 77% (HR 0.61)) with 80% power using a 1-sided 10% level test requires a sample size of 190 including 5% drop out rate. Conduct to Date: Study activation Dec 2018. Enrollment as of January 31 2022: 49. The DSMC reviewed and recommended trial continuation in November 2021.
Nivolumab + chemotherapy versus chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable stage IIIA NSCLC: Primary endpoint results of pathological complete response (pCR) from phase II NADIM II trial; Background: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is incurable in most patients with locally advanced stage IIIA disease. Previous results indicate that the use of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy could increase the percentage of cured patients being a promising therapeutic option that has to be tested in randomized clinical trials. Methods: NADIM II (NCT03838159) is an open-label, randomized, twoarm, phase II, multi-center clinical trial. Patients with resectable clinical stage IIIA (per AJCC 7th ed) NSCLC, ECOG PS 0-1, and no known EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized to receive Nivolumab (NIVO) 360mg + Paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + Carboplatin AUC5 for 3 cycles every 21 days (+/- 3 days) as neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgery, or Paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + Carboplatin AUC5 for 3 cycles every 21 days (+/- 3 days) followed by surgery. Patients with R0 resection confirmed by pathological evaluation initiated adjuvant administration of NIVO within the 3rd to 8th week (+7 days) from surgery and for 6 months. The primary endpoint was pathological complete response (pCR) by blinded independent pathological review (BIPR) in the intent-to-treat population (ITT). pCR was defined as 0% viable tumor cells in resected lung and lymph nodes; patients who did not undergo surgery were classified as non-responders. Major pathological response (MPR; ≤ 10% viable tumor) per BIPR, overall response rate (ORR), toxicity profile, and potential predictive biomarkers are secondary endpoints. Results: Between February 8, 2019, and November 11, 2021, 90 patients were enrolled, of whom 87 patients were valid. Neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo significantly increased the pCR rate compared to chemo in the ITT (36.2% vs 6.8%; Relative Risk (RR) 5.25 [99% CI 1.32-20.87]; P = 0.0071). NIVO + chemo also improved MPR rates vs chemo in the ITT (52 % vs 14 %), as well as ORR (74 % vs 48%). Definitive surgery occurred for 91% of pts treated with NIVO + chemo and 69% with chemo; surgery was cancelled rarely due to AEs (1 pts/experimental arm) and due to disease progression in 1 and 4 pts in the experimental and control arm respectively. Grade 3-4-related AEs were reported in 24 % vs 10% in the NIVO + chemo vs chemo arms, respectively. In the ITT experimental arm, patients with pCR had higher PD-L1 TPS (median 70%, IQR 5-90%) compared to non-responders (median 0%, IQR 0-37.5%, P = 0.0035). AUC to predict pCR was 0.734 (95% CI 0.59-0.88; P = 0.005). The pCR rate rises across increasing categories of PD-L1 TPS (< 1% 14.3%; 1-49% 41.7%; ≥50% 61.1%; P = 0.008). Conclusions: This study confirms the superiority of the chemo-immuno combination in patients with resectable stage IIIA NSCLC in terms of pCR, as well as the feasibility of surgery, with a moderate increase in grade 3-4 toxicity. Thus, this treatment should become the standard of care in these patients.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), an ideal liquid biopsy approach to evaluate systematic immunity and predict response of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in resectable NSCLC; Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) dramatically improved clinical outcomes of patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, ICIs are not the scenario of “One-size fits to all”. It is of great importance to explore biomarkers, especially via liquid biopsy-based approach, to predict or monitor treatment response. Besides comprehensive genomic profiling of primary tumor tissue, this study focused on gene expression profile of PBMCs at baseline as well as one week post 1st immunotherapy administration, and its association with major pathological response (MPR) of neoadjuvant chem-immunotherapy in resectable NSCLC patients. Methods: Pre-treatment tumor biopsies and PBMC at baseline (D0) and 7 days after neoadjuvant chem-immunotherapy (D7) were collected from 27 patients with stage IB-IIIB NSCLC from two prospective clinical trials (NCT04422392 and NCT04762030) between Aug 2019 and July 2021. Tumor biopsies were subjected for comprehensive genomic profiling by an NGS panel covering 571 cancer related genes, and RNA from PBMC was subjected to an RNA sequencing panel covering transcripts of 2660 genes. (Amoy Diagnostics, Xiamen, China). Single sample gene set enrichment analysis (ssGSEA) was used to assess enrichment of inflammatory- related gene sets. CIBERSORT and in-housed established DAISM-DNN algorithm were applied to estimate immune cell populations from PBMC-derived gene expression profile. Results: Patients received chemo-immunotherapy achieved 59.3% of MPR. Stronger signatures including effector T cell and IFN-γ/Effector T-cell were significantly enriched in baseline PBMC samples in MPR patients (p = 0.028, p = 0.042 respectively). In parallel, significant increasing Naïve CD8 positive T cells was observed in PBMC at D7 in MPR patients by both CIBERSORT (p = 0.047) and DAISM-DNN algorithm (p = 0.018). Interestingly, at D7, signature of M0 macrophage was enriched in PBMC from patients with non-MPR. In addition, comprehensive genomic profiling indicated a numerically higher level of tumor mutation burden (TMB) in pretreatment tumor samples in MPR patients (Median TMB, MPR 11.51 mut/Mb vs Non-MPR 7.19 mut/Mb, p = 0.074). Conclusions: Expression profile of baseline PBMC as well as dynamics of PBMC profile in a short period (7 days) may predict the clinical efficacy of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy. More patients are being enrolled into this study. Moreover, to validate these findings, large-scale and prospective investigations are warranted.
Multi-omics analysis uncovers prognostic biomarkers and tumor ecosystem dynamics during sequential neoadjuvant treatment of dose-limiting chemotherapy combined with sintilimab for non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) can benefit from the treatment of preoperative neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy. However, the selection in concurrent or sequential neoadjuvant treatment is still controversial. Therefore, the effective form of sequential neoadjuvant treatment as well as predictive biomarkers are still need to be further investigated. Methods: We carried out a multi-omics study on 12 enrolled NSCLC patients who received sequential neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatments. The responses to therapy were rigorously evaluated. Biopsies pre and post neoadjuvant therapy were performed with whole-exome sequencing, transcriptome sequencing. Plasma at the different timepoints during therapy were collected and sequenced with TCR sequencing and ctDNA sequencing. Results: After neoadjuvant therapy, 10 were major pathological responses (MPR) and 2 were non major pathological responses (non-MPR). The analysis of TCR sequencing showed that high diversity along with the increase of dominance of T-cell receptor repertoire were observed after chemotherapy. At baseline, tumor mutational burden (TMB) and tumor neoantigen burden (TNB) were higher in MPR group when compared with non-MPR group. Furthermore, tumor infiltrating CD8+ naïve T cells, Tregs and monocytes were associated with clinical benefit and patients with high ratio of CD8+ naïve T cells and monocytes have better pathological response. Conclusions: In this study, sequential neoadjuvant treatment of dose-limiting chemotherapy combined with sintilimab showed a promising antitumor activity in patients with resectable NSCLC. The changes of genomic, transcriptome and TCR repertoire were comprehensively analyzed and correlated with clinical outcomes. TMB, TNB and TCR repertoire are associated with the clinical benefit. The sequential therapy would also impact the immune microenvironment. These result indicate that sequential neoadjuvant treatment of chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy could be a potential treatment for a defined group of patients with NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy increases tumor immune lymphocytes infiltration in resectable NSCLC; Background: NCIT (neoadjuvant Chemo-immunotherapy treatment) has revolutionized the treatment of resectable NSCLC due to its better MPR (major pathologic response) rate and pCR (pathologic complete response) rate over neoadjuvant chemotherapy or immunotherapy. However, the intrinsic mechanism underlying this treatment remains unclear. In recent years, the immune microenvironment has attracted considerable attention in the field of immunotherapy. In this study, we explored the relationship between tumor immune lymphocytes (TILs), tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS), and response to NCIT in resectable NSCLC and the change in TILs before and after NCIT. Methods: Twenty-five patients with stage IIA-IIIC NSCLC who underwent surgery after NCIT were enrolled in this retrospective study. Multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF) staining and image analysis assays were performed on the samples collected before and after NCIT for each patient. Results: Among the enrolled patients, 10 achieved MPR or pCR which were defined as response group, whereas 15 did not respond well to NCIT which were defined as non-response group. The results of the mIF assays revealed that NCIT was associated with an increase in immune lymphocytes, including CD3+ (tumor, p = 0.23; stroma, p < 0.01), CD4+ (tumor, p = 0.011; stroma, p < 0.001), CD4+Foxp3+ (tumor, p = 0.63; stroma, p < 0.001), CD8+ (tumor, p = 0.00031; stroma, p < 0.001), CD8+PD-1+ (tumor, p = 0.13; stroma, p = 0.022), PD-L1+CD68+ (tumor, p = 0.85; stroma, p = 0.041), and TLS (tertiary lymphoid structures, p = 0.00027). The comparison of TIL between response group and non-response group revealed that CD3, FOXP3+, and CD8+PD-1+ may serve as predictors of the response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first study to explore the relationship between TILs, TLS, and response to NCIT and TIL changes during NCIT in resectable Chinese NSCLC. In resectable NSCLC, the infiltration of immune cells before NCIT was correlated with the pathologic complete response, which enhanced the TILs as a promising predictor for selecting patients who were more likely to benefit from NCIT.
Pathological response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The advantage of combining chemotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients has recently been studied in clinical trial settings. We aim to systematically revise the evidence of efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treatment. Methods: We carried out a systematic search on MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane, and ASCO meetings library. Screening was done to include clinical trials of stage I-IIIA NSCLC patients who underwent any combination of ICIs and chemotherapy. The primary outcomes were major pathological response (MPR) and pathological complete response (pCR), and the secondary outcomes were 24-month overall survival (OS) and safety measured by adverse events (AEs). A metaanalysis was conducted for intention-to-treat MPR and pCR outcomes, in addition to a mixed-effects meta-regression model to investigate the effect of PD-L1 expression, tumor mutational burden (TMB), N stage (AJCC 8th), tumor size and tumor histology on MPR and pCR. PD-L1+ patients were defined to have a tumor proportion score of more or equal to 1%. Results: We included 9 phase II clinical trials and 1 phase III trial, all consisting of 471 patients. Trials administered neoadjuvant chemotherapy agents like carboplatin (N = 6 studies), cisplatin (N = 5), nab-paclitaxel (N = 4), pemetrexed (N = 2), and others, either as a doublet- or a triplet-agent regimen. ICIs used were anti-PD-1 (N = 5), anti-PDL1 (N = 3), or anti-CTLA-4 agents (N = 2). Meta-analysis of 447 patients from 9 trials showed a pooled MPR of 49.2% (95% CI: 34.8 to 63.7%) with high heterogeneity (I2 = 87%, p < 0.01). Pooling the pCR from 10 trials including 471 patients results in an estimate of 27.5% (95% CI: 17.2 to 38.2%) with significant heterogeneity (I2 = 80%, p < 0.01). Meta-regression has found a significant association between being PD-L1+ and achieving MPR (odds ratio = 3.82, 95% CI: 1.55 to 9.58). However, this effect diminished in the multiple meta-regression that included age, tumor histology, in addition to PD-L1 status. None of these factors was correlated to achieving a pCR. Investigating the effect of tumor size, T stage, N stage, or TMB on MPR or pCR was not possible due to underreported data. Three trials of 137 patients reported a 24-month OS of 84.4% (95% CI: 77.6 to 90.2%) with low heterogeneity (I2 = 11%, p = 0.33). The most prevalent grade 3/4 AEs from the neoadjuvant treatment were neutropenia in 7.2% of patients, diarrhea in 3.2%, fatigue in 3.0%, and anemia in 2.1% of patients. The commonest any-grade AEs were fatigue (43.9%), alopecia (38.4%), diarrhea (31.6%), anemia (23.8%) and neutropenia (17.0%). Conclusions: The addition of ICIs to chemotherapy in neoadjuvant settings is an effective and feasible option. Effect of tumor size, PD-L1 status and TMB on MPR and pCR should be further investigated for better selection of treatment candidates.
Single-cell profiling of immune cells associated with response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: The combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) with chemotherapy (chemoimmunotherapy) in the neoadjuvant setting have achieved favorable clinical benefits in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but the underlying molecular mechanism has not been fully elucidated. Methods: To identify factors associated with the clinical outcome, single-cell RNA/TCR sequencing was performed using 10x Genomics on CD45+ immune cells isolated from tumor and multiple immunerelevant tissues and peripheral blood of four treatment-naïve and eight neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treated IIIA NSCLC patients (responders versus non-responders). Bioinformatics analysis was used to screen immune cell factors associated with therapy response in single-cell sequencing profiles, and results were verified at protein level by flow cytometry, multiplex fluorescent immunohistochemistry (mIHC) and ELISA. Results: A total of 186,477 immune cells from 48 samples were acquired after quality-control filtering. The synergistic increase of B cells and CD4+ T cells are associated with positive therapeutic response of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. B cell class switching to IgG1 and IgG3 plays a critical role in anti-tumor immune response in tumor lesion, and this process is driven by increased IL-21 protein secreted by infiltrated T follicular helper (Tfh) cells after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Several critical events lead to the positive clinical outcome during neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, including the diminished activated TNFRSF4+ regulatory T cells (Tregs), increased LAMP3+ dendritic cells (DCs), high pretreatment peripheral blood T-cell diversity, and the expansion of intratumoral CD4+ T clones and peripheral CD8+ T clones. A validation cohort of 26 treatment- naïve and 30 neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy treated IIIA NSCLC patients verified these findings. Conclusions: Single-cell profiling of the immune response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy uncovered several critical factors of anti-tumor immune response and provided insight of potential novel predictive factors and therapeutic targets for improving the efficacy of treatment in NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Five-year outcomes; Background: Neoadjuvant (neoadj) immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) with anti-PD-1 therapy has shown increasing promise for early stage NSCLC, with long-term clinical outcomes still maturing. Our group reported the first phase I/II trial of neoadj nivolumab (nivo) in resectable NSCLC, finding therapy to be safe and feasible. We now present final clinical results from this cohort, representing the longest follow up data for neoadj anti-PD-1 to date. Methods: Two doses of neoadj nivo (3 mg/kg) were given prior to resection in 21 patients (pts) with resectable NSCLC. 5-year (yr) follow-up data, including recurrence- free survival (RFS), overall survival (OS) and association with pathologic response were tabulated. Event time distributions were estimated with the Kaplan-Meier method. All p-values are twosided with 0.05 significance level. Results: At a median follow up of 63 months, 3-, 4- and 5-yr survival rates were 85, 80, and 80% respectively. RFS rates at 3-, 4- and 5-yrs were 65, 60, and 60% respectively. As previously reported, major pathologic response (MPR: ≤10% viable tumor) was 45%, and pathologic complete response (pCR) rate was 10%. The hazard ratio (HR) for pathologic down-staging was in the direction of improved RFS, without meeting statistical significance (HR 0.36, 95% CI 0.07-1.75, p = 0.2). RFS HR estimates for MPR and an alternative pathologic cut-off of less than 50% residual tumor (RT), were 0.61, (95% CI 0.15-2.44, p = 0.48) and 0.36, (95% CI 0.09-1.51, p = 0.16) respectively. The direction of the effect of pre-treatment PD-L1 positivity (≥1%) was to improve RFS (HR 0.36, 95% CI 0.07-1.85, p = 0.22). At 5-yr follow up, 8 of 9 (89%) pts with MPR were alive and no cancer deaths have occurred. Amongst pts with MPR, 1/9 pts had a cancer recurrence in the mediastinum treated successfully with definitive chemoradiotherapy. Both pts with pCR are alive and without recurrence. Patterns of all recurrences in this cohort are summarized in table 1. No long-term immune-related adverse events have occurred other than one G3 dermatologic event. Conclusions: The 5-yr clinical outcomes for neoadj nivo in resectable NSCLC compare favorably to historical trends. MPR trended toward improved RFS, while definitive conclusions are limited by our cohort size and overall low recurrence rate. Thresholds of %RT beyond pCR and MPR in this setting should be explored in larger prospective studies. PD-L1 expression may play a role in predicting longterm response, but larger prospective studies are needed.
Prognostic role of preoperative chemosensitivity in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with preoperative chemotherapy: A study of National Cancer Database (NCDB); Background: Response to preoperative systemic therapy may provide valuable information regarding tumor biology and prognosis. This is increasingly relevant nowadays considering the promising results from preoperative chemoimmunotherapy. This study aims to examine the prognostic role of preoperative chemosensitivity defined by TNM stage change in NSCLC. Methods: Patients with histologically confirmed clinical stage II-III NSCLC who have received preoperative chemotherapy followed by R0 curative surgery were identified in the NCDB between 2006 and 2017. Patients who have developed metastasis at the time of surgery, received any perioperative radiotherapy or single agent chemotherapy, or died within 90 days of surgery, were excluded. Preoperative chemosensitivity is categorized as ypT0N0, downstaged (pTNM < cTNM, excluding ypT0N0), and not downstaged (pTNM ≥ cTNM). Logistic regression was used to evaluate associations between chemosensitivity and demographic, clinical, and pathological factors. Log-rank was used for survival analysis and adjusted by cox regression for age, gender, race, year of diagnosis, academic center, insurance, comorbidity, histology, and clinical stage. Results: A total of 1266 patients were included, of whom 104 (8.2%) had ypT0N0, 575 (45.4%) were downstaged, while 587 (46.4%) were not. Female, diagnosis in recent years, treatment at academic centers, and squamous histology were significantly associated with better chemosensitivity, while clinical TNM stage, age, race, and comorbidity were not. Five-year overall survival rate is 81.2%, 57.7%, and 46.2%, respectively (log-rank p < 0.001). After Cox regression adjustment, compared with not downstaged, ypT0N0 (HR 0.28, 95% CI 0.17 - 0.45) and downstaged (HR 0.61, 95% CI 0.51 - 0.74) were independently associated with improved postoperative survival. Conclusions: Preoperative chemosensitivity defined by TNM stage change before and after chemotherapy may prognosticate NSCLC after curative surgery. It may be a useful clinical tool to identify patients with high risk of treatment failure after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in the future.
Multimodal prediction of response to neoadjuvant nivolumab and chemotherapy for surgically resectable stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer; Background: The NADIM trial (NCT03081689), led by the Spanish Lung Cancer Group, assessed the antitumor activity and safety of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for resectable stage IIIA NSCLC. Patients received neoadjuvant nivolumab and paclitaxel-carboplatin for three cycles before surgical resection, followed by one year of adjuvant nivolumab. At 24 months, progression-free survival (PFS) was 77%, suggesting that neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy represents a promising option in this setting. Pathological complete response (pCR) could potentially be used as an important surrogate endpoint for survival. We present here a re-analysis of the NADIM cohort aiming to develop a machine learning algorithm to predict the pCR status based on multimodal baseline data. Methods: We combined baseline clinical data (e.g., age, smoking status), biological data (e.g., tumor histology, mutations), radiology reports and radiomics analysis of the baseline CT scan in a multimodal analysis. While 46 patients were enrolled in the NADIM trial, only 28 had a complete set of data available for this retrospective study. For each patient, tumors were segmented on the baseline CT-scan in 3D by a Deep Learning algorithm. Radiomics features were extracted following the IBSI standards and combined with the other data modalities. A filter-based variable selection method was applied before training several machine learning algorithms. The optimization criterion was the Area Under the ROC Curve (AUC). Due to the small size of the cohort, a leave-one-out cross-validation approach was used to properly estimate the model performance. For a sub-cohort of 20 patients for which data have been collected longitudinally during the neoadjuvant treatment, an additional Delta-radiomics model was used to predict the pCR status. Results: An XGBoost algorithm with a linear base learner displayed an AUC of 0.69, a precision of 75%, a sensitivity of 83% and a specificity of 50%. Features with highest weight in the algorithm were a mix of radiological, radiomics, biological and clinical features (including the neutrophils to lymphocytes ratio, mutations and histology) highlighting the importance of a truly multimodal analysis. Indeed, withdrawing a specific data modality (e.g., radiomics or biological features), led to a decrease of ∼15% of the AUC. Inclusion of the Delta-radiomics analysis on the data collected longitudinally prior to surgery led to an improved AUC of 0.76 in that patient sub-cohort. Conclusions: This study is, to our knowledge, the first to offer a multimodal analysis of the response to neoadjuvant treatment for surgically resectable stage IIIA NSCLC and is a proof of concept that a machine learning algorithm can be used to predict the pCR in this context. These preliminary results are being confirmed in the ongoing NADIM II trial.
Identifying gut microbial signatures associated with B cells and tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS) in the tumor microenvironment (TME) in response to immune checkpoint blockade (ICB); Background: While ICB has significantly improved clinical outcomes across several cancer types, only 15-20% of patients develop a durable response. Thus, novel and targetable biomarkers are needed. There is increased appreciation of the role of the gut microbiome, and TLS and B-cells in the TME in response to ICB. Here, we investigate the association between these two determinants of response in patient specimens from three randomized phase 2 neoadjuvant ICB trials of nivolumab +/- ipilimumab (melanoma (MEL; NCT02519322; n=23), non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC; NCT03158129; n=31), sarcoma (SARC; NCT02301039; n=17). Methods: Patients were categorized as responders (R) or non-responders (NR) based on major pathologic response, as defined in each histotype (MEL and NSCLC viable tumor ≤10%; SARC hyalinization>30%). Baseline fecal samples were profiled via 16S rRNA gene sequencing from all three cohorts to assess the composition of patient gut microbiomes. Transcriptional profiles of biopsies collected pre-ICB for MEL and SARC, and post-ICB for MEL, SARC, and NSCLC were used to assess TLS (CXCL13, CCL18, CCL19, CCL21) and B-cell (PAX5, CD79B, CR2, MS4A1) signatures in the TME, by calculated mean values of normalized gene expressions. Comparison between samples were carried out using the Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Results: There were 21 R overall (NSCLC n=9; MEL n=9; SARC n=3). Despite significant differences in alpha and beta diversity across cohorts, relative abundance of Ruminococcus was significantly higher in R (p=0.003; NSCLC p<0.001; MEL p=0.049; SARC p=0.7). B-cell signature was significantly higher post-ICB in R (R vs NR, post, TLS p=0.13; B-cell p=0.003), with consistent trends in each cohort. Longitudinal evaluation of transcriptional profiles showed that expression of TLS and B-cell signatures increased with treatment in R (pre vs post, MEL and SARC; TLS p=0.0098; B-cell p<0.001) but not NR (pre vs post; TLS p= 0.87; B-cell p= 0.15), with consistent trends in sarcoma and melanoma subgroups. Combined correlative analysis with matched specimen showed that patients with higher pre-ICB relative abundance of Ruminococcus (above median) had significant increase in B-cell signatures (pre vs post, MEL and SARC; TLS p=0.052; B-cell p=0.002) which was not seen in patients with low abundance (below median) of Ruminococcus (pre vs post, MEL and SARC; TLS p=0.56; B-cell p=0.69). Conclusions: Unifying signatures in the gut microbiome are associated with response to ICB and increased B-cell infiltration and TLS formation in the TME. We expect these findings to energize mechanistic studies and new microbiome-based interventional approaches to improve clinical outcomes with ICB.
Neoadjuvant Toripalimab plus chemotherapy in patients with stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC: A single-center, prospective, single-arm, phase 2 trial (Renaissance Study); Background: Neoadjuvant treatment of a programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) inhibitor plus chemotherapy has been shown to be promising in treating resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The current study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of toripalimab plus double platinumbased chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC. Methods: Study eligibility involved stage IIB-IIIB, wildtype EGFR/ALK NSCLC pts with ECOG PS 0-1 status. Pts received 2-4 cycles of toripalimab (240mg, q3w) plus cisplatin-based chemotherapy. All pts were assessed by imaging/ surgical indication after the second cycle of treatment. Pts who cannot undergo surgery will be reassessed after another 1-2 cycles of neoadjuvant therapy. Primary endpoints were major pathological response (MPR), complete pathological response (pCR). Secondary endpoints were objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate and safety. Results: A total of 52 eligible pts (median age: 62, IQR: 45-76; female: 4, 7.7%) were enrolled and received 2-4 cycles neoadjuvant treatment since Mar 2021. 42 pts had squamous cell carcinoma and 10 pts had non-squamous cell carcinoma. Disease distribution in stage IIB, IIIA and IIIB consisted of 14, 30 and 8 pts, respectively. 15 pts were undergoing preoperative treatment or preparing for surgery, 32 pts underwent resection (median interval between neoadjuvant treatment and surgery: 67 days, IQR 39-113), 5 pts were unsuitable for surgery (1 pt had immune-related pneumonia; 2 pts who had stable disease were considered radical radiotherapy and immunotherapy for maintenance due to the difficulty of surgery induced by tumor location and lymph node metastasis; 2 pts continued toripalimab plus chemotherapy or radiotherapy due to high surgical risk induced by old age and poor performance status). 20 pts (20/32, 62.5%) achieved MPR, including 16 pts (16/32, 50%) with pCR. 6 pts (6/8, 75%), 12 pts (12/18, 66.7%), and 2 pts (2/6, 33.3%) with stage IIB, IIIA and IIIB achieved MPR respectively. R0 resection was achieved for all 32 pts (100%). 23 pts underwent surgery with cN2/N1 at baseline (23/24, 95.8%) achieved nodal downstaging. For pts who finished radiological reassessment (45 pts finished the treatment schedule and only 43 pts finished radiological reassessment), ORR was 83.7% (36/43). Grade 1-2 TRAEs were reported in 33 patients (33/45, 73.3%). Grade 3-4 TRAEs were reported in 6 pts (6/45, 13.3%). Conclusions: Toripalimab plus platinum-based doublet as neoadjuvant treatment yields a high MPR rate, manageable toxicity and feasible surgical resection in stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC.
GALLANT-1: Galectin-3 (Gal-3) inhibitor GB1211 plus atezolizumab (atezo) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)?A randomized, double-blind trial; Background: Gal-3 is a protein that binds specifically to N-acetylglucosamine-expressing carbohydrates, which are upregulated on key tumorigenic cell surface proteins. Gal-3 is widely over-expressed in the tumor microenvironment and is generally linked to poor outcomes. Gal-3 regulates immune cell function of T cells and macrophages, and promotes neovascularization and fibrosis [Peng Cancer Res 2008; Markowska J Biol Chem 2011; Kouo Cancer Immunol Res 2015]. Gal-3 sequesters interferon gamma, reduces T-cell influx, and contributes to tumor cell evasion of the immune system via LAG-3 activation [Chen PNAS 2009; Gordon-Alonso Nat Commun 2017]. Gal-3 has been identified as a marker of resistance to checkpoint inhibitors (CPIs); patients with stage IV NSCLC with high Gal-3 levels (> 70% Gal-3 immunohistochemical staining) have been shown to be resistant to the CPI pembrolizumab [Capalbo Int J Mol Sci 2019]. Animal data indicate synergy between CPI therapy and Gal-3 inhibition [Vuong Cancer Res 2019; Zhang FEBS Open Bio 2021]. Thus, inhibiting Gal-3 together with CPI-based immunotherapy may enhance tumor-specific immune responses, and overcome CPI resistance. Methods: GALLANT-1 (NCT05240131) is a 3-part, placebo-controlled phase Ib/IIa trial that will investigate safety and efficacy of GB1211 (a Gal-3 inhibitor) + atezo vs placebo + atezo in patients with advanced NSCLC. Part A will include 8-12 patients and study safety and tolerability of 200 mg and 400 mg GB1211 twice-daily + atezo (open-label). Primary endpoint is number of adverse events (AEs) after 12 weeks' treatment and will determine the dosage for Part B. Part B will include 75-94 patients, and is a randomized, double-blind study of GB1211 + atezo or placebo + atezo. Primary endpoints are safety (number of AEs) and efficacy (percentage change from baseline in the sum of longest diameter of target lesions after 12 weeks' treatment). Part C is an expansion study including patients from Parts A and B, with safety and efficacy assessments. Eligibility criteria: advanced or metastatic stage IIIB or IV NSCLC adenocarcinoma; measurable disease per RECIST v1.1; expression of programmed death ligand-1 on ≥50% of tumor cells; eligible for 1200 mg atezo every 3 weeks. Exclusion criteria: symptomatic, untreated, or actively progressing central nervous system metastases; prior systemic chemotherapy for treatment of recurrent advanced or metastatic disease, except if part of neoadjuvant/ adjuvant therapy; prior treatment with immune CPIs and/or GB1211; presence of EGFR mutation and ALK, ROS1, and RET alterations; treatment with antineoplastic or systemic immunotherapeutic agents prior to first GB1211 dose; severe infectious disease < 4 weeks prior to first GB1211 dose; active hepatitis B or C, HIV, or COVID-19. The study is being initiated; updated enrollment status will be presented at the meeting.
LCMC LEADER neoadjuvant screening trial: LCMC4 evaluation of actionable drivers in early-stage lung cancers; Background: Comprehensive genomic profiling (CGP) has transformed the care of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), giving many patients access to precision targeted treatment and immunotherapy with remarkable improvements in outcomes. Studies show that patients with lung cancers with oncogenic drivers are the least likely group to benefit from checkpoint inhibitors and are better served by enrollment in studies of targeted therapies. Early-stage NSCLC is now poised to benefit from these precision approaches with the regulatory approval of the first tyrosine kinase inhibitors and checkpoint inhibitors for the adjuvant treatment of resected NSCLC, each requiring testing for precision biomarkers. Neoadjuvant precision therapy for NSCLC has the potential to further improve treatment outcomes. Methods: The LCMC4 Evaluation of Actionable Drivers in EaRly Stage Lung Cancer (LEADER) Neoadjuvant Screening Trial (NCT04712877) is a collaborative diagnostic study developed by the Lung Cancer Mutation Consortium (LCMC), supported by the Thoracic Surgery Oncology Group and the Lung Cancer Research Foundation. The primary objective is to determine the proportion of patients with stage IA2-III lung cancers who possess actionable oncogenic drivers, defined as 1 of 11 actionable genomic alterations: mutations in EGFR, BRAFV600E, MET exon 14, KRAS G12C, and HER2, rearrangements in ALK, RET, NTRK, and ROS1, and amplification of MET and HER2. The study will also assess the feasibility of CGP to detect actionable oncogenic drivers in patients with suspected early-stage lung cancers scheduled to undergo biopsies to establish the diagnosis of lung cancer. The protocol will enroll 1000 patients with operable stage IA2-III (TNM 8th edition) lung cancer who will undergo CGP utilizing the Foundation Medicine 324 gene assay as well as paired liquid biopsy analysis. Results will enable selection of neoadjuvant therapy and enrollment onto independent therapeutic trials with genomically matched neoadjuvant treatment, standard therapies, or other trials if no driver is detected. The approach will be considered feasible if >35% of non-squamous NSCLCs have 1 of the 11 actionable alterations. Tumor mutational burden and PD-L1 IHC will be assessed. Plasma specimens collected pre- and post neoadjuvant treatment and post-surgery will be used for research to study the ability of circulating tumor DNA to assess neoadjuvant treatment response and minimal residual disease. 26 academic sites in the US plan to enroll patients.
Association of 27-gene IO score with outcome in a phase Ib trial of pembrolizumab (pembro) plus chemotherapy (CT) in metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (mTNBC).; Background: The IO score is a is a 27-gene signature developed to classify the tumor immune microenvironment derived from the 101-gene TNBCtype genomic classifications. The IO score predicts clinical outcome following immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy in NSCLC and bladder cancer, and recently was shown to predict benefit by pCR of atezolizumab plus CT over neoadjuvant CT alone in early stage TNBC (NeoTRIPaPDL1 trial). The IO score has not yet been evaluated in mTNBC or with pembro in breast cancer. Methods: We report preliminary associations of IO score with response from a phase Ib trial (NCT02734290). mTNBC subjects received 1st/2nd line pembro (200mg IV q3wk) plus investigator's choice paclitaxel (80mg/m2 IV q1wk, n = 15) or capecitabine (2000mg PO BID x 7d, q2wk, n = 14). Baseline (n = 23) and on-treatment (at wk 6, n = 10) biopsies were analyzed for IO score and genomic subtype by RNA exome sequencing. Objective response rate (ORR, partial or complete response, 12 weeks) and survival was determined among response-evaluable subjects (n= 21). Tumor PD-L1 was assessed by IHC (combined positive score, CPS > 10%). The IO signature was analyzed as a binary classifier (IO+/IO-) and as a continuous variable (IO score). Results: 39% of evaluable subjects were IO+ (n =9/23). IO+ was associated with improved clinical outcome, including ORR (IO+ 43%, IO- 29%), median progression free survival (mPFS, IO+ 138d, IO- 79d), and median overall survival (mOS, IO+ 687d, IO- 305d). IO+/IO- classification and IO scores were stable across serial biopsies (Cohen's kappa = 0.74, r = 0.84). IO score was not strongly correlated with PD-L1 CPS (r = 0.27) or sTILs (r =.09). PD-L1-/IO+ tumors constituted 31% (n = 5/16) of PD-L1- cases and exhibited favorable outcome (ORR 40%, mPFS 162d, mOS 556d). IO score and ORR varied across TNBCtype classifications (BL1 subtype: 50% ORR, 66% IO+; BL2 subtype: 0% ORR, 66% IO+; LAR subtype: 50% ORR, 0% IO+, MSL subtype: 33% ORR, 60% IO+). Conclusions: IO score is associated with favorable outcome following pembro + CT, and may identify PD-L1-negative cases that respond to pembro + CT. Further investigation in larger datasets is warranted to ascertain the clinical utility of IO score in this setting. Funding: Drug support and funding provided by Merck Sharpe & Dohme as part of the Merck Investigator Studies Program.
Shift of tumor-infiltrating immune cells after adding immune checkpoint inhibitors to neoadjuvant chemotherapy against NSCLC; Background: Immunotherapy, represented by immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), has revolutionized the treatment strategies in multiple cancer types, including NSCLC. Anti-PD1 combined with chemotherapy was superior to chemotherapy alone, but the fundamental mechanisms underlying their synergic effect remain incompletely understood. Here, we investigated the different effects induced by neoadjuvant pembrolizumab combined with chemotherapy (NAPC) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) on tumor immune microenvironment in patients with NSCLC. Methods: We performed singlecell RNA-sequencing (scRNA-seq) to characterize the immune cells composition in seven patients with NSCLC received NAPC or NAC and validated these findings in a large population cohort (n = 58) utilized multiplex fluorescent immunohistochemistry (mIHC). Results: The results of scRNA-seq revealed that patients with NSCLC received NAPC or NAC displayed distinct immune cell composition, with myeloid cells being the predominant cells in NAC patients, whereas T cells, B cells and NK cells were more abundant in NAPC patients. Consistent with these results, mIHC confirmed that compared to NAC, NAPC was associated with increased infiltration of CD8+ T cells, CD8+KLRG1+ effector cells, CD8+CD127+ memory cells, CD4+CD127+ memory cells, CD20+ B cells, accompanied by reduced CD66b+ neutrophils but had no effect on other immune subsets examined, including CD68+ macrophage, CD68+CD163+ M2 and mast cells. Survival analysis showed that, for both NAPC and NAC patients, CD8+ T cells, CD8+KLRG1+ effector cells, CD8+CD127+ memory cells were associated with favorable overall survival (OS), while CD66b+ neutrophils was related to inferior OS. Moreover, CD20+ B cells appear to have a more pronounced effect than CD8+ T cells on the efficacy of NAPC, but not for NAC. Conclusions: Compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the addition of pembrolizumab induced a shift in tumor-infiltrating immune cells toward enhanced antitumor immunity and reduced immunosuppressive cells. In additional, post-treatment tumor-infiltrating immune cells were able to provide prognostic value.
Datopotamab deruxtecan (Dato-DXd) plus pembrolizumab in treatment-naive advanced/metastatic (adv/met) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with PD-L1 ≥ 50% and without actionable genomic alterations; Background: First-line treatment with immunotherapy has significantly improved survival in patients with adv/met NSCLC. Pembrolizumab (pembro) as monotherapy has shown superior efficacy compared with chemotherapy in treatment-naive patients with advanced NSCLC and PD-L1 expression ≥50%, but most patients will ultimately experience progression. Dato-DXd is an antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) consisting of a humanized anti-TROP2 IgG1 monoclonal antibody attached to a topoisomerase I inhibitor payload via a stable tetrapeptide-based cleavable linker. In the ongoing phase 1 TROPIONPanTumor01 study (NCT03401385; DS1062-A-J101), Dato-DXd 6 mg/kg monotherapy demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) of 28% and a manageable safety profile in pretreated patients with NSCLC. In addition, preclinical studies showed that DXd ADCs combined with an anti-PD-1 antibody was more effective than monotherapy with either agent alone. The tolerability of Dato-DXd 6 mg/ kg in combination with pembrolizumab was confirmed in the phase 1b TROPION-Lung02 trial (NCT04526691; DS1062-A-U102). Here we describe the phase 3 TROPION-Lung08 trial evaluating Dato-DXd combined with pembro in treatment-naive patients with adv/met NSCLC. Methods: TROPION- Lung08 (NCT05215340; DS1062-A-U304) is a global, randomized, open-label, phase 3 trial of Dato-DXd plus pembro vs pembro alone in treatment-naive patients with adv/met non-actionable oncogenic driven NSCLC with PD-L1 ≥50% (as determined by PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx assay). Approximately 740 patients will be randomized to receive pembro 200 mg plus Dato-DXd 6 mg/kg or pembro 200 mg alone every 21 days until discontinuation or 35 cycles of pembro. Randomization will be stratified by Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status (0 vs 1), histology (squamous vs nonsquamous), geographic region (East Asia vs rest of world), and smoking status (former/current vs never). Patients must have stage IIIB/IIIC NSCLC ineligible for curative treatment or stage IV disease. Patients must not have received prior systemic therapy; if patients received neoadjuvant/adjuvant systemic therapy without immune checkpoint inhibitors, it must have been given ≥6 months before the diagnosis of adv/met disease. The primary endpoints are progression-free survival (assessed by blinded independent central review per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] version 1.1) and overall survival, with target hazard ratios of 0.65 and 0.75, respectively. Secondary endpoints include ORR, duration of response, time to response, disease control rate, safety, and antidrug antibody prevalence. Pharmacokinetic parameters, biomarkers, and patient-reported outcomes will also be explored.
The current management and biomarkers of immunotherapy in advanced gastric cancer; Background:Gastric carcinoma (GC) is the fourth most common cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Most patients are diagnosed at later stage, because of few treatment options, the prognosis is poor. In recent years, however, Immune checkpoint inhibitors(ICIs), such as anti-programmed death-1 (PD-1), anti-PD-L1, and anti-cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen 4, have emerged as promising therapeutic agents in GC. Here, we summary the current treatment and advances of immune checkpoint inhibitors in the advanced stage of GC.Methods:WANFANG MED ONLINE, CNKI, NCBI PUBMED and clinicaltrials.gov were used to search literature spanning from 2000 to 2021, and all literatures about "advanced gastric or gastro-oesophageal junction cancer, Immune checkpoint inhibitors, PD-1, PD-L1, Cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen 4, immune therapy" with detailed data were included.Results:Nivolumab and pembrolizumab have been recommended for the third line or subsequent therapy in advanced GC. Nivolumab plus chemotherapy has been recommended for the first line treatment in advanced GC in China. Many other ICIs have been demonstrating encouraging efficacy. PD-L1, MSI-H, Epstein Barr virus, and tumor mutational burden (TMB) status maybe potential biomarkers for response to clinical outcomes for ICIs in GC.Conclusion:ICIs have shown encouraging treatment efficacy and manageable safety profile in GC. Some biomarkers including PD-L1, MSI-H, EBV, and TMB status could evaluate the efficacy of ICIs in GC.
Design and Rationale for a Phase III, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Neoadjuvant Durvalumab+Chemotherapy Followed by Adjuvant Durvalumab for the Treatment of Patients With Resectable Stages II and III non-small-cell Lung Cancer: The AEGEAN Trial; For patients with resectable, early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), surgery is the primary treatment; however, 5-year survival rates remain poor. Postoperative adjuvant platinum-doublet chemotherapy is associated with a statistically significant but modest improvement in survival of ∼5% at 5 years and is widely accepted as standard of care in patients with resectable, Stage II-III NSCLC. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy has been associated with similar improvements in overall survival to adjuvant therapy in this setting. Durvalumab, a high-affinity PD-L1 inhibitor, has become the standard of care for patients with unresectable, Stage III NSCLC following chemoradiotherapy based on improved progression-free and overall survival in the phase III PACIFIC trial. AEGEAN is a phase III, double-blind, placebo-controlled, international study that will assess pathological and clinical outcomes of durvalumab plus chemotherapy prior to surgery, followed by durvalumab monotherapy after surgery in adults with resectable, Stage II-III NSCLC. Approximately 800 patients will be randomized (1:1) to receive durvalumab or placebo every 3 weeks (q3w) alongside platinum-based chemotherapy (≤4 cycles) prior to surgery, followed by durvalumab or placebo monotherapy q4w, for an additional 12 cycles post surgery, stratified by disease stage (IASLC 8th Edition, Stage II vs. Stage III) and PD-L1 tumor cell expression levels (<1% vs. ≥1%). Primary endpoints include pathological complete response and event-free survival for patients with wild-type EGFR and ALK. Key secondary efficacy endpoints include major pathologic response, disease-free survival and overall survival.
Nivolumab versus pembrolizumab in previously-treated advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients: A propensity-matched real-world analysis; Objective: Nivolumab and pembrolizumab have been the standard of care in patients with previously treated advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of nivolumab and pembrolizumab. Materials and methods: We retrospectively reviewed data of advanced NSCLC patients with PD-L1 (Programmed death-ligand 1) [clone:22C3] positive tumors (Tumor proportion score [TPS] ≥ 1%) who had been treated with nivolumab or pembrolizumab as second- or subsequent line from 2015 to 2021. Propensity score matching was performed to reduce potential selection bias. We analyzed the clinical outcomes including objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), and immune-related adverse events (irAEs). Results: Among a total of 202 eligible patients, 72 pairs of patients from each group were identified after propensity score matching. There were no significant differences in ORR, PFS, and OS between the two agents (nivolumab vs. pembrolizumab: ORR, 23.6% vs. 20.8%, median PFS, 3.7 months vs. 4.6 months, hazard ratio [HR] 1.02; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.71 to 1.46; p = 0.92, and median OS, 27.4 months vs. 19.6 months, HR 0.78; 95% CI, 0.51 to 1.20; p = 0.24). Additionally, PFS was similar between the treatments in the PD-L1 TPS ≥ 50% subgroup (median PFS, 3.7 months vs. 4.6 months, HR 0.94; 95% CI, 0.56 to 1.59; p = 0.82) and PD-L1 TPS 1–49% subgroup (median PFS, 3.7 months vs.4.6 months, HR 1.13; 95% CI, 0.69 to 1.85; p = 0.61). There was also no significant difference in the frequency of grade ≥ 3 irAEs (9.7% vs. 11.1%; p = 1.0). Conclusion: There is no significant difference in the efficacy and safety between nivolumab and pembrolizumab in advanced NSCLC patients with PD-L1-positive tumors in the subsequent line setting.
Is Surgery Worthwhile in Locally-advanced NSCLC Patients with Persistent N2-disease After Neoadjuvant Therapy?; Aims: To explore the long-term survival in lung cancer patients with persistent mediastinal lymph nodal disease after neoadjuvant followed by surgical resection and to analyse prognostic factors in this specific subset of patients Background: Surgery in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with N2-disease after neoad-juvant therapy (NAD) has been debated and has been even more questioned with the advent of im-munotherapy. Objective: Describe long-term results of a multimodal approach in locally-advanced NSCLC patients with persistence of N2-disease and identify prognostic factors to target the strategy of care. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed data of 121 consecutive Stage IIIA-N2 NSCLC patients who underwent NAD (chemoradiotherapy or chemotherapy) from 01/00 to 12/19, focusing our analysis on 37 patients with persistent N2s status after surgery. Kaplan-Meier and Cox regression analysis explored the associations between mortality and potential risk factors. Results: The 5-year survival was 29.8%. Cox regression analysis suggested that young age (HR=0.98, C.I.95%: 0.97-1.00; p=0.062), male sex (HR=3.8,C.I.95%:1.06-13.73;p=0.04), and adjuvant therapy (HR=6.81,C.I.95%:0.96-53.94;p=0.06) influenced long-term outcomes in these patients. Conclusion: We herein observed suboptimal long-term results in this NSCLC patient subset, and, considering emerging results adopting immunotherapy following chemoradiotherapy, surgery should be carefully considered in very selected cases (young and clinically fit patients) and combined with adjuvant therapy after surgery.
Stereotactic Ablative Radiotherapy In Locally-Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Phase Ii Trial; Purpose or Objective To assess local control (LC) and safety of stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) in unresectable locally advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) patients enrolled in a phase II trial. Materials and Methods All patients were unfit for concurrent chemo-radiotherapy (ChT-cRT). Neoadjuvant ChT was prescribed only in fit patients. The tumor volume included primary tumor (T) and CT-PET positive node/s (N). A simultaneous integrated boost (SIB) was optimized to differentiate the dose for primary tumor (T) and lymph-node/s (N). Results 73 LA-NSCLC patients were recruited. The median age was 73 years (range,45-89) and 51 (70%) were male. Histology was adenocarcinoma (ADK) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in 56% and 44%, respectively. The stage was IIB, IIA, IIIB and oligometastatic IV in 12 (16%), 34 (47%), 18 (25%) and 9 (12%), respectively. 60 (82%) had ultra-central tumor with PTV overlapping the major airways. 43 (59%) received neoadjuvant ChT and 10 (14%) adjuvant Durvalumab. In 35 (48%) cases T and N were separately treated using SIB technique to administer a higher dose to T. Median prescribed dose was 45 Gy (range, 35-55) and 40 Gy (35-45) in 5 fractions to T and N, respectively. During a median follow-up of 20 months (range, 4- 71), 20 (20%) patients had experienced local recurrence (LR) at a median time of 16 months (range, 4-30) and 24 had thoracic nodal-recurrence at a median time of 16 months (range, 4-28). 25 (34%) developed distant metastases 13 months after SABR (range, 4-26). At last follow-up, 57 (78%) patients were alive, 27 (37%) without radiological evidence of disease. No patients developed ≥ G3 acute and late toxicities. The treatment compliance was 100%. Conclusion
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy followed by surgery with curative intent in 35 patients with advanced NSCLC: the retrospective experiences of a multidisciplinary team; Background: In recent years, neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy has been used to treat locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, no data are available to guide the selection of patients suitable for radical resection. In this paper, we report a clinical mode based on a multidisciplinary team (MDT). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of patients with advanced NSCLC who were treated in our center between 26 December, 2019 and 1 October, 2021. These cases received an MDT assessment first. Eligible patients then received chemotherapy combined with personalized neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Adverse events were recorded. Chest computed tomography (CT) was performed every other cycle for tumor assessment. Radical resection was subsequently performed for potentially resectable tumors. Intraoperative conditions and surgical complications were recorded. The resected specimens were evaluated to determine the response to neoadjuvant therapy. Results: The MDT team selected a total of 35 patients (squamous cell carcinoma: n=26, adenocarcinoma: n=8, adenosquamous carcinoma: n=1) for radical resection following neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy. According to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) findings, 1 patient had complete remission, 27 had partial remission, 6 had progressive disease, and 1 had stable disease. All participants underwent radical resection, including video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery [VATS; 32 (91.4%)], sleeve resection [7 (20.0%)], and multilobar resection [7 (20.0%)]. A total of 17 patients (48.6%) achieved complete pathological remission, and 10 (28.6%) achieved major pathological remission. After surgery, the pathological grade was reduced in 33 patients (94.2%); the RECIST findings were unrelated to postoperative pathological remission (P=0.15). Conclusions: The MDT mode helps to select suitable patients for radical resection and results in satisfactory pathological remission.
The effect of neoadjuvant therapy on PD-L1 expression and CD8 lymphocyte density in non-small cell lung cancer; PD-L1 expression is the routine clinical biomarker for the selection of patients to receive immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the application and best timing of immunotherapy in the resectable setting is still under investigation. We aimed to study the effect of chemotherapy on PD-L1 expression and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), which is to date still poorly understood. This retrospective, single-centre study cohort comprised 96 consecutive patients with NSCLC resected in 2000-2016 after neoadjuvant therapy, including paired chemo-naïve specimens in 57 cases. A biologically matched control cohort of 114 primary resected cases was included. PD-L1 expression, CD8+ TIL density and tertiary lymphoid structures were assessed on whole slides and correlated with clinico-pathological characteristics and survival. Seven/57 and 12/57 cases had lower respectively higher PD-L1 expressions after neoadjuvant therapy. Most cases (n = 38) had no changes in PD-L1 expression and the majority of these showed PD-L1 < 1% in both samples (23/38 [60.5%]). CD8+ TILs density was significantly higher after chemotherapy (p = 0.031) in paired resections. Neoadjuvant cases showed no difference in PD-L1 expression or CD8+ TILs density compared to the chemotherapy naïve control cohort. In univariable analyses, higher CD8+ TILs density, higher numbers of tertiary lymphoid structures but not PD-L1 expression were significantly associated with better survival. Increased PD-L1 expression after neoadjuvant chemotherapy was visually associated with worse 5-year survival, lacking statistical significance probably due to the low number of cases.
91P Preexisting tumor host immunity delineates clinical outcomes in resectable non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant and adjuvant immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) have recently shown promising results in resectable NSCLC. Yet, biomarkers that inform patient benefit with this approach remain largely unknown. Here, we interrogated the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) in early-stage NSCLC patients that underwent up-front surgery. Methods: A total of 188 treatment-naïve early-stage NSCLC patients, that underwent curative surgical treatment between 2006 and 2018 at Hospital del Mar, Barcelona, Spain, were included. None of the patients received adjuvant immunotherapy. Core biopsies from surgical specimens were included in a tissue microarray. Immunohistochemistry of PD-L1, CD3, CD4, CD8, CD68, CD103 and FOXP3 were evaluated by digital image analysis (QuPath software). TIME was categorized into four groups using PD-L1 expression in tumor cells (<1% or ≥1%) and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) based on intratumoral CD3 percentage (cut-off calculated using Youden’s index – 26.32%): 1) PD-L1-/TILs -, 2) PD-L1-/TILs+, 3) PD-L1+/TILs-, 4) PD-L1+/TILs+. TIME patterns and immune markers were statistically compared based on clinicopathological and molecular features and survival outcomes. Results: PD-L1-/TILs+ tumors showed a reduced risk of relapse compared to PD-L1+/TILs+ (p=0.0471). Analysis of immune subpopulations within these tumors showed an increase of CD8+ (cytotoxic T) on both subgroups with a higher proportion in the PD-L1+/TILs+ (p<0.0001). However, FOXP3+ (regulatory T) cells were also higher in PD-L1+/TILs+ (p<0.0001). Thus, conferring an overall increase of CD8/FOXP3 ratio in PD-L1-/TILs+ tumors (p=0.0109). Of note, the CD103+ cells (tissue resident memory) were increased in the PD-L1+/TILs+ category (p<0.0001). PD-L1+/TILs- tumors showed comparable survival with PD-L1+/TILs+ tumors, together with an increase of CD68+ cells (p=0.0055). Conclusions: T cell subpopulations (CD103+, CD8/FOXP3 ratio) exhibited by PD-L1+/TILs+ tumors suggest the potential role of ICB to revert the TIME towards a favorable immune context and thus, improve survival outcomes. TIME patterns can be used as a tool for tailoring adjuvant strategies. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: ISCIII. Disclosure: A. Taus: Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Invited Speaker: Roche. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
90P Disease-free survival (DFS) as a predictor of overall survival (OS) in completely resected early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Evidence based on clinical trials has shown a very good correlation between DFS and OS in completely resected NSCLC patients (pts) with adjuvant therapy. This study assessed the relationship between DFS and OS in real-world pts and disease burden associated with recurrence. Methods: This retrospective study used data from the ConcertAI Patient360™ database, primarily drawn from United States community oncology practices. DFS was defined as time from complete resection to earliest of first recurrence (locoregional or distant recurrence based on provider notes or new diagnosis of other primary cancer) or death. OS from recurrence in pts with recurrence was compared with OS from a comparable time point in pts without recurrence using Kaplan-Meier analyses and Cox models. OS after landmark points was also compared between pts with and without recurrence by the landmark point. Monthly healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) was compared between the two cohorts using generalized linear models. Results: The study included 441 pts with completely resected stage IB-IIIA NSCLC (stage IB: 35%, stage II: 42%; stage IIIA: 24%). Median age at initial diagnosis was 67 years. Similar baseline characteristics were observed for the two cohorts (240 pts with recurrence and 201 without). Pts with recurrence had significantly shorter OS compared to those without (median 31.4 vs. 75.6 months; hazard ratio [HR], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.46, 1.81-3.34), and a strong association of recurrence with shorter OS was present even at time points 5 years or later after resection (Table). Pts with recurrence had more monthly follow-up office visits (Incidence Rate Ratio [IRR]=2.21) and hospitalizations (IRR=3.62) (All p<0.0001). [Formula presented] Conclusions: Based on data from an era preceding peri-operative targeted therapy or immunotherapy, recurrence post complete resection is associated with worse survival outcomes and higher HCRU, even many years out from surgery. Legal entity responsible for the study: ConcertAI. Funding: Merck & Co., Inc. Disclosure: H. West: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Eli Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Genentech/Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Genentech/Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck & Co., Inc.; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Merck & Co., Inc.; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Mirati; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Regeneron. X. Hu: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: MSD, Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA. T. Burke: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: MSD, Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA. M.S. Walker: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Merck & Co., Inc.; Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: ConcertAI. Y. Wang: Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: Merck & Co., Inc.; Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: ConcertAI. A. Samkari: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: MSD, Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA.
Prognostic value of new grading system in resected lung adenocarcinoma after neoadjuvant therapy; Background: A new grading system for resected invasive pulmonary adenocarcinoma was proposed by the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer (IASLC) pathology committee and validated as a strong prognostic indicator. Nonetheless, the efficacy of pathological evaluation of residual adenocarcinoma proportion using this grading system in prognosis assessment of patients treated with neoadjuvant therapy still needs elucidating. Methods: A single-center retrospective study enrolling patients with resected adenocarcinoma receiving neoadjuvant therapy from August 2012 to December 2020 in Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital was conducted. Patients with pathologically proven invasive mucinous adenocarcinoma, receiving immunotherapy or adjuvant radiotherapy, or achieving pathologic complete response (pCR) were excluded. All the surgical specimens were re-evaluated and graded according to the IASLC system for invasive adenocarcinoma. The prognostic value of the new grading system was further validated through Cox proportional hazard models and Kaplan-Meier estimates. Results: A total of 198 patients were enrolled, and were subdivided into 3 cohorts according to the new grading system. There were 13, 37 and 148 patients belonging to grade 1, 2 and 3, respectively. New grading system was evaluated significant (p < 0.001) in univariable Cox analysis of RFS in the entire cohort along with neoadjuvant and adjuvant regimens, STAS presence, ypN stage and MPR status, while only new grading system (p = 0.001) and ypN stage (p = 0.005) were significant prognostic indicator in multivariable analysis. New grading system was further demonstrated significant (p = 0.002) in multivariable Cox analysis of the entire cohort regarding OS. Similar results were also obtained in the non-MPR cohort, where new grading system was evaluated significant in both univariable (p < 0.001) and multivariable analysis of RFS (p = 0.024). Nonetheless, such system was only significant in univariable analysis of OS concerning non-MPR cohort (p = 0.001). Conclusions: The efficacy of pathological evaluation of the residual proportion of lung adenocarcinoma post neoadjuvant therapy using novel grading system was preliminarily verified feasible. Such grading system might assist prognostic evaluation of neoadjuvant cohort other than traditional pathological parameters. Legal entity responsible for the study: Prof. Chang Chen. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
157MO Immune gene signatures for predicting pathological response of NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (CI) for NSCLC is a promising strategy that yields high rates of complete pathological responses (CPR) that are associated with long-term survival. We analyzed the tumor microenvironment by using gene expression profiling in patients from NADIM trial to identify biomarkers predicting CPR. Methods: RNAs extracted from whole sections of pre-treatment tumors of 14 patients enrolled in NADIM trial (NCT03081689) were sequenced using the Oncomine® Immune Response Research Assay panel. Differential-expressed genes between groups and pathway enrichment analysis were assessed using DESeq2 and Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA). CIBERSORTx was used to estimate the proportions of immune cells subtypes. Results were correlated with pathological response groups: complete (CPR, n=9) and non-complete (non-CPR, n=5) responders. Results: Up to 25 genes were identified as differentially expressed between CPR and non-CPR patients. Among them, 17 were upregulated in CPR compared to non-CPR: involved in type II interferon signalling (FASLG, CXCL13, CXCL10, CXCL9 and IFNG), NK cell markers (NCR1, KIR2DL3, GNLY) or lymphocyte enrichment (NKG7, GZMB) depicting a pro-inflammatory phenotype in pre-treatment tumour samples of CPR patients. Similarly, GSEA analysis revealed in CPR patients an up-regulation of pathways related to TCR co-expression, lymphocyte infiltrate, type II interferon signalling and antigen processing, as well as a downregulation of pathways related to tumour markers, proliferation or PD-1 signalling. Finally, CPR patients had a higher proportion of follicular helper T cells, activated NK cells, M1 macrophages, resting dendritic cells and absolute score of immune cells than non-CPR patients, being the proportion of M1 macrophages significantly different (p=0.002). The AUC ROC for response prediction based on IFNG, GZMB expression or M1 macrophages proportion was 1.000 (p=0.0027), 0.911 (p=0.0136) and 0.9778 (p=0.004), respectively. Conclusions: In our study, a pro-inflammatory profile measured in the pre-treatment tissue by RNA-sequencing is associated with CPR following neoadjuvant CI in patients with stage IIIA NSCLC. Clinical trial identification: NCT03081689. Legal entity responsible for the study: Fundacion GECP. Funding: Bristol Myers Squibb, Thermofisher provided reagents for RNA-seq. Spanish Lung Cancer Group promoted the NADIM study. ‘‘Instituto de Salud Carlos III’’ (ISCIII), European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), Ministry of Science and Innovation, European Social Fund (ESF) and Comunidad de Madrid supported authors’ contracts. Disclosure: M. Provencio Pulla: Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Bristol Myers Squibb; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Roche; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bristol Myers Squibb; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Takeda. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Evolution of the management of stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A single-center real-world scenario over 10 years; Background: The treatment algorithm of stage III NSCLC involves a multimodality approach including surgery (S) or definitive chemo-radiotherapy (CRT). In 2018, the PACIFIC trial established consolidation durvalumab (D) as standard of care after concurrent CRT (cCRT) in PD-L1 >=1% patients (pts). Aim of this study is to evaluate treatment evolution after 2018 and estimate outcomes in different treatment cohorts. Methods: We retrospectively collected data of consecutive stage III NSCLC pts, who referred to Veneto Institute of Oncology from 2012 to 2021. Relapse-free survival (RFS) was calculated as the time between diagnosis and relapse or death; overall survival (OS) as the time between diagnosis and death. Results: The study population included 232 pts: 174 (75%) received surgical multimodality treatment, 58 (25%) underwent CRT followed or not by D; among them, 31 (53.4%) received cCRT. Before 2018, pts receiving neoadjuvant therapy (NT) among all treatments accounted for 50%, after 2018 the percentage dropped to 32%; pts undergoing CRT increased from 15% to 38%, and those undergoing cCRT grew from 20% to 71%. At data cut-off (September 2021) the median follow-up was 26 months (mo). Median RFS (mRFS) was 18.7 mo (95% CI: 15.97–21.42) and median OS (mOS) was 39.9 mo (95% CI:29.47-50.33). The 2- and 5-year survival rates were 68% and 34.7%, respectively. A significant independent association was found between OS and presence of driver mutations, consolidation D, objective response to CRT. After 2018, a significant difference in mRFS (p 0.028) and mOS (p 0.001) was observed between pts undergoing S or CRT followed by D and those treated with CRT alone; in stage IIIB-C a longer mOS was observed with cCRT plus D vs NT (p 0.042). Unresectable stage III pts receiving consolidation D had a significant improvement in mRFS (HR 0.29, p 0.007) and mOS (HR 0.16, p 0.003) as compared to pts receiving CRT alone. Worse mRFS (HR 8.10, p <0.001) and mOS (HR 6.90, p <0.001) were observed in pts undergoing sequential CRT vs pts receiving cCRT. Conclusions: Our study shows that the choice of radical treatment impacts on outcome, suggesting the importance of appropriate staging at diagnosis and of a multidisciplinary approach in the decision-making process of stage III NSCLC. Legal entity responsible for the study: University of Padua. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Long-term outcomes of operable stage III NSCLC in the pre-immunotherapy era: results from a pooled analysis of the SAKK 16/96, SAKK 16/00, SAKK 16/01, and SAKK 16/08 trials; Background: Chemoradiotherapy with durvalumab consolidation has yielded excellent results in stage III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Therefore, it is essential to identify patients who might benefit from a surgical approach. Material and methods: Data from 437 patients with operable stage III NSCLC enrolled in four consecutive Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK) trials (16/96, 16/00, 16/01, 16/08) were pooled and outcomes were analyzed in 431 eligible patients. All patients were treated with three cycles of induction chemotherapy (cisplatin/docetaxel), followed in some patients by neoadjuvant radiotherapy (44 Gy, 22 fractions) (16/00, 16/01, 16/08) and cetuximab (16/08). Results: With a median follow-up time of 9.3 years (range 8.5-10.3 years), 5- and 10-year overall survival (OS) rates were 37% and 25%, respectively. Overall, 342 patients (79%) underwent tumor resection, with a complete resection (R0) rate of 80%. Patients (n = 272, 63%) with R0 had significantly longer OS compared to patients who had surgery but incomplete resection (64.8 versus 19.2 months, P < 0.001). OS for patients who achieved pathological complete remission (pCR) (n = 66, 15%) was significantly better compared to resected patients without pCR (86.5 versus 37.0 months, P = 0.003). For patients with pCR, the 5- and 10-year event-free survival and OS rates were 45.7% [95% confidence interval (CI) 32.8% to 57.7%] and 28.1% (95% CI 15.2% to 42.6%), and 58.2% (95% CI 45.2% to 69.2%) and 45.0% (95% CI 31.5% to 57.6%), respectively. Conclusion: We report favorable long-term outcomes in patients with operable stage III NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with cisplatin and docetaxel ± neoadjuvant sequential radiotherapy from four prospective SAKK trials. Almost two-third of the patients underwent complete resection after neoadjuvant therapy. We confirm R0 resection and pCR as important predictors of outcome.
Homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) can predict the therapeutic outcomes of immuno-neoadjuvant therapy in NSCLC patients; Background: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy is emerging as novel effective intervention in lung cancer but the study to prioritize effective surrogates indicating its therapeutic outcomes is limited. We investigated the genetic changes between patients with distinct response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) for the derive of biomarkers with indicative capability in predicting outcomes. Methods: In this study, 3 adenocarcinoma and 11 squamous cell carcinoma NSCLC patients were treated by neoadjuvant immunotherapy with variated regimen followed by surgical resection. Pre-therapy FFPE or fresh tissues and blood samples were analyzed by whole-exome sequencing (WES). Genetic alternation comparisons were conducted between differently-responded patients. Multiple public cohorts were selected for validation. Results: DNA damage repair (DDR)-related InDel signatures and DDR-related gene mutations were enriched in better-responded patients, i.e. major pathological response (MPR) group. Besides, MPR patients exhibited provoked genome instability and unique homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) events. By further inspecting alternation status of homology-dependent recombination (HR) pathway genes, the clonal alternations were exclusively enriched in MPR group. Additionally, associations between HR gene alternations, percent of viable tumor cells and HRD event were identified, which orchestrated tumor mutational burden (TMB), mutational intratumor heterogeneity (ITH), somatic copy number alteration (SCNA) ITH and clonal neoantigen load in patients. Validations in public cohorts further supported the generality of our findings. Conclusions: We innovatively associated the HRD event with enhanced neoadjuvant immunotherapy response in lung cancer. The power of HRD event in patient therapeutic stratification persisted in multi-facet public cohorts. We propose the inspection of HR pathway gene status could serve as novel and additional indicators directing immune-neoadjuvant and immunotherapy treatment decisions for NSCLC patients.
Evolving genetic testing and treatment pathways in non-small cell lung carcinoma: a Healthcare Professional survey of current practices in the UK; The treatment of non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) has changed significantly in recent years with the discovery of new oncogenic mutations and the introduction of immunotherapy. In March-June 2021 we conducted 57 interviews with healthcare professionals (HCPs) involved in the secondary care management of patients with NSCLC (39 oncologists, 10 nurses, 5 pathologists, 3 respiratory physicians) representing geographically dispersed NHS Trusts across the UK. The aim was to understand the current UK NSCLC patient pathway in relation to oncogenic mutation testing practices, treatment preferences as well as anticipated future trends. In terms of genetic testing, a variety of tests were commonly performed although the testing location varied. 47% (n=27) of respondents represented hospitals that performed genetic testing onsite, 30% (n=17) offsite, and 23% (n=13) at a genomic laboratory hub. Genetic tests perceived to be clinically relevant despite not currently being accessible or reimbursed included MET and HER-2 (Fig. 1). In terms of treatment preferences, in an adjuvant setting, respondents (n=46) estimated a median of 20.0% (IQR 10.0%-30.0%) of eligible patients decline chemotherapy despite being fit enough to receive it. Declining treatment in metastatic NSCLC was estimated to be 17.5% (10.0%-30.0%; n=46) for second/third line treatment. The most common reason for declining treatment was perception on impact on quality of life (89%, n=50/56). The survey highlights variance in mutation testing practices across the UK, which may impact diagnosis and treatment decisions, and in turn may contribute to health outcome inequalities. Molecular driven treatments tend to be better tolerated; as biomarker testing expands and targeted options become available, more patients may be willing to accept treatment. Insights suggest that future areas of clinical interest in NSCLC are MET, HER-2, KRAS and personalised neo/ adjuvant therapies. The survey results conclude there are a number of areas of unmet need remaining within the NSCLC patient pathway.(Figure Presented)Fig. 1. Genomic and histopathology tests which respondents perceived to be of clinical value but are not currently routinely available or NICE reimbursed
Long Non-Coding RNA MALAT1 and PD-L1 Expression in Merkel Cell Carcinomas; Background: Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) participate in transcription, epigenetic or post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression and may contribute to carcinogenesis. Programmed cell Death Ligand-1(PD-L1) inhibitors may be useful neoadjuvant immunotherapy agents for the treatment of Merkel Cell Carcinomas (MCCs). In this study we analyzed expression of lncRNA metastatic-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1(MALAT1) and its correlation with PD-L1 expression in carcinoma cells of Merkel Cell Polyoma virus (MCPyV)-positive and MCPyV-negative MCCs cases. Design: Tissue microarrays (TMAs) were constructed with duplicate cores of 51 cases of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded MCCs. TMA sections were analyzed by in situ hybridization (ISH) using RNAscope technology with MALAT1 probe (Advanced Cell Diagnostics). Immunohistochemical (IHC) stains for MCPyV, PD-L1, chromogranin, synaptophysin, INSM1, CK20, and neurofilament were performed. The results of ISH were analyzed with Vectra imaging technology, Nuance® and inForm® software. Results: MALAT1 was expressed mainly in the tumor cell nuclei. More MCPyV-positive cases (n=28) expressed MALAT1 compared to MCPyV-negative cases (n=23), although the differences were not statistically significant. PD-L1 on tumor cells were evaluated as <1%,1-50% and >50%. MALAT1 expression was significantly higher in cases with PDL-1>50% compared to PDL-1<1% (p< 0.01) and in PDL-1 cases1-50% compared to PDL-1 <1% (p<0.01). As expected, all MCCs expressed neuroendocrine markers and most expressed CK20. Conclusions: MCC cases with PD-L1 expression are more likely to express MALAT1. suggesting that LncRNAs may influence the immunogenic evolution of MCCs. Further investigation is underway.
Impact of neoadjuvant immunotherapy on pulmonary function and perioperative outcomes in patients with resectable non‑small cell lung cancer; Objective To explore the effect of neoadjuvant immunotherapy on pulmonary function and the efficacy in patients with resectable non‐small cell lung cancer. Methods Data of 30 patients with non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy before surgery in the Chest Hospital of Shanghai Jiaotong University from March 2018 to September 2021 were retrospectively collect. The efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in the perioperative period and changes in pulmonary function of patients before and after neoadjuvant treatment were valuated. Results The patients were all‐male with age of (61±8)years old, The major pathological response (MPR) rate of patients receiving neoadjuvant immunotherapy was 43% (13 cases), the pathologic complete response (pCR) rate was 37% (11 cases), disease control rate (DCR) was 97% (29 cases), objective response rate (ORR) was 67% (20 cases). The forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) after treatment was (2.59±0.63) L, and the ratio of FEV1 to the predicted value (FEV1%pred) was 85.27%±15.86%, which were significantly higher than those before treatment [(2.48±0.59)L, 81.73%±15.94%, respectively] (P=0.013, 0.022, respectively). Forced vital capacity (FVC) after treatment was (3.59±0.77) L, which was also significantly higher than before [(3.47±0.76) L,P=0.036]; while there were no statistical difference in FEV1/FVC and FVC accounted for the proportion of predicted values (FVC% pred) between before and after treatment (P=0.084, 0.344, respectively). The ratio of carbon monoxide dispersion (DLCO) to the predicted value (DLCO%pred) decreased from 83.61%±13.10% to 78.69%±13.85% after treatment (P=0.023). There was no significant difference in the incidence of postoperative complications between the DLCO% pred decreased group and the non‐decreased group (3/18 vs 0/6; P=0.546). Conclusions Neoadjuvant immunotherapy can increase the rate of MPR and PCR, significantly increase FEV1 and FEV1%pred, but also lead to a decrease in DLCO% pred; neoadjuvant immunotherapy does not increase the incidence of postoperative complications.
Perioperative outcomes of pulmonary resection after neoadjuvant pembrolizumab in patients with non–small cell lung cancer; Objectives: Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 masking antibody approved for metastatic non–small cell lung cancer. This Phase 2 study (NCT02818920) of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab in non–small cell lung cancer had a primary end point of safety and secondary end points of efficacy and correlative science. Methods: Patients with untreated clinical stage IB to IIIA non–small cell lung cancer were enrolled. Two cycles of pembrolizumab (200 mg) were administered before surgery. Standard adjuvant chemotherapy and radiation were encouraged but not required. Four cycles of adjuvant pembrolizumab were provided. Results: Of 35 patients enrolled, 30 received neoadjuvant pembrolizumab and 25 underwent lung resection. Only 1 patient had a delay before surgery attributed to pembrolizumab; this was due to thyroiditis. All patients underwent anatomic resection and mediastinal lymph node dissection; the majority (18/25%, 72%) of patients underwent lobectomy. Of the 25 patients, 23 had an initial minimally invasive approach (92%); 5 of these were converted to thoracotomy (21.7%). R0 resection was achieved in 22 patients (88%), and major pathologic response was observed in 7 of 25 patients (28%). The most common postoperative adverse event was atrial fibrillation, affecting 6 of 25 patients (24%). Median chest tube duration and length of stay were 3 and 4 days, respectively. One patient required readmission to the hospital within 30 days. There was no mortality within 90 days of surgery. Conclusions: In this study, pembrolizumab was safe and well tolerated in the neoadjuvant setting, and its use was not associated with excess surgical morbidity or mortality. Minimally invasive approaches are feasible in this patient population, but may be more challenging than in cases without neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Pathologic response was higher than typically observed with standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Prognostic impact of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in non-small cell lung carcinomas; Introduction: Tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes represent a pivotal component of the host anti-tumor response. Thus, they considerably influence the evolution of cancers including non-small cell lung carcinomas. Even if, this important role is consensual, many discordant results are published in the literature about the prognostic role of the different populations of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes. The aim of our work was to evaluate the prognostic impact of CD8+, CD4+, and forkhead box protein P3+ lymphocytes in the tumor microenvironment of non-small cell lung carcinomas. Methods: We conducted a retrospective descriptive study, which included non-small cell lung carcinomas diagnosed in the department of pathology and followed in the medical oncology department of the same hospital between 2011 and 2015. Tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes were analyzed by the immunohistochemical method for forkhead box protein P3, CD4, and CD8. Intratumoral and stromal-labeled lymphocytes were quantified by manual counting at high magnification (×400). Forkhead box protein P3+/CD8+, forkhead box protein P3+/CD4+, and CD8+/CD4+ ratios were subsequently calculated. The prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes was assessed in respect of overall survival, recurrence-free survival, and relapse-free survival. Results: Thirty-nine patients were included. The mean age of patients was 59.6 years. A complete surgical resection (p = 0.009), and a CD8/CD4 ratio (p = 0.008) were prognostic factors for overall survival. Complete surgical resection (p = 0.003), the forkhead box protein P3/CD8 (p = 0.005), and forkhead box protein P3/CD4 (p = 0.037) ratios were prognostic factors for recurrence-free survival. The CD8+ tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes rate (p = 0.037) was a prognostic factor for relapse-free survival with a threshold of 67.8/high power field. Microscopic subtype (p = 0.037) was a prognostic factor for relapse-free survival when only adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma were considered. In multivariate analysis, age (p = 0.004) and a CD8/CD4 ratio (p = 0.016) were independent predictors of overall survival. Conclusion: Despite the limitations of our study, our results confirm the prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in non-small cell lung carcinomas and the importance of the combined quantification of their different subpopulations.
Circulating tumor DNA predicts neoadjuvant immunotherapy efficacy and recurrence-free survival in surgical non-small cell lung cancer patients; Background: There is currently a lack of effective biomarkers to evaluate efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) has been investigated as a non-invasive tool for the assessment of tumor burden and minimal residual disease (MRD). The utility of ctDNA profiling in reflecting NAT efficacy, however, has not been confirmed. This study explored the association of ctDNA change with treatment response to NAT and recurrence-free survival (RFS) after surgery. Methods: Eligible patients with stage IB-IIIA NSCLC were retrospectively included if they had received neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy (IO+Chemo), dual immunotherapy (IO+IO), or chemotherapy alone (Chemo). We conducted ctDNA profiling before and after NAT, after surgery, and during follow-ups using an ultra-deep lung cancer-specific MRD (LC-MRD) sequencing panel. Results: A total of 22 patients who received NAT followed by surgery between August 2018 and July 2019 were included in this study. The major pathological response (MPR) rates were 58.33% (7/12) in the IO+Chemo group, 25.00% (1/4) in the IO+IO group, and 16.67% (1/6) in the Chemo group. The ctDNA dynamics during NAT were highly concordant with pathologic response, demonstrating 100% sensitivity and 83.33% specificity, for an overall accuracy of 91.67%. Pre-surgery detectable ctDNA (after NAT) trended to correlate with inferior RFS [hazard ratio (HR), 7.41; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.91-60.22, log-rank P=0.03]. At 3-8 days after surgery, ctDNA was detectable in 31.8% of patients and was an independent risk factor for recurrence (HR, 5.37; 95% CI: 1.27-22.67; log-rank P=0.01). The presence of ctDNA at 3 months after surgery showed 83% sensitivity and 90% specificity for predicting relapse (C-index, 0.79; 95% CI: 0.62-0.95). During disease monitoring after surgery, molecular recurrence by means of ctDNA preceded radiographic relapse, with a median time of 6.83 months. Conclusions: This study investigated the potential of ctDNA in evaluating NAT efficacy in NSCLC, implying the high concordance between ctDNA and pathological response. We also set out the prognostic value of perioperative ctDNA in predicting recurrence.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: In recent years, a series of clinical trials have explored the application of neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, no randomized control trials comparing neoadjuvant immunotherapy with chemoimmunotherapy have yet been reported. This study aimed to summarize and compare the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. Methods: Literature focusing on the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC published before June 2021 was retrieved from PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library. Study endpoints included major pathological response (MPR), complete pathological response (pCR), treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs), severe adverse events (SAEs), resection rate, surgical delay rate, and conversion to thoracotomy. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane bias risk assessment tool. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were further performed. Results: A total of 988 patients from 16 studies were included in this meta-analysis. For patients who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy with single/combined ICIs or chemoimmunotherapy, the pooled MPR rate was 43.5% and the pooled pCR rate was 21.9%. The pooled incidence of TRAEs and SAEs were 54.8% and 15.3%, respectively. The pooled resection rate was 85.8%, the surgical delay rate was 7.4%, and the conversion rate was 17.4%. Patients who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy had remarkably improved pathological response (MPR rate: 53.3% vs. 28.6%; pCR rate: 28.6% vs. 9.9%) compared with those receiving neoadjuvant single-agent immunotherapy, while the incidence of SAEs (18.0% vs. 12.3%) and surgical delay rate (3.8% vs. 7.4%) did not significantly increase. Neoadjuvant nivolumab combined with ipilimumab also achieved a high pCR rate (28.6%) with tolerable toxicity. Nivolumab- and pembrolizumab-based neoadjuvant therapy showed a higher MPR rate (nivolumab 51.5%, pembrolizumab 46.8%) and pCR rate (nivolumab 29.1%, pembrolizumab 31.5%). Besides, patients with positive programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥1%] exhibited favorable pathological responses than PD-L1 negative patients. Discussion: Overall, neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy is effective and safe in NSCLC. Compared with single-agent immunotherapy, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy provides a significant improvement in pathological response without increasing the incidence of SAEs or surgical delay. These results need further confirmation by more large-scale randomized controlled trials.
The effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy among patients undergoing radical cystectomy for variant histology bladder cancer: A systematic review; Objective: To systematically review the evidence about the effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) for muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC) with pure urothelial carcinoma (pUC) in radical cystectomy (RC) candidates affected by variant histology (VH) bladder cancer. Methods: A review of the current literature was conducted through the Medline and National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) PubMed, Scopus databases in May 2020. The updated Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines were followed for this systematic review. Keywords used were ‘bladder cancer’, ‘bladder carcinoma’, ‘bladder tumour’ and ‘bladder cancer variants’ and ‘neoadjuvant chemotherapy’. Only original articles in English published after 2000 and reporting oncological outcomes a series of more than five patients with VH were included. We excluded series in which the oncological outcomes of patients with pUC and VH were undistinguishable. Results: The literature search identified 2231 articles. A total of 51 full-text articles were assessed for eligibility, with 17 eventually considered for systematic review, for a cohort of 450,367 patients, of which 5010 underwent NAC + RC. The median age at initial diagnosis ranged from 61 to 71 years. Most patients received cisplatin-gemcitabine, methotrexate-vinblastine-adriamycin-cisplatin, or carboplatin-based chemotherapy. Only one study reported results of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. The median follow-up ranged from 1 to 120 months. The results showed that squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) is less sensitive to NAC than pUC and that SCC predicts poorer prognosis. NAC was found to be a valid approach in treating small cell carcinoma and may have potential benefit in micropapillary carcinoma. Conclusions: NAC showed the best oncological outcomes in small cell variants and micropapillary carcinoma, while NAC survival benefit for SCC and adenocarcinoma variants needs further studies. Drawing definite considerations on the efficacy of NAC in VH is complicated due to the heterogeneity of present literature. Present results need to be confirmed in randomised controlled trials.
Quantifying the rate and predictors of occult lymph node involvement in patients with clinically node-negative non-small cell lung cancer; Purpose: It is essential to evaluate the risk of occult lymph node (LN) disease in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), especially because delivering stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) assumes no occult spread. This study was designed to assist clinicians in roughly quantifying this risk for cN0 NSCLC. Methods: The National Cancer Data Base was queried for cN0 cM0 lung squamous cell or adenocarcinoma who underwent surgery and LN dissection without neoadjuvant therapy. Statistics included multivariable logistic regression to evaluate factors associated with pN + disease. Results: 109,964 patients were included. For tumors with size ≤1.0, 1.1–2.0, 2.1–3.0, 3.1–4.0, 4.1–5.0, 5.1–6.0, 6.1–7.0, and >7.0 cm, the pN + rate was 4.4, 7.7, 12.9, 18.0, 20.2, 22.5, 24.4, and 26.4%, respectively. When examining patients with more complete LN dissections (defined as removal of at least 10 LNs), the respective values were 6.6, 11.5, 17.6, 25.3, 26.8, 29.7, 30.7, and 31.6%. Moderately-poorly differentiated disease and adenocarcinomas were associated with a higher rate of pN + disease (p <.001 for both). For every cm increase in tumor size, the relative occult nodal risk increased by 10–14% (p <.001). For every elapsed day from initial diagnosis, the relative risk increased by ∼1% (p <.001). Graphs with best-fit lines were created based on tumor size, histology, and differentiation to aid physicians in estimating the pN + risk. Conclusions: This nationwide study can allow clinicians to roughly estimate the rate of occult LN disease in cN0 NSCLC. These data can also assist in guiding enrollment on randomized trials of SABR ± immunotherapy, individualizing follow-up imaging surveillance, and patient counseling to avoid post-diagnosis delays.
Neoadjuvant Nivolumab and Chemotherapy in Patients with Locally Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Retrospective Study; Background: Patients with locally advanced (stage III) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) demonstrate broad anatomic hetero-geneity with modest survival benefits. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have shown survival benefit in metastatic NSCLC. We conducted this study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant nivolumab in combination with chemotherapy in the treatment of this population. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated patients with locally advanced NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant nivolumab and chemotherapy (paclitaxel with carboplatin) followed by surgery at our institution from January 2019 to January 2020. Results: A total of 46 eligible patients, 26 males, and 20 females were diagnosed with NSCLC in a stage IIIA (30 cases) and IIIB (16 cases) to receive neoadjuvant treatment. The treatment was well tolerated with just 7 (15.2%) typical immune-related adverse events (hyperthyroidism, hyperglycemia, and rash) recorded. A total of 45 patients underwent surgical resection, and 43 (95.6%) of them achieved a R0 resection. No major surgical complications were observed. There was a complete response (CR), partial response (PR), stable disease (SD), and progressive disease (PD) in 2 (4.3%), 26 (56.5%), 17 (37.0%), 6 (26.1%), and 1 (2.2%) patients. Eight patients resulted in a major pathological response (MPR) (17.4%) and 24 patients had a pathological complete response (pCR) (52.2%). At the time of data cutoff (June 1, 2021), the median follow-up period was 15.5 months (IQR 3.9–29) and 27 (60%) of 45 patients who had tumor resection were progression free. At 24 months, progression-free survival was 45.8% and overall survival was 79.9%. Conclusion: Nivolumab plus paclitaxel and carboplatin could be a potential neoadjuvant regimen for patients with locally advanced NSCLC, rendering a potentially lethal disease to one that is curable.
Experience of Thoracotomy and Robot-assisted Bronchial Sleeve Resection after Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy for Local Advanced Central Lung Cancer; Background and objective Immunoneoadjuvant therapy opens a new prospect for local advanced lung cancer. The aim of our study was to explore the safety and feasibility of robotic-assisted bronchial sleeve resection in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Methods Data of 13 patients with locally advanced NSCLC that underwent bronchial sleeve resection after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy during August 2020 and February 2021 were retrospectively included. According to the surgical methods, patients were divided into thoracotomy bronchial sleeve resection (TBSR) group and robot-assisted bronchial sleeve resection (RABSR) group. Oncology, intraoperative, and postoperative data in the two groups were compared. Results The two groups of patients oper-ated smoothly, the postoperative pathology confirmed that all the tumor lesions achieved R0 resection, and RABSR group no patient was transferred to thoracotomy during surgery. Partial remission (PR) rate and major pathological remissions (MPR) rate of patients in the TBSR group were 71.43% and 42.86%, respectively. Complete pathological response (pCR) was 28.57%. They were 66.67%, 50.00% and 33.33% in RABSR group, respectively. There were no significant differences in operative dura-tion, number of lymph nodes dissected, intraoperative blood loss, postoperative drainage time and postoperative hospital stay between the two groups, but the bronchial anastomosis time of RABSR group was relatively short. Both groups of patients had a good prognosis. Successfully discharged from the hospital and post-operative 90-d mortality rate was 0. Conclusion In patients with locally advanced central NSCLC after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy can achieve the tumor reduction, tumor stage decline and increase the R0 resection rate, bronchial sleeve resection is safe and feasible. Under the premise of following the two principles of surgical safety and realizing the tumor R0 resection, robot-assisted bronchial sleeve resection can be preferred.
Surgical or medical strategy for locally-advanced, stage IIIA/B-N2 non-small cell lung cancer: Reproducibility of decision-making at a multidisciplinary tumor board; Background: Stage IIIA/B-N2 is a very heterogeneous group of patients and accounts for one third of NSCLC at diagnosis. The best treatment strategy is established at a Multidisciplinary Tumor Board (MTB): surgical resection with neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy versus definitive chemoradiation with immune checkpoint inhibitors consolidation. Despite the crucial role of MTBs in this complex setting, limited data is available regarding its performances and the reproducibility of the decision-making. Methods: Using a large cohort of IIIA/B-N2 NSCLC patients, we described patient's characteristics and treatment strategies established at the initial MTB: with a “surgical strategy” group, for potentially resectable disease, and a “medical strategy” group for non-resectable patients. A third group consisted of patients who were not eligible for surgery after neoadjuvant treatment and switched from the surgical to the medical strategy. We randomly selected 30 cases (10 in each of the 3 groups) for a blinded re-discussion at a fictive MTB and analyzed the reproducibility and factors associated with treatment decision. Results: Ninety-seven IIIA/B-N2 NSCLC patients were enrolled between June 2017 and December 2019. The initial MTB opted for a medical or a surgical strategy in 44% and 56% of patients respectively. We identified histology, tumor size and localization, extent of lymph node involvement and the presence of bulky mediastinal nodes as key decision-making factors. Thirteen patients were not eligible for surgical resection after neoadjuvant therapy and switched for a medical strategy. Overall concordance between the initial decision and the re-discussion was 70%. The kappa correlation coefficient was 0.43. Concordance was higher for patients with limited mediastinal node invasion. Survival did not appear to be impacted by conflicting decisions. Conclusions: Reproducibility of treatment decision-making for stage IIIA/B-N2 NSCLC patients at a MTB is moderate but does not impact survival.
Preoperative Masseter Muscle Sarcopenia Predicts Mortality in Patients with Oesophageal Cancer; Background/Aim: The impact of masseter muscle sarcopenia on the prognosis of patients with oesophageal cancer after oesophagectomy remains unclear. Patients and Methods: We retrospectively analysed data from 70 patients with oesophageal cancer who underwent oesophagectomy between 2013 and 2019. Overall survival and disease-free survival rates were analysed using Cox proportional hazards models and Kaplan–Meier curves with the log-rank test. Results: Masseter muscle sarcopenia was diagnosed in 36 patients. Multivariate analysis identified cytokeratin 19 fragment >1.1 (p=0.04); stage II, III, and IV cancer (p=0.01); and masseter muscle sarcopenia (p<0.01) as significant independent predictors of disease-free survival. Stage II, III, and IV cancer (p<0.01); masseter muscle sarcopenia (p<0.01); and postoperative pneumonia (p<0.01) were significant independent predictors of overall survival. Conclusion: Preoperative masseter muscle sarcopenia could be a strong predictor of long-term outcomes in patients who undergo oesophagectomy for oesophageal cancer.
OX40 and 4-1BB delineate distinct immune profiles in sarcoma; Systemic relapse after radiotherapy and surgery is the major cause of disease-related mortality in sarcoma patients. Combining radiotherapy and immunotherapy is under investigation as a means to improve response rates. However, the immune contexture of sarcoma is understudied. Here, we use a retrospective cohort of sarcoma patients, treated with neoadjuvant radiotherapy, and TCGA data. We explore therapeutic targets of relevance to sarcoma, using genomics and multispectral immunohistochemistry to provide insights into the tumor immune microenvironment across sarcoma subtypes. Differential gene expression between radioresponsive myxoid liposarcoma (MLPS) and more radioresistant undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma (UPS) indicated UPS contained higher transcript levels of a number of immunotherapy targets (CD73/NT5E, CD39/ENTPD1, CD25/IL2RA, and 4–1BB/TNFRSF9). We focused on 4–1BB/TNFRSF9 and other costimulatory molecules. In TCGA data, 4–1BB correlated to an inflamed and exhausted phenotype. OX40/TNFRSF4 and 4–1BB/TNFRSF9 were highly expressed in sarcoma subtypes versus other cancers. Despite OX40 and 4–1BB being described as Treg markers, we identified that they delineate distinct tumor immune profiles. This was true for sarcoma and other cancers. While only a limited number of samples could be analyzed, spatial analysis of OX40 expression identified two diverse phenotypes of OX40+ Tregs, one associated with and one independent of tertiary lymphoid structures (TLSs). Patient stratification is of intense interest for immunotherapies. We provide data supporting the viewpoint that a cohort of sarcoma patients, appropriately selected, are promising candidates for immunotherapies. Spatial profiling of OX40+ Tregs, in relation to TLSs, could be an additional metric to improve future patient stratification.
Management of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Updates from the European Lung Cancer Congress 2022; The recently concluded European Lung Cancer Congress 2022 (ELCC22) showcased some very exciting data, with more than 200 abstracts presented during the meeting. Through this review, we focus on selected clinically relevant abstracts that in our opinion represent significant updates in the current management of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here, we summarize the updates in surgical management, adjuvant therapy and therapy for advanced stage NSCLC and put these advances in the context of the current clinical standard of care.
Different in Situ Immune Patterns between Primary Tumor and Lymph Node in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: Potential Impact on Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy; Background. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy is promising for locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The in situ immune patterns, as a predictor of PD-1/PD-L1 blockade outcomes, of the primary tumor (PT) and metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs) are unknown. Methods. Multiplex immunofluorescence staining and multispectral imaging were used to evaluate the in situ immune patterns of T cells (CD3+) and cytotoxic T cells (CD8+) in terms of density, location (center of tumor (CT) and invasive margin (IM)), and the PD-L1 expression status of tumor cells and stromal T cells of paired PTs and mLNs in 38 stage III NSCLCs. Results. The densities of T cells and cytotoxic T cells were correlated between PTs and mLNs at both CT and IM. Higher densities of stromal T cells (S-CD3+) at CT and both S-CD3+ and cytotoxic T cells (S-CD8+) at IM were observed in mLNs compared to PTs, while in tumor compartment, there were no differences in the densities of T cells (T-CD3+) or cytotoxic T cells (T-CD8+). Only the density of stromal PD-L1-positive T cells (S-PD-L1+CD3+) at CT was correlated between PTs and mLNs, while the densities and frequencies of S-PD-L1+CD3+ at CT and IM of mLNs were higher than PTs. Combining positive score discordance of PD-L1 between PTs and mLNs was greater than tumor proportion score. Conclusions. In situ immune patterns of T cells and cytotoxic T cells were different between PTs and mLNs in NSCLC. The heterogeneity of the in situ immune patterns may result in different immune-mediated responses to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in PT and mLNs.
Prognostic Value of GIMAP4 and Its Role in Promoting Immune Cell Infiltration into Tumor Microenvironment of Lung Adenocarcinoma; GIMAPs are recognized as an important regulator in the carcinogenesis and development of lung cancer, but the function of GIMAP4 in the tumor microenvironment (TME) of lung cancers is unclear. In this study, we investigated the expression and variation of GIMAP4 in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD), to explore its association with infiltration of immune cells. The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) data and Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) data were analyzed. Infiltration of immune cells was identified with TIMER (Tumor Immune Estimation Resource) and TISIDB (an integrated repository portal for tumor-immune system interactions). GIMAP4 expression declined in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), correlated with a poor overall survival (OS) in LUAD, indicating that GIMAP4 was a promising prognostic biomarker in LUAD. GIMAP4 mutation frequency was 1.76% in TCGA cohort and was relevant to the expression of immune components. TIMER and CIBERSORT analysis further confirmed that high GIMAP4 expression possibly promoted immune cell infiltration into the TME, with low GIMAP4 impairing the efficacy of immunotherapies targeting common immune check point inhibitors (ICI). GO (Gene Ontology) and KEGG (Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes) analyses were performed to provide insights into biological processes involved in LUAD. GIMAP4 was expected to be a prognostic biomarker in LUAD and provides potential adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapeutic strategies for targeting ICIs.
IMMUNOTHERAPY OF LUNG CANCER, WHAT DOES THE FUTURE BRINGS?; Lung cancer is one of the most common malignancies and still leading cause of deaths from malignant diseases Worldwide. Situation in Croatia is similar, with 3235 new lung cancer cases diagnosed each year, and around 3000 deaths. Most common histological subtype is adenocarcinoma, and smoking remains majors risk factor for developing lung cancer. A better understanding of molecular biology of lung cancer has led to the development of many effective targeted therapies such as EGFR, ALK, ROS1, BRAF, KRAS and other tyrosine kinase inhibitors which improved treatment of lung cancer, especially non-small cell subtype. In patients without driver mutations, immunotherapy alone or in combination with chemotherapy is cornerstone of treatment. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have shown tremendous benefit in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and are now being used as first-line therapies in metastatic disease (pembrolizumab, atezolizumab, nivolumab plus ipilimumab) and consolidation therapy following chemoradiation in unresectable locally advanced disease (durvalumab). Future approaches of above-mentioned agents include transferring its usage in earlier stages of the disease: neo-adjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy after complete surgical resection with or without chemotherapy in resectable stages I to IIIA. Future directions remain open. Small cell lung cancer represents around 15% of all lung cancer cases. Its incidence is decreasing due to decreasing number of smokers. Chemotherapy is cornerstone of treatment in metastatic small-cell lung cancer with limited improvement in survival. Adding immunotherapy (durvalumab, atezolizumab) to chemotherapy gain benefit in improving overall survival, and for the first-time improving survival over 12 year. It is important to explore and search for additional targets to get the full benefits of immunotherapy in the treatment of lung cancer. PD-1/PD-L1 and CTLA-4 inhibitors are the most commonly used ICIs in lung cancer, yet development of resistance to these agents remains a challenge. TIGIT is a promising new immune checkpoint. It is expressed on activated T cells, natural killer (NK) cells, and regulatory T cells (Tregs). In a recently reported randomized phase II trial, combination of anti- TIGIT antibody tiragolumab with atezolizumab led to clinically meaningful improvement in ORR and PFS compared to placebo plus atezolizumab as first-line treatment of patients with advanced, PD-L1 positive NSCLC. Based on these results. FDA has granted breakthrough therapy designation to tiragolumab in NSCLC. Another potential checkpoint as target is LAG-3 which is expressed on activated CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, Tregs, a subpopulation of NK cells, B cells, and plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDCs). LAG-3 signaling plays a negative regulatory role in T helper 1 (Th1) cell activation, proliferation and cytokine secretion, a function that is exploited by tumor cells to evade the host immune system. A phase II trial evaluating the efficacy of relatlimab in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy as first-line treatment of advanced NSCLC is currently ongoing. TIM-3, a negative regulator of T cell response is expressed on CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, NK cells, DCs, Tregs, monocytes, and macrophages, is another immune checkpoint under investigation. Higher expression of TIM-3 has been associated with poor prognosis in solid malignancies and inhibition of TIM-3 in combination with PD-1/PD-L1 inhibition has been shown to have anti-tumor activity. Different TIM-3 inhibitors together with inhibitors of PD-1 pathway are under development. The immunomodulatory effects of radiation are well established. Combining ICI with radiation, either concurrently or sequentially, has been studied extensively. A number of clinical trials have been initiated to succeed the success of PACIFIC trial with consolidation durvalumab following chemoradiation in patients with locally advanced, stage III, unresectable NSCLC. Several trials with concurrent use of ICI and chemoradiation are ongoing (durvalumab, pembrolizumab trials). The list of actionable genomic alterations in NSCLC and corresponding targeted therapeutic approaches have expanded considerably in the recent years. Combination of ICIs with EGFR and ALK tyrosine kinase inhibitors has shown increase in severe treatment related toxicity. KRAS mutation could be perhaps an exception to this limitation. Clinical trials combining ICIs with currently available KRAS G12C inhibitors, sotorasib and adagrasib, are ongoing. In conclusion, despite extensive use of immunotherapy in treatment of lung cancer, further investigations are needed to improve efficacy of immunotherapy, and to explore potential benefits of combining immunotherapy with other treatment options like chemotherapy, radioanttherapy, new immune checkpoints and targeted agents.
A Support Vector Machine Based on Liquid Immune Profiling Predicts Major Pathological Response to Chemotherapy Plus Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 as a Neoadjuvant Treatment for Patients With Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; The biomarkers for the pathological response of neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus anti-programmed cell death protein-1/programmed cell death-ligand 1 (PD-1/PD-L1) (CAPD) are unclear in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Two hundred and eleven patients with stage Ib-IIIa NSCLC undergoing CAPD prior to surgical resection were enrolled, and 11 immune cell subsets in peripheral blood were prospectively analyzed using multicolor flow cytometry. Immune cell subtypes were selected by recursive feature elimination and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator methods. The support vector machine (SVM) was used to build a model. Multivariate analysis for major pathological response (MPR) was also performed. Finally, five immune cell subtypes were identified and an SVM based on liquid immune profiling (LIP-SVM) was developed. The LIP-SVM model achieved high accuracies in discovery and validation sets (AUC = 0.886, 95% CI: 0.823–0.949, P < 0.001; AUC = 0.874, 95% CI: 0.791–0.958, P < 0.001, respectively). Multivariate analysis revealed that age, radiological response, and LIP-SVM were independent factors for MPR in the two sets (each P < 0.05). The integration of LIP-SVM, clinical factors, and radiological response showed significantly high accuracies for predicting MPR in discovery and validation sets (AUC = 0.951, 95% CI: 0.916–0.986, P < 0.001; AUC = 0.943, 95% CI: 0.912–0.993, P < 0.001, respectively). Based on immune cell profiling of peripheral blood, our study developed a predictive model for the MPR of patients with NSCLC undergoing CAPD treatment that can potentially guide clinical therapy.
Blood-based Genomic and Cellular Determinants of Response to Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade in Patients with Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Despite the improved survival observed in PD-1/PD-L1 blockade therapy, there still is a lack of response to the anti-PD1 therapy for a large proportion of cancer patients across multiple indications, including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) Methods: Transcriptomic profiling was performed on 57 whole blood samples from 31 NSCLC patients and 5 healthy donors, including both responders and non-responders received anti-PD-1 Tislelizumab plus chemotherapy, to characterize differentially expressed genes (DEGs), signature pathways, and immune cell subsets regulated during treatment. Mutations of oncogenic drivers were identified and associated with therapeutic outcomes in a validation cohort with 1661 cancer patients. These multi-level biomarkers were validated and compared across different methods, external datasets and multiple computational tools. Results: NSCLC patients examined and achieved pathological complete response (pCR) were considered as responders or non-responders otherwise. Expression of hundreds DEGs (FDR p<0.05, fold change<-2 or >2) was changed in blood during neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 treatment, as well as in lung cancer tissue as compared to normal samples. Enriched PD-1-mediated pathways and elevated cell abundances of CD8 T cells and regulatory T cells were exclusively observed in responder blood samples. In an independent validation cohort of 1661 pan-cancer patients, a panel of 4 top ranked genetic alterations (PTCH1, DNMT3A, PTPRS, JAK2) identified from responders in discovery cohort were found positively associated with the overall survival (p<0.05). Conclusion: These findings suggest peripheral blood-based biomarkers and cell subsets could be utilized to define the response to neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade in NSCLC patients and a set of novel gene mutations is strongly associated with the therapeutic outcome of cancer immunotherapy.
Nodal immune flare mimics nodal disease progression following neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer; Radiographic imaging is the standard approach for evaluating the disease involvement of lymph nodes in patients with operable NSCLC although the impact of neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) on lymph nodes has not yet been characterized. Herein, we present an ad hoc analysis of the NEOSTAR trial (NCT03158129) where we observed a phenomenon we refer to as “nodal immune flare” (NIF) in which patients treated with neoadjuvant ICIs demonstrate radiologically abnormal nodes post-therapy that upon pathological evaluation are devoid of cancer and demonstrate de novo non-caseating granulomas. Abnormal lymph nodes are analyzed by computed tomography and 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computer tomography to evaluate the size and the maximum standard uptake value post- and pre-therapy in NEOSTAR and an independent neoadjuvant chemotherapy cohort. NIF occurs in 16% (7/44) of patients treated with ICIs but in 0% (0/28) of patients after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. NIF is associated with an inflamed nodal immune microenvironment and with fecal abundance of genera belonging to the family Coriobacteriaceae of phylum Actinobacteria, but not with tumor responses or treatment-related toxicity. Our findings suggest that this apparent radiological cancer progression in lymph nodes may occur due to an inflammatory response after neoadjuvant immunotherapy, and such cases should be evaluated by pathological examination to distinguish NIF from true nodal progression and to ensure appropriate clinical treatment planning.
Meta-analysis of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer; Purpose: Immunotherapy has created a paradigm shift in the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), overcoming the therapeutic plateau previously achieved by systemic chemotherapy. There is growing interest in the utility of immunotherapy for patients with resectable NSCLC in the neoadjuvant setting. The present systematic review and meta-analysis aim to provide an overview of the existing evidence, with a focus on pathological and radiological response, perioperative clinical outcomes, and long-term survival. Methods: A systematic review was conducted using electronic databases from their dates of inception to August 2021. Pooled data on pathological response, radiological response, and perioperative outcomes were meta-analyzed where possible. Results: Eighteen publications from sixteen studies were identified, involving 548 enrolled patients who underwent neoadjuvant immunotherapy, of whom 507 underwent surgery. Pathologically, 52% achieved a major pathological response, 24% a complete pathological response, and 20% reported a complete pathological response of both the primary lesion as well as the sampled lymph nodes. Radiologically, 84% of patients had stable disease or partial response. Mortality within 30 days was 0.6%, and morbidities were reported according to grade and frequency. Conclusion: The present meta-analysis demonstrated that neoadjuvant immunotherapy was feasible and safe based on perioperative clinical data and completion rates of surgery within their intended timeframe. The pathological response after neoadjuvant immunotherapy was superior to historical data for patients who were treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, whilst surgical and treatment-related adverse events were comparable. The limitations of the study included the heterogenous treatment regimens, lack of long-term follow-up, variations in the reporting of potential prognostic factors, and potential publication bias.
119TiP Dual-immunotherapy and short-course medium-dose radiotherapy, followed by surgery for tumor microenvironment modification in early stage NSCLC: The DIRECT-trial; Background: For fit patients with resectable NSCLC, surgery +/- adjuvant chemotherapy is standard of care. Despite this curative intent approach, rates of distant metastases are still substantial. To improve disease control, neoadjuvant administration of immune checkpoint inhibitors appears promising. Combining immune checkpoint inhibitors (anti PD-L1 and anti-CTLA-4) with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy (RT) appears to further improve clinical efficacy, without unacceptable excess in toxicity. We hypothesize that neoadjuvant short course dual immunotherapy and medium dose RT improves both local and systemic disease control in resectable NSCLC with acceptable toxicity. Trial Design: DIRECT is a single center, single arm phase II study including patients with pathology proven resectable cT1c-3N0-1M0 NSCLC. Patients presenting with separate nodules in the same lobe as the primary tumor, and tumors invading surrounding structures such as thoracic wall, are excluded. Patients are treated with concurrent dual immunotherapy (durvalumab 1200mg IV on days 1 and 22, and tremelimumab 300mg IV once on day 1) and radiotherapy (3x8Gy delivered on consecutive days, first fraction before start of immunotherapy on day 1). After excluding progressive disease (RECIST), anatomical pulmonary resection is planned 4-6 weeks after the start of the neoadjuvant therapy. Study patients will be followed-up for 2 years post treatment. Primary objective is to assess safety of the neoadjuvant combination of durvalumab/tremelimumab and medium-dose RT (durva/treme/mRT) and its impact on pathological response, i.e. major pathological response percentage. Secondary objective is to assess the effect of this neoadjuvant regimen on tumor inflammation, radiological response (RECIST v1.1), metabolic response (FDG-PET), and survival outcomes (using disease free and overall survival). Exploratory objectives include the assessment of the effect of durva/treme/mRT on the immunological response of the primary tumor and the tumor-draining lymph nodes (TDLN), and to explore the effects of durva/treme/mRT and surgery on peripheral blood immune subsets distribution and phenotype. Clinical trial identification: CCMO Netherlands: NL75281.029.20. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: S. Senan: Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Advisory Role: AstraZeneca; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Merck; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Cellgene; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Ely Lilly; Other, Institutional, Funding: View Ray inc.; Other, Institutional, Funding: Varian. T. Radonic: Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Roche; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: AbbVie; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: MSD; Other, Institutional, Funding: AbbVie. T.D. de Gruijl: Other, Personal, Advisory Board: TILT biotherapeutics; Other, Personal, Advisory Board: DC Prima; Financial Interests, Personal, Funding: Macrophage Farma; Financial Interests, Personal, Funding: Idera Pharmaceutical. I. Bahce: Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Advisory Role: AstraZeneca; Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Advisory Role: Boehringer; Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Advisory Role: MSD; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Pfizer; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Takeda; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Cellgene; Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Advisory Role: Roche; Non-Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Advisory Role: Bristol Myers Squibb; Non-Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Eli Lilly. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
7P Distinct immune gene programs associated with host tumor immunity, neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in resectable NSCLC; Background: Our understanding of the immunopathology of early-stage NSCLC is still limited. While neoadjuvant immunotherapeutic strategies have recently shown anti-tumor effects in resectable NSCLC, their mechanisms remain inadequately understood. Here, we explore immune programs that inform of tumor immunity and response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in localized NSCLC. Methods: Targeted immune gene sequencing using the HTG Precision Immuno-Oncology panel was performed in localized NSCLCs from three cohorts based on treatment: naïve (n=190), neoadjuvant chemotherapy (n=38) and neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (n=21). Three tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) phenotypes (inflamed, cold, excluded) were derived based on CD8+ T cell infiltration. Signatures of immune cell abundance and immune genes were statistically compared based on tumoral PD-L1 expression, immune phenotypes, associated with pathological response, and were cross-compared across the three cohorts. Results: PD-L1 positive tumors exhibited increased signature scores for various lymphoid and myeloid cell subsets (both, p<0.05). TIME phenotypes exhibited disparate frequencies by stage, PD-L1 expression, and mutational burden. Inflamed NSCLCs displayed overall significantly heightened levels of immune signatures with the excluded group representing an intermediate state. A signature of cytotoxic T cells was associated with favorable survival in neoadjuvant chemotherapy-treated NSCLCs (p<0.05). Major pathological response to chemoimmunotherapy was positively associated with CD8 T cells (p<0.05) and Th1 cells were significantly reduced post-chemoimmunotherapy (p<0.001). Among the three cohorts, chemoimmunotherapy-treated NSCLCs exhibited highest scores for various immune cell subsets including T effector and B cells (both, p<0.05). Conclusions: Our findings highlight immune gene programs that may underlie host tumor immunity and response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in early-stage NSCLC. Legal entity responsible for the study: The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Funding: MD Anderson Cancer Center. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
64P Neoadjuvant toripalimab plus chemotherapy in patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancer: A prospective, single-arm, phase II trial (Renaissance Study); Background: Treatment combination of immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) and platinum-based chemotherapy have displayed promising anti-tumor activities in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We designed a phase II trial to elucidate the safety and feasibility of toripalimab (a PD-1 inhibitor) plus double platinum-based chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for potentially resectable NSCLC. Methods: Study eligibility involved stage IIB-IIIB, wildtype EGFR/ALK NSCLC pts with ECOG PS 0-1 status. Pts received 2-4 cycles of toripalimab (240mg, q3w) plus cisplatin-based chemotherapy before surgery. After the second treatment cycle, imaging/surgical indication evaluation were performed within 3 weeks. Pts who cannot undergo surgery will be reassessed after another 1-2 cycles of neoadjuvant therapy. Primary endpoints were major pathological response (MPR), objective response rate (ORR) and safety. Secondary endpoints were R0 resection rate and progression-free survival (PFS). Results: A total of 21 eligible pts (median age: 62, IQR: 45-74; female: 2, 9.5%; smoking history: 18, 85.7%) were enrolled and received neoadjuvant treatment (2 cycles: 18 pts; 3 cycles: 3 pts) since Mar 2021. Histopathological diagnosis identified 16 pts with squamous cell carcinoma, 3 pts with adenocarcinoma and 2 pts with adenosquamous carcinoma. Disease distribution in stage IIB, IIIA and IIIB consisted of 6, 11 and 4 pts, respectively. 19 pts (19/21, 90.5%) underwent resection (median interval between neoadjuvant treatment and surgery: 67 days, IQR 40-113), 2 pts were unsuitable for surgery. The R0 resection rate was 100%. 11 patients (11/19, 57.9%) achieved MPR, including 7 patients (7/19, 36.8%) with pCR. No patient had surgical complications. Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) included one (1/21, 4.5%) patient with grade 3 leukopenia and grade 4 neutrophilopenia. Grade 1-2 TRAEs were reported in 14 patients (14/21, 66.7%). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant toripalimab plus platinum-based doublet is tolerable and effective for pts with potentially resectable NSCLC. Clinical trial identification: NCT04606303. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Junshi Biosciences. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
98P Camrelizumab as neoadjuvant, first- or later-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A retrospective real-world study (CTONG2004); Background: Camrelizumab (anti-PD-1 antibody) monotherapy or combined with chemotherapy showed efficacy for advanced NSCLC in trials. However, the real-world data of camrelizumab as first- or later-line treatment for NSCLC was limited. There was a lack of evidence of neoadjuvant camrelizumab for NSCLC, either. Methods: Data of NSCLC patients who received camrelizumab in the neoadjuvant, first- or later-line setting in 22 hospitals were extracted. Pathologic complete response (pCR), overall response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), progression-free and overall survivals (PFS; OS) per RECIST v1.1, and treatment-related adverse events (TRAE) per CTCAE v5.0 were analyzed accordingly. Results: Totally, 432 patients were included. Median age was 61.2±8.7 years. 339 (78.5%) were male. Most neoadjuvant patients were at stage III (65%). The major histological subtypes were adenocarcinoma and squamous NSCLC. Efficacy end points (pCR, ORR, DCR, PFS, and OS) were detailed in the table. TRAE of any grade and ≥ grade 3 were observed in 207 (47.9%) and 49 (11.3%) patients, respectively. The most common TREA were anaemia (149; 34.5%), white blood cell count decreased (95; 22%), and lymphocyte count decreased (67; 15.5%). Reactive cutaneous capillary endothelial proliferation occurred in 23 (5%) patients, among which one was ≥ grade 3. No new safety signals were observed. [Formula presented] Conclusions: The real-world data indicated that camrelizumab had promising efficacy for NSCLC in the neoadjuvant, first- or later-line setting, with manageable toxicities. Prospective studies of neoadjuvant camrelizumab are warranted. Editorial acknowledgement: We thank the medical writing support from Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Legal entity responsible for the study: Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital & Guangdong Academy of Medical Sciences. Funding: Chinese Thoracic Oncology Group (CTONG). Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
1O Dynamic circulating tumour DNA (ctDNA) response to neoadjuvant (NA) atezolizumab (atezo) and surgery (surg) and association with outcomes in patients (pts) with NSCLC; Background: Detection of residual disease post-NA treatment (tx) using ctDNA may indicate response and post-surg relapse risk. We profiled ctDNA and describe ctDNA dynamics in pts with NSCLC pre- and post-NA tx with atezo (anti–PD-L1) and post-surg in the LCMC3 study. Methods: Pts (N=181) with stage IB to select IIIB NSCLC received 2 cycles of NA atezo before surg. Tumour tissue–informed, germline-corrected ctDNA was measured pre- and post-atezo and post-surg using the AVENIO Oncology Surveillance Test (ctDNA+ defined as ctDNA detection index ≤0.05). We correlated quantitative ctDNA levels and ctDNA presence with major pathologic response (MPR; primary endpoint), pathologic response, change in tumour size and disease-free survival (DFS). Results: 126 pts had sufficient tissue to test, of which 106 (84%) had tumour variants suitable for monitoring. Of these, ctDNA was detected in 72% of pre-atezo (n=101), 56% of post-atezo (n=102) and 10% of post-surg samples (n=49). Median ctDNA levels (range) dropped from 3 (0-4448) mean tumour molecules/mL plasma (mtm/mL) pre-atezo to 0.5 (0-406) mtm/mL post-atezo and 0 (0-35) mtm/mL post-surg (all paired comparisons P<0.01). Greater ctDNA reduction post-atezo was seen in pts with MPR vs non-MPR (median log2 fold change −4.8 vs 0.3, P<0.001). Reduced ctDNA levels post-atezo were also associated with pathologic response (P<0.001, r=0.38) and reduction in radiographic tumour size (P<0.001, r=0.42). 2-yr DFS rate for pts who were ctDNA– vs ctDNA+ post-surg was 75% vs 40% (HR, 3.6; 95% CI: 1.0, 13.1; P=0.054). In 64 pts with non-squamous tumours, higher disease stage was associated with higher rates of pre-atezo ctDNA+ status and ctDNA levels (all P<0.05). Conclusions: >60% of pts with resectable lung cancers had sufficient tissue, trackable tumour variants, and were ctDNA+ pre-atezo. ctDNA reductions post-atezo correlated with pathologic response and reduced radiographic tumour size. 2-yr DFS was better in pts who were ctDNA– post-surg. Combining changes in ctDNA with pathologic and radiographic assessment may provide a thorough measurement of response to NA therapy, and may inform management of early NSCLC pts. Clinical trial identification: NCT02927301. Editorial acknowledgement: Medical writing assistance for this abstract was provided by Derrick Afful, PhD and Christopher Lum, PhD of Health Interactions Inc, and funded by Genentech, Inc. Legal entity responsible for the study: Genentech, Inc. Funding: Genentech, Inc. Disclosure: M.G. Kris: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Daiichi Sankyo; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Janssen. J.M. Grindheim: Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Genentech, Inc; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech. J.E. Chaft: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, editorial/ medical writing assistance: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Merck. J.M. Lee: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: eCancer; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Medscape; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, meeting attendance support: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, meeting attendance support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Steering or Executive Committee for Clinical Trials: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Steering or Executive Committee for Clinical Trials: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Steering or Executive Committee for Clinical Trials: Novartis. B.E. Johnson: Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Cannon Medical Systems; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Hengrui Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Checkpoint Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Boston Pharmaceuticals; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: G1 Therapeutics; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Daiichi Sankyo; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Jazz Pharmaceuticals; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Janssen Scientific; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute: Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. V.W. Rusch: Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Institutional Clinical Trial: Genelux, Inc.; Financial Interests, Institutional, Other, Institutional clinical trial: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel reimbursement for robotic mentoring: Intuitive Surgical; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel and meeting prep reimbursement for Co-Chair of Thoracic Malignancy Staging Committee: NIH/Coordinating Center for Clinical Trials. P.A. Bunn: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, editorial/ medical writing support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Ascentage; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: CStone; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Imidex; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Viecure; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Ascentage; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: CStone; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Imidex; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Viecure; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role: Verastem,.H. Pass: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Delfi; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Micronoma; Financial Interests, Personal, Royalties: NCI (cell lines); Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: PER; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: RTP; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Patent: IL8 for Lung Cancer; Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Steering committee for Skyscaper: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Leadership Role, Steering committee for IMpower: Genentech. E. Schum: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Genentech. J. Carlisle, M. Weyant: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech. A. Nicholas, A. Johnson, D. Shames: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Genentech. I. I Wistuba: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: HTG Molecular; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: DepArray; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Medimmune; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Adaptive; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Adaptimmune; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: EMD Serono; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Karus; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Johnson & Johnson; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Bayer; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Iovance; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: 4D; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Research Grant: Akoya; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: Genentech/Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Bayer; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: HTG Molecular; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: Asuragen; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting Fees: Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consulting fees: GlaxoSmithKline; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant Fees: Guardant Health; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant fees: Flame; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant Fees: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consutant fees: Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant Fees: Daiichi Sankyo; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant Fees: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant fees: Oncocyte; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant fees: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Medscape; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Genentech/Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Platform Health; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Merck. D.P. Carbone: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Bristol Myers Squibb; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Bristol Myers Squibb KK (Japan); Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Boehringer Ingelheim; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Daiichi Sankyo Inc.; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Eisai; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: EMD Serono/Merck; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Flame Biosciences; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: FENIX; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Genentech/Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: GI Therapeutics/ Intellisphere; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Glaxo-Smith Kline; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Glaxo-Smith Kline; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Gritstone; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Janssen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Lilly; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Mirati; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Novocure; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: OncoCyte; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: OncoHost; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Piper Sandler; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Roche China; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Sanofi; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Seattle Genetics; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Consultant: Seattle Genetics; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, editorial/ medical writng support: Genentech. K. Schulze: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Full or part-time Employment: Genentech; Financial Interests, Personal, Stocks/Shares: Genentech. D.J. Kwiatkowski: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Editorial/ medical writing Support: Genentech.
Canakinumab or Pembrolizumab as Monotherapy or in Combination as Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients With Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: CANOPY-N Trial; Background: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment for patients with stage I-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Five-year survival rates in this population range from 19% to 50%, with most patients dying from distant recurrence. As neoadjuvant/adjuvant chemotherapy yields a modest 5% absolute overall survival benefit for these patients with NSCLC, new treatment options are needed. Preliminary data with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy have shown major pathologic responses (MPRs) or pathologic complete responses in patients with resectable NSCLC. In the CANTOS study, reduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality were observed in a dose-dependent manner in patients with atherosclerosis who received canakinumab (interleukin 1β inhibitor) versus those who received placebo. In preclinical NSCLC humanized models, treatment with canakinumab ± anti-PD-1 inhibitor has shown promising activity, and a synergistic effect was observed with this combination, which may enhance the efficacy of PD-1 inhibition by modulating pro-tumor inflammation in the tumor microenvironment. In this context, the CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate the effect of canakinumab or pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a Phase II, randomized, open-label study evaluating the effect of canakinumab or pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable NSCLC. Patients with histologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA NSCLC (excluding N2 and T4 tumors), no prior systemic therapy, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0 or 1, and eligibility for surgery with a planned resection in approximately 4-6 weeks after first dose of study treatment are eligible to participate. An archival (if obtained up to 6 months before first day of treatment) or new biopsy is required. Approximately 110 patients will be randomized in a 2:2:1 ratio (stratified by histology [squamous/nonsquamous]) to receive a total of 2 doses (200 mg every 3 weeks) of canakinumab alone (n=44) or in combination with pembrolizumab (n=44) or pembrolizumab alone (n=22), with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study-drug dose. The primary endpoint is MPR rate (≤10% of residual viable tumor cells at time of surgery), and secondary endpoints include overall response rate per RECIST 1.1, MPR rate based on local assessment, surgical feasibility rates, safety, incidence of antidrug antibodies, pharmacokinetic parameters, and assessment of the relationship between blood- or tissue-based biomarkers and MPR. As of May 27, 2021, there are 44 active study locations.
Infiltration of NK and plasma cells is associated with a distinct immune subset in non-small cell lung cancer; Immune cells of the tumor microenvironment are central but erratic targets for immunotherapy. The aim of this study was to characterize novel patterns of immune cell infiltration in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in relation to its molecular and clinicopathologic characteristics. Lymphocytes (CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, CD20+, FOXP3+, CD45RO+), macrophages (CD163+), plasma cells (CD138+), NK cells (NKp46+), PD1+, and PD-L1+ were annotated on a tissue microarray including 357 NSCLC cases. Somatic mutations were analyzed by targeted sequencing for 82 genes and a tumor mutational load score was estimated. Transcriptomic immune patterns were established in 197 patients based on RNA sequencing data. The immune cell infiltration was variable and showed only poor association with specific mutations. The previously defined immune phenotypic patterns, desert, inflamed, and immune excluded, comprised 30, 13, and 57% of cases, respectively. Notably, mRNA immune activation and high estimated tumor mutational load were unique only for the inflamed pattern. However, in the unsupervised cluster analysis, including all immune cell markers, these conceptual patterns were only weakly reproduced. Instead, four immune classes were identified: (1) high immune cell infiltration, (2) high immune cell infiltration with abundance of CD20+ B cells, (3) low immune cell infiltration, and (4) a phenotype with an imprint of plasma cells and NK cells. This latter class was linked to better survival despite exhibiting low expression of immune response-related genes (e.g. CXCL9, GZMB, INFG, CTLA4). This compartment-specific immune cell analysis in the context of the molecular and clinical background of NSCLC reveals two previously unrecognized immune classes. A refined immune classification, including traits of the humoral and innate immune response, is important to define the immunogenic potency of NSCLC in the era of immunotherapy. © 2021 The Authors. The Journal of Pathology published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. on behalf of The Pathological Society of Great Britain and Ireland.
Clinical management and outcome of grade iii pneumonitis after chemoradioimmunotherapy for inoperable stage iii non-small cell lung cancer—a prospective longitudinal assessment; Background: Maintenance treatment with immune-checkpoint inhibition (ICI) has been shown to significantly improve patient prognosis after chemoradiotherapy (CRT) for inoperable stage III NSCLC. This survival advantage may be achieved at the expense of an increased probability for symptomatic pneumonitis as CRT as well as ICI treatment is associated with the risk of treatment-related pulmonary toxicity. Methods: We screened a prospective chemoradioimmunotherapy (CRT-IO) cohort consisting of 38 patients and identified patients with therapy-related grade 3 pneumonitis. All patients were treated with intravenous high dose corticosteroids and closely monitored by CT-scans and extended longitudinal lung function tests. We analyzed lung function parameters and CT morphological features to characterize patients’ outcome. Results: Six (16%) patients treated with CRT-IO developed grade 3 pneumonitis one to six months after completion CRT. In the CT imaging, pneumonitis was characterized by diffuse ground glass capacities and in part pulmonary consolidations within and outside the planning target volume. Onset of pneumonitis was accompanied by a reduction in diffusion capacity in all cases. The mean decline of diffusion capacity was 25.8% [6–53%]. Under treatment with corticosteroids, all patients recovered regarding symptoms and changes in CT morphology. In five out of six patients, diffusion capacity improved to at least 80% of the baseline [80–96%]. One patient showed a significant increase of diffusion capacity after treatment (from 32% to 53%) but reached only 62% of the initial value. Conclusions: Pneumonitis is a severe complication of CRT-IO. High-resolution CT imaging and extended lung function testing proved to be a suitable approach in detecting and monitoring of CRT-IO associated pneumonitis.
Circulating tumour cells (Ctcs) in nsclc: From prognosis to therapy design; Designing optimal (neo)adjuvant therapy is a crucial aspect of the treatment of non-smallcell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). Standard methods of chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and immunotherapy represent effective strategies for treatment. However, in some cases with high metastatic activity and high levels of circulating tumour cells (CTCs), the efficacy of standard treatment methods is insufficient and results in treatment failure and reduced patient survival. CTCs are seen not only as an isolated phenomenon but also a key inherent part of the formation of metastasis and a key factor in cancer death. This review discusses the impact of NSCLC therapy strategies based on a meta-analysis of clinical studies. In addition, possible therapeutic strategies for repression when standard methods fail, such as the administration of low-toxicity natural anticancer agents targeting these phenomena (curcumin and flavonoids), are also discussed. These strategies are presented in the context of key mechanisms of tumour biology with a strong influence on CTC spread and metastasis (mechanisms related to tumour-associated and-infiltrating cells, epithelial–mesenchymal transition, and migration of cancer cells).
Neoadjuvant camrelizumab, nab-paclitaxel, and carboplatin in patients with stage IB-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NANE-LC): A study protocol of prospective, single-arm, multicenter, phase II study; Background: Previous studies have shown that neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) combined with chemotherapy in patients with stage IB-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) significantly improved the major pathological response (MPR) and the pathological complete response (pCR) rates. However, high-level evidence-based medical data confirming this effect are still lacking. In addition, there is an urgent need to develop an appropriate strategy to predict the benefit for patients receiving ICIs. In this study, we describe an ongoing study on the effect of neoadjuvant therapy with camrelizumab, nab-paclitaxel, and carboplatin on stage IB-IIIA NSCLC patients. The aim of this study is to establish a multiomics artificial intelligence system for predicting neoadjuvant therapy efficacy and assisting decision-making. Methods: This prospective, single-arm, multicenter, phase II trial will enroll a total of 40 patients who will undergo surgery after three cycles of neoadjuvant therapy with camrelizumab, nab-paclitaxel, and carboplatin. The MPR rate is the primary endpoint, while the rates of pCR, complete resection, objective response, disease-free survival (DFS), adverse events (AEs), and quality of life (QOL) are secondary endpoints. Exploratory endpoints will serve to establish a multiomics artificial intelligence system for neoadjuvant therapy effect prediction and decision-making assistance based on radiomics, metabolism, genetic, and clinic-pathological characteristics and to explore the mechanisms of drug resistance. Discussion: The efficacy of ICIs is influenced by many factors, including patient's driver genes and smoking status. Thus, further subgroup analysis is needed. This study will indicate if our new multiomics artificial intelligence system constitutes a valid strategy for neoadjuvant therapy effect prediction and decision-making assistance in the context of neoadjuvant camrelizumab, nab-paclitaxel, and carboplatin treatment for patients with stage IB-IIIA NSCLC.
SAKK 16/14-T-cell receptor repertoire metrics predict response to neoadjuvant durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC; Introduction: T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire assessment has emerged as a novel predictive marker for response to immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy. Here, we performed TCR sequencing in patients from the phase 2 trial SAKK 16/14 undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy with 3 cycles of cisplatin/docetaxel followed by treatment with durvalumab. Methods: A total of 127 peripheral blood samples and 67 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue samples were processed from 67 patients before and after neoadjuvant treatment. Total RNA was extracted and used for TCR sequencing with the Oncomine TCR Beta-LR and SR Assays, respectively. TCR evenness, Shannon diversity, and TCR richness were calculated and correlated with clinical endpoints using Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Results: TCR repertoire could be assessed in a total of 97 peripheral blood (47 pre-and 50 post-treatment) and 64 FFPE (15 pre-and 49 post-treatment) samples. In pre-treatment peripheral blood samples, TCR evenness (p = 0.032) was associated with 1 year EFS. In FFPE post-treatment samples, 1 year EFS as well as MPR were significantly associated with increased TCR richness (p = 0.0168 and 0.0134) and Shannon diversity (p = 0.0278 and p = 0.0334). Furthermore, nodal clearance was significantly associated with TCR richness and Shannon diversity in post-treatment tissue samples (p = 0.0015, p = 0.0087). In contrast, TMB was not associated with EFS, MPR or nodal clearance (p = 0.91, p = 0.47, p = 0.52). Conclusions: Our results show that TCR repertoire measured in peripheral blood samples and tumor tissue may provide a useful tool for predicting risk of recurrence after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immuno-therapy with durvalumab in patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC.
Association of tumour mutational burden with outcomes in patients with stage IIIA-NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and durvalumab (SAKK16/14); Introduction: The utility of tumor mutation burden (TMB) as a predictive biomarker for the benefit of an immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy has been debated intensely. Here, we evaluate the association of tumor TMB with clinical outcome in resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemo-immuno-therapy with three cycles of cisplatin/docetaxel followed by treatment with the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab. Methods: Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue samples from 49 patients were processed. Total DNA was extracted and used for TMB. TMB-high was defined as >10 mutations/Mb. TMB was correlated with clinical endpoints using Log-rank (Mantel-Cox) test and Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Results: 68 patients were enrolled and 55 were resected. TMB could be assessed in a total of 49 patients (10 pre-and 39 post-treatment tissue samples). Clinical parameters of these patients were not different from the overall population. TMB was not significantly different in patients with an EFS event after one year compared to patients with no EFS event observed (median TMB 7.5 mutations/Mb in both groups, p =.404). TMB-high patients showed no significant difference in EFS and OS (p =.696 and.824, respectively). No significant difference of TMB based on pCR (p =.057), MPR (p =.843), nodal clearance (p =.230) and nodal down-staging (p =.170) was observed. However, in patients with pCR there was a trend towards higher TMB (median TMB 13.9 versus 6.6 mutations/Mb). Conclusions: Our results suggest that TMB is not associated with clinical outcome after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immunotherapy with durvalumab in patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC.
Proximity between cytotoxic antigenexperienced T cells and tumor cells is associated with improved clinical outcomes in early-stage NSCLC; Background While the development of immunotherapies has improved the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), most patients still fail to respond. Immune cell densities have been utilized to predict clinical responses but have largely failed to do so. However, the spatial distribution and interaction of these cells at the tissue level have been less studied. Here, we performed spatial analysis of the cells within the tumor immune microenvironment in order to evaluate their relationship with clinical outcomes in early-stage NSCLC. Methods Multiplex immunofluorescence was performed on 123 early-stage NSCLC patients from the ICON (Immunogenomic profiling of non-small cell lung cancer) cohort including Cytokeratin (CK), CD3, CD8, CD45RO, FoxP3, CD68, CD20, CD57, Granzyme B (GzmB), PD-1, and PD-L1. Area under the curve (AUC) was calculated using Ripley's L function, which evaluates the degree of spatial proximity of two cell populations, with a high AUC indicating clustering and low AUC indicating scattering. Findings were integrated with clinical parameters. Results Adenocarcinomas demonstrated CD3+PD1+ T cells were closer to CK+ tumor cells (n=60, p=0.035), and B cells were closer to cytotoxic T cells (n=43, p=0.03) than in squamous cell carcinoma. Higher AUC was observed between CD3 +PD1+ T cells (n=56, p=0.035), with cytotoxic antigenexperienced T cells (CD45RO+GzmB+) closer to tumor cells (n=35, p=0.017) in stage I and II compared to stage III tumors. Untreated patient tumors exhibited higher proximity between CD20+ B cells and CD57+ NK cells (n=59, p=0.012), CD3+ T cells and PD-L1+ tumor cells (n=56, p=0.027), and CD68+ macrophages and PD-L1+ tumor cells (n=52, p=0.016) than neoadjuvant chemotherapy-treated patients. Patients with no recurrence presented higher AUC in antigen-experienced CD45RO+GzmB+ T cells and tumor cells (n=36, p=0.006), while those with improved survival demonstrated greater proximity between CD68+ macrophages and PD-L1+ tumors (n=52, p=0.016), CD20+ B cells and GzmB + cells (n=49, p=0.03), and antigen-experienced CD45RO +GzmB+ T cells and tumor cells (n=36, p=0.047). Lastly, patients with improved survival also displayed greater proximity between CD3+CD8+ cytotoxic T cells and PD-L1- epithelial cells (n=76, p=0.04) in tumors versus matched adjacent lungs. Conclusions Overall, our findings shed light on some of the potential cell interactions at play in the tumor microenvironment of early-stage NSCLC patients and suggest cell distributions could be utilized to predict clinical outcomes in earlystage NSCLC patients.
The effect of chemoradiotherapy and tumor histology on the immune contexture of tumordraining lymph nodes in NSCLC; Background Recently, the concept of locally delivered immune modulatory agents (re-)invigorating sub-optimally primed tumor-specific T cells and lifting suppression in the tumor microenvironment (TME) and tumor-draining lymph nodes (TDLN) has gained attention. TDLN play an important role in the induction of tumor-specific effector T cells. It is here that specialized dendritic cell (DC) subsets present tumorderived antigens to naïve T cells and start effective adaptive immune responses to cancer. Unfortunately, TDLN are also rapidly targeted by tumors for immune suppression, which may impair the efficacy of immunotherapy. Currently, there is limited knowledge on the immune contexture of TDLN in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), differences between types of tumor histology, and the influence of standard treatment. Methods In an exploratory study, we collected and analyzed viable cells from TDLN from patients with NSCLC, scheduled for surgical resection. To date, we have analyzed 43 TDLN from a total of 10 patients with multiparameter flowcytometry panels, either untreated or after neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (nCRT). Results Our analyses reveal differences between squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and adenocarcinoma (AC), discernable even within this small cohort. In AC, higher levels of PD-L1 on CD11c+CD1c- LN-resident macrophages and CD1a+ migratory DC were accompanied by a lower activation state of CD8+ T cells by PD-1, CTLA-4 and CD69 expression levels. Furthermore, we found decreased activation of LN-resident DCs (by PD-L1 and CD83 levels) and a striking decrease in PD-1 and CD69 on CD8+ T cells, a decrease in effector and central memory CD8+ T cells, and an increase in naïve CD8 + T cells and Treg subsets after nCRT treatment, the current standard treatment of stage III NSCLC patients. Conclusions These AC/SCC -related differences and nCRTinduced alterations in the immune status of hold clues for future patient stratification and combinatorial design of CRT with immunotherapy.
Integrative immunomics highlight the immunomodulatory impact of neoadjuvant chemotherapy and immune-based treatments in resected non-small-cell lung cancer; Background How neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy modulates tumor immune composition and response is not completely understood. We interrogate immunomodulation of neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy (C), nivolumab (N), and N-plus-C (NC) and their connections to therapeutic efficacy in resected non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) by integrating immunomic data from the ImmunogenomiC PrOfiling of NSCLC (ICON) study and NEOSTAR trial cohorts. Methods In NEOSTAR (NCT03158129), patients with stage IIIIA (single N2) resectable NSCLC (AJCC7th) received N (3 mg/kg IV, D1,15,29); patients with stage IB(≥4cm)-IIIA (single N2) resectable NSCLC received NC (N 360 mg IV plus C, D1,22,43 for 3 cycles, every 3 weeks) before surgery; major pathologic response (MPR) was the primary endpoint. In ICON, patients with stage IB(≥4cm)-IIIA resectable NSCLC received C before surgery. Surgically resected tumor samples underwent immune profiling via flow cytometry (n=16,13,9 for C,N,NC), immunohistochemistry (IHC;n=0,18,14), and multiplexed immunofluorescence (mIF;n=28,16,10). Treatmentassociated immunomodulation and associations with therapeutic efficacy were analyzed using: 1) a shared nearest neighbors- based network we developed linking measurements across datasets; 2) MetaCyto, a specialized cytometry analysis method for identifying cell subsets by clustering. Results We holistically explored the immunomic data by integration across cohorts. Through hierarchical regression of the integrated data, we determined the overall effect of a given treatment controlling for the presence or absence of the other treatment. We examined C's effects across all cohorts controlling for N. Across all patients, regardless of MPR, C is associated with immunosuppression, increasing PD1+ T cell (CD45+CD3+) populations: regulatory (CD4+CD25+FOXP3+), helper (CD4 +), and effector (CD8+) (effect size(ES):1.48,1.61,1.26; q<0.05). C also decreases proliferative (Ki67+) populations: helper and effector T cells as well as NK (CD45+CD3-CD56 +) cells (ES:-1.27,-1.43;-1.36;q<0.05). In patients without MPR (i.e., non-responding patients), immunosuppression appears heightened by increased Ki67+ regulatory T cells (ES:1.86;q<0.05). Conversely, we examined N's effects across all cohorts controlling for C. Across all patients, regardless of MPR, N is associated with immune activation, increasing ICOS+ T cell populations: regulatory, helper, and effector (ES:1.29,1.29,1.47;q<0.05). Comparing N and NC reveals that adding C may drive exhaustion by increasing TIM3+ regulatory, helper and effector T cells (ES:1.16,1.17,1.23; q<0.05), an effect more pronounced in non-responding patients (ES:1.31,1.33,1.35;q<0.05). Conclusions We report the first integrated examination of the immunomodulatory effect of neoadjuvant C and N. C is associated with immunosuppression while N with immune activation; together, N appears to lessen C's suppressive effects. Incorporation of transcriptomics into this integrated network of flow cytometry, mIF, and IHC immune profiling data is ongoing to augment translational insights for neoadjuvant chemo/immunotherapies.
Phase 1 study of mRNA-2752, A lipid nanoparticle encapsulating mRNAs encoding human OX40L/IL-23/IL-36G, for intratumoral (ITU) injection +/-durvalumab in advanced solid tumors and lymphoma; Background mRNA-2752 is a novel mRNA-based therapeutic agent encoding OX40L T cell co-stimulator, IL-23 and IL-36g pro-inflammatory cytokines. Preclinical data demonstrate synergy in combination with PD-L1 blockade. Methods This study evaluated the safety and efficacy of ITu mRNA-2752 administered Q2W up to 7 doses as monotherapy (Arm A) or in combination with the PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab (Arm B) in patients (pts) with palpable tumors or tumors accessible with image guidance. Biomarker analyses included IHC of immune markers, whole transcriptome assessments, and protein evaluations of IL-23, IL-36g and proinflammatory cytokines in pre- and post-treatment tumor biopsies and plasma. A PK/PD model was built to capture the IL- 23 serum concentrations at the Q2W regimen to predict the exposure at the QW regimen to support an exploratory cohort. Results As of 08April 2021, 49 pts were treated: Arm A (n=19) and Arm B (n=30) at doses ranging from 0.25 to 8mg Q2W. Treatment emergent adverse events (TEAEs) occurring in ≥ 10% of pts included Gr 1/2 injection site erythema/ pain/swelling, fever, chills, fatigue, AST/ALT increase, lumbar myalgia, and maculopapular rash. One DLT of cytokine release syndrome was seen at the 8mg dose in Arm B. A squamouscell bladder cancer and DLBCL have achieved confirmed PRs on Arm B, ongoing for 23 and 16 cycles, respectively. Biomarker analyses show increased IL-23 and IL-36γ protein expression, and their respective downstream cytokines IL-22 and IL-6, in tumor and plasma 6-24h after dosing; most cytokines assessed were elevated after treatment. Increased IFNγ and TNFa in tumor and plasma, sustained increases in interferon response genes including PD-L1 and markers of T cell infiltration, and activation in the TME (particularly in pts achieving a PR) indicate pro-inflammatory treatment effects with mRNA-2752 +/- durvalumab. PK/PD modeling showed the Cmax of IL-23 serum concentration of mRNA-2752 at 8mg approached a plateau, and simulations showed increasing the dosing frequency from Q2W to QW vs. dose increase may have a greater effect on increasing drug exposure. Conclusions ITu mRNA-2752 is safe and tolerable when combined with durvalumab. The recommended dose for expansion is 8mg mRNA-2752. Analyses of tumor and plasma biomarkers suggest a sustained treatment effect that includes elevated IFNγ, TNFα, and PD-L1 levels, providing rationale for combination therapy. Enrollment is ongoing in expansion cohorts of TNBC, urothelial cancer, lymphoma, immunecheckpoint refractory melanoma and NSCLC. PK/PD modeling supports QW dosing which is being explored in cutaneous melanoma in the neoadjuvant setting.
Transcriptional landscape of tumor-reactive TIL in lung cancer and melanoma; Background Melanoma and lung cancers have two of the highest response rates to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs).1 However, patients may respond unpredictably, partly due to heterogeneity in the quantity and quality of tumor-specific T cells. In this study, we performed an integrated transcriptomic analysis of anti-tumor CD8+ TIL from non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and melanoma. Our goal was to study the global transcriptomic landscape of tumor-specific T cells and to compare their functional programming in lung cancer vs. melanoma. Methods TIL from 19 patients (15 NSCLC and 3 melanoma) were sequenced using combined single-cell (sc) RNA-seq/TCRseq. All NSCLC patients received neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 (nivolumab, NCT02259621) whereas melanoma patients received a personal neoantigen vaccine (NCT01970358). Neoantigen-, tumor-associated antigen-, and viral-specific CD8+ T cell clonotypes were identified using functional assays and were validated by TCR cloning as previously described.2 3 Transcriptional profiles of antigen-specific T cells were identified using the TCRb CDR3 as a barcode to link with the antigen specificity output from the functional assays. The prevalence, phenotype, and differentiation trajectory of tumorspecific T cells were compared between the two cancer types. Results A total of 175,826 CD8+ TIL were analyzed, of which 30,174 single cells were from the melanoma cohort and 145,652 were from the NSCLC cohort. Tumor-specific T cells were detected at variable frequencies among CD8+ TIL (median=1.2%, range 0.01%-35.8%) across nine patients, with melanoma having more clonal tumor-specific T cells as compared to NSCLC. CD8+ TIL from melanoma were more enriched in an activated tissue resident T cell (TRM) cluster characterized by upregulated expression of CXCL13, CRTAM, 4-1BB, XCL1/2, and FABP5, whereas those from NSCLC have a greater representation of a cytotoxic TRM cluster with an exhaustion signature (coexpression of GZMB, GZMH, PDCD1, and CTLA4). Distinct from EBV-specific T cells and flu-specific T cells, tumor-specific T cells primarily resided in TRM clusters in both cancers. More MANA-specific TIL from melanoma presented with an effector phenotype and were more proliferative as compared to those from NSCLC. To reveal the differentiation trajectory and regulatory programs of tumor-specific T cells upon tumor recognition and association with response to ICIs, pseudotime/velocity analysis of tumorspecific TIL is underway. Conclusions This is the first analysis to inform on the global transcriptomic landscape of tumor-specific CD8+ TIL in lung cancer and melanoma at single cell resolution. This provides a useful framework to study the underlying mechanisms of T cell exhaustion and dysfunction in human cancer.
Development and validation of a neoantigenspecific T cell gene signature to identify antitumor T cells in lung cancer and melanoma; Background Mutation-associated neoantigen (MANA)-specific T cells play a key role in tumor control and response to immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI).1 2 However, the majority of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) are not specific for the tumor.3 Herein, we developed and validated MANAscore, a bioinformatic scoring algorithm based on the transcriptional programs of MANA-specific T cells to isolate antitumor T cells from bystander T cells in lung cancer and melanoma. Methods Combined single-cell (sc) RNA-seq/TCR-seq was performed on TIL obtained from 15 resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients receiving neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 (NCT02259621). MANA-specific clonotypes were identified by coculturing autologous T cells with predicted MANA, and were validated by cloning the full TCR alpha and beta chain as previously described.1 Using the TCRb CDR3 as a barcode, antigen-specific T cells were linked with their intratumoral sc expression profile. Using the first two patients enrolled in the clinical trial as a discovery cohort, MANAscore was developed to identify gene programs that best distinguish MANA-specific vs viral-specific T cells from NSCLC. Prediction performance was assessed in independent patients from the NSCLC and melanoma cohort.2 Seven MANAscorehi TCRs were cloned and queried for reactivity to peptide libraries of putative MANA derived from whole-exome sequencing of the respective tumor. Association of MANAscorehi clones with response to ICIs among all patients was assessed. Results A total of 890 MANA- and 542 viral-specific T cells were identified in sc TIL from six NSCLC patients. MANAand viral-specific TIL presented with unique transcriptional profiles. Particularly, MANA-specific CD8 TIL expressed a partially activated cytolytic program with co-expression of multiple immune checkpoints and upregulated transcriptional regulators of T cell dysfunction. MANAscore showed high prediction accuracy and outperformed CD39 in identifying tumor-reactive T cells in independent NSCLC patients, as well as in an external validation cohort of melanoma patients (3936 MANA-specific T cells and 626 viral-specific T cells from 4 patients). Of seven MANAscorehi clones tested for reactivity, three were confirmed as MANAspecific. The pseudobulk expression profile of MANAscorehiclones showed a significant correlation with response to ICI, which is not observed in total CD8+ TIL. Conclusions MANA-specific TIL demonstrated a distinct gene signature that enabled us to identify de novo antitumor TIL in NSCLC and melanoma. MANAscore may serve as a useful tool in facilitating mechanistic studies of ICI response and resistance.
Sex differences in the transcriptional profiles of mucosal-associated invariant t cells in neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 treated non-small cell lung cancer (Nsclc); Background Mucosal Associated Invariant T Cells (MAIT cells) are unconventional T cells that recognize vitamin B metabolites derived from bacteria and are mainly present in mucosal tissues and peripheral blood.1 Their activation by T Cell Receptor (TCR)-dependent and -independent pathways can result in effector function that can either promote or inhibit cytotoxic effects.2 MAIT cells are known to be involved in the pathogenesis of multiple diseases that involve mucosal tissues, such as non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).2 Recently, studies have shown that disparate outcomes to SARS-CoV-2-infection between males and females may involve a differential activation of MAIT cells in the lung mucosa.3 It is therefore conceivable to hypothesize that sex differences of MAIT cells in NSCLC may also impact outcome, however their involvement in progression and subsequent treatment response of NSCLC has never been explored. Methods To study the transcriptional program of MAIT cells in NSCLC as a function of sex, peripheral blood and tissue biospecimens were obtained from the first-in-human clinical trial of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 (nivolumab) in resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer; NCT02259621.4 Coupled single-cell RNAseq/TCRseq was performed on tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), paired adjacent normal lung, and tumor-draining lymph nodes (TDLN). MAIT cells were identified by expression of SLC4A10 and the invariant TRAV1-2 and TRAJ33/12/ 20 TCR. Computational analysis revealed 4 distinct MAIT cell clusters and differentially expressed genes in the tumors and healthy normal lung of males as compared to females. Results In MAIT cells from females, we found upregulation of CD8A, GNLY, and NKG7 genes. These genes are involved with T cell activation and cytolytic function, suggesting that the activation of these genes in MAIT cells could be contributing towards their cytolytic activity in females. In MAIT cells from males, we found upregulation of PDE3B and PCBP2 genes, which are known to be involved with immunosuppression and downregulation of cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) responses. These findings were consistent in the healthy normal lung, suggesting these transcriptional programs may be due to the normal lung biology and not necessarily a byproduct of carcinogenesis. Conclusions These results highlight the potential for dual characteristics of MAIT cells in neoadjuvant anti-PD-1-treated NSCLCs and provide an important foundation in our study of the often dichotomous responses between males and females to immunotherapy. Future analyses will focus on the interplay of MAIT cells with other cells in the tumor microenvironment (TME) as a function of immunotherapy treatment and clinical response.
Distinct tumor infiltrating treg lineages are associated with response to anti-PD1 checkpoint blockade in non-small cell lung cancer; Background Immune-checkpoint blockade (ICB) has proved a major success, especially in highly mutated tumors such as lung cancer. Nevertheless, not all patients respond to ICB.1 It is possible that regulatory T cells (Tregs) play a role in this lack of response by suppressing tumor-reactive cytotoxic T cells,2 however the specific mechanisms that lead to this suppression remain elusive. Additionally, Tregs are necessary for protection against autoimmune disease3 and broadly depleting them could induce severe immune adverse events. It is therefore necessary to understand the functional programming and suppressive nature of Treg subsets in the tumor microenvironment to define targetable molecules for future biomarkerdriven therapeutics. Methods In this study we performed single cell RNA-sequencing on T cells isolated from resected tissue and peripheral blood from 15 neoadjuvant nivolumab (anti-PD1)-treated and 10 untreated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. We identified and analyzed 71,251 CD4+ FoxP3+ Tregs. Refined clustering was performed, and we used pseudotime and differential gene analyses to understand the transcriptional relationship between clusters and patient groups. We plan to relate our Treg subcluster compositions and enriched gene sets with previously defined mouse models of ICB response as well as human head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). Results With our highly refined clustering approach, we identified 7 distinct Treg clusters that could reflect differing functionalities within the tumor microenvironment. We demonstrate two separate Treg subsets that diverge towards either an activated state, expressing members of the tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) superfamily: OX40, 41BB, GITR, or a resting state. These lineages separate ICB responders from non-responders, whose tumors are enriched in activated Tregs. We plan to stimulate receptors associated with non-response using agonist ligands or antibodies and hypothesize that their induced signaling will result in transcriptional program changes leading to highly suppressive Tregs. Conclusions Together, this study provides an in-depth look at the Treg-derived suppressive mechanisms governing their function in the TME of anti-PD-1-treated vs. untreated tumors. Using biospecimens obtained from the neoadjuvant setting, we were also able to study the impact of PD-1 blockade on Treg intra-tumoral function. This in-depth analysis of tumor Tregs has identified specific targetable biomarkers which could be used to improve ICB response while mitigating off-target immune adverse events by specifically inhibiting a small subset of Tregs without disturbing systemic immune homeostasis.
Phase II clinical study of toripalimab in combination with stereotactic radiotherapy as a neoadjuvant therapy for the treatment of resectable (N1-N2) non-small cell lung cancer; Background Background: Early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) possessed highly local and distant recurrence rates after surgery. Recent studies showed neoadjuvant therapy can improve pathological response and postoperative survival. 1-3 Using immune checkpoint inhibitors as a neoadjuvant treatment could release neoantigens from dying tumour cells and stimulate the priming and expansion of neoantigen-specific T cells in the tumour before surgical resection.4 Previous study indicated radiotherapy combined with chemotherapy as neoadjuvant didn't improve event-free or overall survival in stage III/N2 NSCLC.5 Subsequently, the study of neoadjuvant chemoradiation plus pembrolizumab have demonstrated that radiotherapy can enhance the effect of immunotherapy, achieving better complete pathological response.6Stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) is a precise radiotherapy model that has shown good efficacy in treating early lung cancer, combining with immunetherapy as neoadjuvant therapy for NSCLC may improve pathological response and postoperative survival. Methods This is a prospective, single-center, two-part, phase II study assessing the safety, tolerability and efficacy of SBRT combined with toripalimab as neoadjuvant in patients with stage IIB-IIIA NSCLC without driver mutations (Clinical trial information: ChiCTR2000029277). Eligibility criteria include IIB-IIIA NSCLC (AJCC v8), adequate organ function, and ECOG PS 0 or 1. The primary endpoints were the safety and pathologic response, while the secondary endpoint was the radiographic response, recurrence-free survival and overall survival. The trial also aimed at exploring prognosis biomarkers (included Tumor infiltrates lymphocytes, CD8+Tcell, PD-L1 protein expression, tTMB and the correlation with pathologic response rate). 30 patients will receive SBRT (50 Gy/5 fractions over 5 days)on the first week. Afterwards, all patients will receive 2 cycles of intravenous toripalimab starting on Day15 (240 mg, q3w). Preoperative assessment will be performed two weeks (week 8) before surgery (week 10). In part 1 of the study, 6 patients will be enrolled to determine the safety and feasibility of the combination therapy. Subjects will be followed up for 90 days to observe perioperative adverse events. If the rate of delayed surgery (delay time >37 days) is >90% or the rate of grade 3/4 adverse effects is >70%, the study will be terminated. if not, 24 patients will be enrolled in part 2 of the study. This study is currently open and accruing patients.
Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in Patients with Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Worldwide, lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer morbidity and mortality. Despite a trend towards an escalating diagnosis of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), overall survival (OS) in patients with resectable NSCLC remains poor. The incorporation of chemotherapy into the neoadjuvant setting has improved disease-free survival (DFS), time to distant recurrence, and OS. Furthermore, the incorporation of immunotherapy and the combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy have improved pathological responses, which seems to be associated with increased survival. Therefore, immunotherapy represents a paradigm shift in treating resectable NSCLC. However, validation in large randomized trials is mandatory and a longer postoperative follow-up period is required. Additionally, neoadjuvant therapy trials offer an exceptional environment for testing predictive biomarkers. PD-L1 expression and tumor mutational burden (TMB) are the most helpful tools for predicting the likelihood of response with immunotherapy in metastatic NSCLC. However, in the neoadjuvant setting, PD-L1 expression and TMB have had opposite results until now. Recently, the immune profiling and some immune-related genes also appear to be involved in the prognosis and response to immunotherapy in NSCLC. Further prospective studies are needed to derive definitive conclusions.
Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review; Background: The neoadjuvant use of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is currently an area of active ongoing research. The place of neoadjuvant ICIs in the treatment guidelines needs to be determined. We carried out a systematic review of published data on neoadjuvant ICIs in resectable NSCLC to study its efficacy and safety. Patients and methods: A literature search was carried out using the MEDLINE (PubMed) and Embase databases to retrieve articles and conference abstracts of clinical trials measuring the efficacy [major pathological response (MPR) and pathological complete response (pCR)] and safety (failure to undergo resection, surgical delay, treatment-related adverse events (trAEs) grade ≥3) of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in resectable NSCLC until July 2021. Results: Nineteen studies with a total of 1066 patients were included in this systematic review. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy was associated with improved pathological response rates, especially in combination with chemotherapy. Using mono ICI, dual therapy–ICI, chemoradiation–ICI, radiotherapy–ICI, and chemo–ICI, the MPR rates were 0%-45%, 50%, 73%, 53%, and 27%-86%, respectively. Regarding pCR, the rates were 7%-16%, 33%-38%, 27%, 27%, and 9%-63%, respectively. Safety endpoints using monotherapy–ICI, dual therapy–ICI, chemoradiation–ICI, radiotherapy–ICI, and chemo–ICI showed a failure to undergo resection in 0%-17%, 19%-33%, 8%, 13%, and 0%-46%, respectively. The trAEs grade ≥3 rates were 0%-20%, 10%-33%, 7%, 23%, and 0%-67%, respectively. Conclusion: In patients with resectable NSCLC stage, neoadjuvant immunotherapy can improve pathological response rates with acceptable toxicity. Further research is needed to identify patients who may benefit most from this approach, and adequately powered trials to establish clinically meaningful benefits are awaited.
Invasive stratified mucin-producing carcinoma (ISMC) of the uterine cervix: Clinicopathological and molecular characteristics with special emphasis on the first description of consistent programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-l1) over-expression; Background/Aim: Invasive stratified mucin-producing carcinoma (ISMC) of the uterine cervix has been reported to be more aggressive than other subtypes of endocervical adenocarcinoma. We investigated the clinicopathological and molecular characteristics of eight ISMCs. Patients and Methods: We reviewed the electronic medical records and pathology slides of eight patients with ISMC and conducted programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) immunostaining and targeted sequencing. Results: The patients were between 31 and 54 years. Six tumors were pure ISMCs, and two showed co-existing squamous cell carcinoma and usual-type endocervical adenocarcinoma. Lymph node metastases were detected in three cases. Three patients developed distant metastases to the adnexa, lungs, inguinal lymph nodes, and small intestine. Two patients experienced disease progression, and three developed postoperative local recurrences. All tumors showed PD-L1 over-expression, with a mean combined positive score of 73.8 (range=30-100). One tumor harbored erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2 amplification. Conclusion: ISMC of the uterine cervix exhibits a high risk of recurrence, metastasis, and resistance to chemoradiation therapy. PD-L1 overexpression was consistently observed in all ISMCs. This finding raises the possibility that patients with ISMC may benefit from PD-L1 immunotherapy.
P29.07 A Phase Ib Trial of Neoadjuvant Low-Dose Radiation Therapy, Chemotherapy, and Durvalumab for Potentially Resectable Stage III NSCLC; Introduction: Although PACIFIC regimen definitive concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT) followed by Durvalumab consolidation therapy is considered the standard of care for most of the stage III NSCLC patients, neoadjuvant immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy followed by surgery has shown the trend to be considered for some potentially resectable patients. The rationales for the neoadjuvant treatment are tumor regression effect before surgery, early eradication of micrometastasis. Recently we also find some clinical trials exploring the adding of 45 Gy in 25 fractions radiation to the combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy neoadjuvant therapy and we could see the safety is the most concern, especially the pneumonitis incidence. Low-dose radiation therapy could help control the toxicity induced by radiation and has a synergic effect with immunotherapy. The aim of this phase Ib study is to assess the safety and feasibility of the combination of the concurrent low-dose radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and Durvalumab neoadjuvant therapy, to explore which radiation dose is the best among our three designs and evaluate if the combining neoadjuvant therapy could further improve MPR in the meantime no severe toxicities especially the grade 3-4 pneumonitis would happen. Methods: 9 eligible patients with histologically confirmed NSCLC (potentially resectable clinical stage III according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer 8th staging system) are enrolled. Patients receive Chemo (Day1 and 22 nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel 260 mg/m2 and carboplatin AUC 5 ) and durvalumab (Day 1 and 22, 1500mg) and radiotherapy of 10 Gy in 5 fractions, 20 Gy in 10 fractions, 30 Gy in 15 fractions respectively in our three groups from Day1, followed by surgery. After surgery, patients are suggested to be treated with durvalumab for one year (every 4weeks, 1500 mg). The primary endpoints are safety and tolerability. The secondary endpoints are objective response rate (ORR), event-free survival EFS), overall survival (OS), pathologic complete response (pCR), and major pathologic response(MPR) in the primary tumor. biomarker analysis of PD-L1 using cancer tissue and LIPI (Lung Immune prognostic Index), ctDNA using blood sample will be conducted pre-and post- neoadjuvant and post-surgery. [Formula presented] Results: ▪▪▪ Conclusion: ▪▪▪ Keywords: stage III nonsmall cell lung cancer, neoadjuvant immunotherapy, low dose radiation therapy
ES20.02 Charting a New Path: Defining Better Endpoints in Immune Therapy Trials in Lung Cancer; The use of immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy has transformed the face of lung cancer management. Trials of such agents for metastatic and locally advanced disease have used the traditional endpoint of overall survival (OS) by time-to-event analysis. However, obtaining this endpoint in a randomized trial takes some time and other endpoints are being considered, particularly for the radical or operable setting. To consider the most appropriate endpoint to use for immunotherapy, we must consider the aims of our treatment of lung cancer. For radically treatable disease through surgery is the aim always to improve the cure rate, or is another aim such as delaying recurrence (e.g., disease-free survival) just as clinically meaningful, if it doesn’t correlate with OS? We must also consider the magnitude of the effect size we wish to observe, particularly when using a surrogate endpoint of OS. Here, hazard ratios of 0.85 may not be clinically meaningful anymore, and we need to consider if we are prepared to accept uncertainty in effect by using a surrogate (earlier) endpoint for more rapid regulatory approval. If using a surrogate endpoint, will this give enough information to be able to pass HTA reimbursement value thresholds? We have clear guidance from the regulatory agencies on endpoints to be used for clinical trials. EMA give different definitions of endpoints for phase 1 and 2 trials from confirmatory phase 3 trials, giving a different stance for trials of cytotoxics to those non-cytotoxic based1. They recognize that immunomodulatory treatments may work most effectively where tumour bulk is low, and may take time to generate an defect, indeed with effect occurring post progression, and for phase 3 trials, progression-free survival remains acceptable. In the curative setting, EMA is clear that if event-free survival (EFS) is being used then this is justified under certain conditions and they give clear direction on using surrogates for the (neo)adjuvant setting1. The FDA also gives clear guidance on endpoints, with OS as the gold standard, but may allow other endpoints, recognizing that non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a heterogeneous disease, and the effects of different subsets should be explored2. When immunotherapy is being considered as the investigational medical product, endpoints such as progression-free survival (PFS), objective response rate (ORR) and even OS can have several benefits and risks. Measuring the benefit from immunotherapy can be difficult due to different patterns of benefit, and altered kinetics of benefit from cytotoxic therapy, alongside the heterogenous nature of NSCLC. Several surrogate endpoints e.g., ORR, duration of response, relapse-free survival, major pathological response or complete pathological response can be considered, but each give several benefits, but are prone to biases that need accounting for. The latter pathology-based endpoints have unclear definitions and the IASLC have proposed a structure for their definition3. When considering such surrogate endpoints, we should consider if such surrogates really to result in earlier approval or whether OS-based randomized trials are the main strategy- giving the example of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer4. Finally, if considering disease-free survival (DFS), multiple considerations need to be given. There are multiple emerging endpoints such as minimal residual disease in myeloma and the field of surrogate endpoints continues to evolve5. REFERENCES: 1. EMA. Guideline on the clinical evaluation of anticancer medicinal products. https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/scientific-guideline/draft-guideline-evaluation-anticancer-medicinal-products-man-revision-6_en.pdf 2. FDA. Clinical Trial Endpoints for the Approval of Non- Small Cell Lung Cancer Drugs and Biologics. Published 2015. https://www.fda.gov/media/116860/download 3. Travis WD, Dacic S, Wistuba I, et al. IASLC Multidisciplinary Recommendations for Pathologic Assessment of Lung Cancer Resection Specimens After Neoadjuvant Therapy. Journal of Thoracic Oncology. 2020;15(5):709-740. doi:10.1016/j.jtho.2020.01.005 4. Gill J, Cetnar JP, Prasad V. A Timeline of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor Approvals in Small Cell Lung Cancer. Trends in Cancer. 2020;6(9):736-738. doi:10.1016/j.trecan.2020.05.014 5. EMA. Guideline on the use of minimal residual disease as a clinical endpoint in multiple myeloma studies. https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/scientific-guideline/draft-guideline-use-minimal-residual-disease-clinical-endpoint-multiple-myeloma-studies_en.pdf Keywords: endpoint, Clinical trials, immunotherapy
P31.04 Global Impact of COVID-19 on NSCLC Surgery: Initial Analysis of the CovidSurg-Cancer Study; Introduction: The CovidSurg portfolio of studies collected data on 190,261 patients from 2006 hospitals in 120 countries, including all surgical specialties. We report data regarding surgery for NSCLC in patients at risk of perioperative COVID-19 infection and in COVID-19 affected thoracic surgery hospitals. Methods: Anonymised data, entered prospectively into a web-based database for a three month period in each unit from the first impact of COVID-19, were retrieved. Comparisons were made between patients developing perioperative COVID-19 infection, postoperative pulmonary complications (PPCs) (a composite outcome measure of pneumonia, ARDS, respiratory failure and need for respiratory support), and 30-day mortality. Univariate analyses examined differences between groups. Stepwise multivariate binary logistic regression determined independent predictors. Results: 1,486 patients underwent NSCLC surgery in 83 hospitals across 28 countries between March and July 2020. Preoperative factors associated with perioperative COVID-19 included male gender, underlying respiratory disease, advanced cancer stage, open surgery and absence of a dedicated COVID-free surgical pathway. Perioperative COVID-19 was associated with a 30-day mortality rate of 26%, higher re-operation rate, critical care utilisation and complications (Table 1). In multivariate analyses (Table 2), independent predictors of perioperative COVID-19 included male gender (OR 2.06), pre-existing respiratory disease (OR 2.82), open surgery (OR 2.32), and the lack of a COVID-19 free surgical pathway (OR 3.07). The strongest independent predictor of PPCs was perioperative COVID-19 (OR 7.4), which also predicted 30-day mortality (OR 11.6, Table 2). [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Conclusion: Modifiable factors exist which are associated with a lower rate of COVID-19. These include utilisation of COVID-19 minimised pathways and avoidance of thoracotomy. Analysis of COVID-related protocol deviations and longer term outcomes is ongoing. Keywords: Surgery, non-small cell lung cancer, covid-19
ES09.03 The Role of Biomarkers for Immunotherapy in the Adjuvant and Neoadjuvant Setting; For patients with NSCLC and absence of oncogenic addiction immune checkpoint inhibitors targeting PD1/PD-L1 change the therapeutic field. These treatments became standard of care in metastatic setting and are rapidly emerging in adjuvant and neoadjuvant setting. While more than 50% of patients with operable NSCLC will experience recurrence after surgery, neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy provides only a modest improvement in overall survival and could be highly toxic. Recent clinical trials underline the high rate of major pathological response in neoadjuvant setting and increase progression free survival in adjuvant setting. While such data will rapidly be practice changing immune checkpoint inhibitors are not effective in all patients and like in metastatic setting biomarkers remains unmet need. Various biomarkers are currently testing going from simple clinical biomarkers, to complex genomic and transcriptomic tests. Most biomarkers seem to behave similarly in adjuvant/neoadjuvant setting and in metastatic setting. Clinical patient’s characteristics are important to predict efficacy of adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment. In IMPOWER 10 trial, testing adjuvant treatment with atezolizumab, oncogenic addiction with EGFR mutation or ALK translocation are associated with absence of efficacy of atezolizumab (1). Tumor with EGFR and ALK genomic alteration tumor are frequently poorly infiltrated in CD8 T cells and present poor level of mutations which render them resistant to immune checkpoint inhibitors. PD-L1 is also an important biomarker of efficacy in early NSCLC. In Checkmate 816 trial (2) which tests neoadjuvant chemotherapy versus nivolumab plus chemotherapy underlines that PD-L1 >1% is associated with higher rate of pathological complete response but nivolumab enhance efficacy of chemotherapy in either PD-L1 positive or negative tumors. In contrast in IMPOWER 10 trial (1), atezolizumab improves progression free survival only in patients with PD-L1 positive tumors. Efficacy proportionally increase with PD-L1 expression. Interestingly, similar observation was previously performed in PACIFIC trial (3). Importantly, a post-hoc analysis underlines that durvalumab give survival benefit only in PD-L1 positive patients raising question on this utility in this subset of patients. Smaller studies testing anti PD-1 alone or in association with anti CTLA-4 in neoadjuvant setting observed major responses irrespective of PD-L1 status (4,5). So, PD-L1 expression is an imperfect surrogate marker of hot tumors richly invaded by anti tumoral CD8 T cells. Such data underline the difficulty to use PD-L1 to avoid immune checkpoint inhibitors usage. In addition, PD-L1 assessment in neoadjuvant setting only relies on a tumor biopsy which is an imperfect surrogate marker of PD-L1 expression in the whole tumor. Tumor mutational burden (TMB) represents the total number of mutation found in coding region of cancer cell genome. High number of mutation is correlated with high capacity of cancer cells to present neoantigens, and cancers cells which present high level of neoantigen are more easily recognized by T cells. In CHECKMATE 816 (2) high TMB is associated with better response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy (pathological complete response of 22.44% for TMB low and 30.8% for TMB high). Similarly, in a small study using nivolumab and ipilimumab in neoadjvuvant setting, there was a significant correlation between the pathological response and the pretreatment TMB (5). Additional works are awaiting to determine if HLA status or intratumoral heterogeneity are also important to predict response to adjuvant or neoadjuvant immunotherapy like in metastatic setting. In addition to such classical biomarkers some emerging biomarkers are described in small cohort of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Gut microbiome could influence response to checkpoint inhibitors by different mechanisms like modulation of tumor microenvironement or bacterial mimicry. In NEOSTAR trial (4), higher abundance of Akkermansia in baseline samples of gut microbiote is associated with better response to nivolumab + ipilimumab and is positively correlated with intratumoral immune response. Similarly, Akkermansia was also associated with favorable clinical outcomes in patients with melanoma, NSCLC and renal cell carcinoma receiving immunotherapy in metastatic setting thus confirming the important role of gut microbiota and akkermansia in the response to immunotherapy. References: 1. Wakelee HA et al., ASCO® 2021, Abs #8500 2. Forde PM et al. – AACR® 2021 - CT003 3. Antonia SJ et al. N Engl J Med 2017; 377:1919-1929 4. Cascone T et al. Nat Med 2021; 27 :504–514 5. Forde PM et al. N Engl J Med 2018 Keywords: Neoadjuvant, biomarkers, checkpoint inhibitors
P47.02 EV-202: Phase 2 Study of Enfortumab Vedotin for Previously Treated Advanced Solid Tumors Including Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Despite therapeutic advances, lung cancer remains a leading cause of cancer death worldwide. Nectin-4, a cell adhesion molecule, is highly expressed in several epithelial tumor types, including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Targeting Nectin-4 in NSCLC provides a novel treatment approach. Enfortumab vedotin (EV) is an antibody-drug conjugate comprised of a fully human monoclonal antibody directed against Nectin-4, and monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE), a microtubule-disrupting agent, attached to the antibody via a protease-cleavable linker. MMAE release within the cell disrupts the microtubule network, inducing cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. In 2019, EV received accelerated approval by the US FDA for the treatment of adults with locally advanced/metastatic urothelial carcinoma (la/mUC) who have previously received a PD-1/L1 inhibitor and a platinum-containing chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant/adjuvant, locally advanced or metastatic setting. In EV-301, a phase 3, randomized clinical trial of patients with previously treated la/mUC, EV significantly prolonged overall survival compared with chemotherapy (docetaxel, paclitaxel, or vinflunine). This trial-in-progress describing general methodology for all cohorts was presented at the 2020 ASCO Annual Meeting. Methods: This multicohort, open-label phase 2 study (NCT04225117) evaluates efficacy and safety/tolerability of EV in patients with previously treated locally advanced/metastatic solid tumors. Approximately 240 patients (∼40 patients/cohort) with histologically/cytologically confirmed disease and ECOG performance status of ≤1 are enrolling into six tumor-specific cohorts (Figure). Within the NSCLC cohorts, patients must have previously received mutation-targeted therapy (if eligible) and progressed, relapsed, or discontinued treatment due to toxicity after one platinum-based therapy for locally advanced/metastatic disease, but received ≤2 lines of cytotoxic therapy, or have progressed or relapsed within 6 months of a platinum-based neoadjuvant, adjuvant, concomitant chemoradiation regimen for early stage or locally advanced disease. Patients must have previously received therapy with a PD-1/L1 inhibitor, unless therapy is contraindicated. Nectin-4 expression is not required for eligibility and is being tested for exploratory outcomes. Patients with active CNS metastases, grade ≥2 sensory/motor neuropathy, ongoing grade ≥3 immunotherapy-related hypothyroidism or panhypopituitarism, ongoing immunotherapy-related adverse events requiring high-dose steroids, or a history of uncontrolled diabetes mellitus are excluded. Patients will receive 1.25-mg/kg EV intravenously on Days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28-day cycle. The primary endpoint is investigator-assessed confirmed objective response rate (RECIST v1.1); secondary endpoints include duration of response, disease control rate, progression-free and overall survival, and safety/tolerability. An interim analysis is planned based upon prespecified response criteria. Recruitment is ongoing at ∼50 sites in North America and Japan. [Formula presented] Results: ▪▪▪ Conclusion: ▪▪▪ Keywords: Novel Therapeutics, Targeted Therapies
OA20.02 Pre-Treatment Levels of ctDNA for Long-Term Survival Prediction in Stage IIIA NSCLC Treated With Neoadjuvant Chemo-Immunotherapy; Introduction: There are currently no predictive biomarkers for long-term survival after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. However, the identification of non-small lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who obtain long-term benefit from chemoimmunotherapy is essential to optimize therapies. Methods: Using samples from NADIM clinical trial (NCT03081689), in which resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients were treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy with nivolumab, we have evaluated the capacity of ctDNA levels before treatment initiation to predict overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) by calculating Harrell’s C-statistic and we compare its predictive value with classical survival surrogates as the pathological response and clinical response assessed according to RECIST criteria v.1.1. The ctDNA was analyzed by NGS, using the Oncomine Pan-Cancer Cell-Free Assay™ (Thermo Fisher Scientific®). To explore the prognostic value of the amount of ctDNA at baseline, for each positive plasma sample, we calculated the sum of the mutant allele frequency (MAF) for all detected mutations. Patients who died from COVID19 were excluded from this analysis. Results: In our study, clinical responses based on RECIST criteria were not predictive for OS or PFS. On the contrary, in the multivariate analysis, patients with low ctDNA levels (<1% MAF), in the baseline sample, had significantly improved PFS and OS than patients in whom the opposite situation occurred (adjusted HR: 0.22; 95%CI: 0.06-0.75; P=0.016 and adjusted HR: 0.04; 95%CI: 0.00-0.45; P=0.008 for PFS and OS, respectively). The adjusted C-statistic (c) to predict PFS for ctDNA was 0.68 (95%CI: 0.51-0.84), which was superior to that of RECIST criteria (c=0.61; 95%CI: 0.45-0.78) and similar to that of pathological response (c=0.68; 95%CI: 0.52-0.84). Similarly, baseline ctDNA levels predicted OS (c=0.85; 95%CI: 0.72-0.99) better than RECIST criteria (c=0.68; 95%CI: 0.44-0.93). Conclusion: Pre-treatment ctDNA levels predicted more accurately long-term survival than radiological assessments in NADIM study and might be useful for the design of new clinical trials.
P03.01 Pathologic Response to Neoadjuvant PD-1 Inhibitors and Chemotherapy in Squamous Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Several randomized studies have shown that the combination of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor and chemotherapy is efficacious as a treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), however, in the neoadjuvant setting, there is scarce evidence of the effectiveness and safety of the combinations in squamous NSCLC. We conducted a retrospective study to evaluate neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy in resectable squamous NSCLC. Methods: Patients from Beijing Chest Hospital, Capital Medical University between October 2019 and March 2021 treated with PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy for resectable squamous NSCLC were retrospectively studied. The primary objectives were to assess the pathological tumor response and safety of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy. Results: 27 patients with resectable squamous NSCLC stage IIA-IIIB were included. One to four cycles of PD-1 inhibitors (10 cases with camrelizumab, 10 cases with toripalimab, 3 cases with tislelizumab, 3 cases with sintilimab, and one case with pembrolizumab) and chemotherapy were administered prior to surgery. 15 patients (55.6%) achieved a major pathologic response (MPR), including eight (29.6%) with a pathologic complete response (pCR). 18 patients (66.6%) experienced grade 3 or higher neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs), and no patient had grade 5 TRAE. [Formula presented] Conclusion: Neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy is a feasible therapy in resectable squamous NSCLC. It was associated with 55.6% MPR rate and tolerable toxicity. Keywords: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy, Squamous Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer, programmed death-1 Inhibitors
MA09.02 SAKK 16/14 - T-Cell Receptor Repertoire Metrics Predict Response to Neoadjuvant Durvalumab in Patients With Stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC; Introduction: T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire assessment in blood and tissue has emerged as a novel predictive marker for response to immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy in advanced stage cancers. However, its relevance and predictive significance in the setting of resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has yet to be demonstrated. Here, we performed TCR sequencing in patients from the phase 2 trial SAKK 16/14 undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin/docetaxel followed by treatment with the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab. Methods: A total of 127 peripheral blood samples and 67 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue samples were processed from 67 patients before and after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immunotherapy treatment in the trial SAKK 16/14. Total RNA was extracted from peripheral blood and FFPE samples and used for TCR sequencing with the Oncomine TCR Beta-LR and SR Assays, respectively. TCR evenness, Shannon diversity, and TCR richness were calculated and correlated with the primary endpoint event-free survival (EFS) after 1 year, major pathological response (MPR), and nodal clearance. Tumor mutational burden (TMB) was assessed in tissue samples from extracted genomic DNA using the FoundationOne test or the Oncomine Comprehensive Assay Plus. Association between TCR metrics and clinical outcome data were analyzed using Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Analysis was performed using R (R Core Team, 2014). Results: TCR repertoire could be assessed in a total of 97 peripheral blood (47 pre- and 50 post-treatment) and 64 FFPE (15 pre- and 49 post-treatment) samples. In pre-treatment peripheral blood samples, TCR evenness (p=0.032) was associated with 1 year EFS. In FFPE post-treatment samples, 1 year EFS as well as MPR were significantly associated with increased TCR richness (p=0.0168 and 0.0134) and Shannon diversity (p=0.0278 and p=0.0334). Furthermore, nodal clearance was significantly associated with TCR richness and Shannon diversity in post-treatment tissue samples (p=0.0015, p=0.0087). In contrast, TMB was not associated with EFS, MPR or nodal clearance (p=0.91, p=0.47, p=0.52). Conclusion: Our results show that TCR repertoire measured in peripheral blood samples and tumor tissue may provide a useful tool for predicting risk of recurrence after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immunotherapy with durvalumab in patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC. Keywords: T-cell receptor repertoire, neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor, tumor mutational burden
P15.01 Phase II Prospective Study of Adjuvant Pembrolizumab in N2 Positive NSCLC Treated With Neoadjuvant CCRT Followed by Surgery; Introduction: Nearly one third of patients with newly diagnosed NSCLC is presented at locally advanced stage. Among these patients, standard treatment option for stage IIIA-N2 subgroup is still under discussion with controversies. We hypothesize that immune checkpoint inhibitor consolidation therapy could have an additional role in prolongation of the disease-free survival (DFS) for stage IIIA-N2 NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CCRT) followed by surgery. Methods: This is a phase 2 study evaluating the clinical efficacy and safety of pembrolizumab treatment after CCRT with curative resection in stage IIIA-N2 NSCLC patients (NCT03053856). Patients were treated with five cycles of CCRT, weekly paclitaxel (50mg/m2) and cisplatin (25mg/m2) combined with radiotherapy (total of 44Gy over 22 fractions) followed by curative resection. Adjuvant Pembrolizumab (200mg fixed dose) is applied every three weeks up to 2 years or until disease recurrence after the surgery. The primary objective is disease-free survival. The first patient was recruited in October 2017, and this abstract reports the updated follow up data with cutoff date of March 31st, 2021. Results: Total of 40 patients were screened, and 37 patients received treatment. Median age was 64 years (range 39-74), and twenty-three were male (62.2%). As a curative surgery, patients received lobectomy (n=34, 91.9%), bi-lobectomy (n=2, 5.4%), or pneumonectomy (n=1, 2.7%). Adenocarcinoma was predominant (n=27, 73.0%). Activating EGFR mutation was observed in 9 patients (24.3%) and ALK fusion in 1 patient (2.7%). After the neoadjuvant CCRT, down-staging were observed in nine patients (24.3%). The total of 12 patients (32.4%) completed planned 2 years of adjuvant pembrolizumab. Among the 25 patients, 18 patients (48.6%) discontinued treatment due to disease recurrence, 4 patients (10.8%) due to the adverse events and 3 patients (8.1%) withdraw the consent. The median follow-up duration was 33.4 months (95% confidential interval [CI] 30.2-36.7), and patients received a median of 19 cycles (range 1-35) of adjuvant pembrolizumab. Disease progression was observed in 20 patients. Median DFS was 19.3 months (95% CI 12.9 – NA). DFS rate was 64.9% at 12 months, 45.9% in 24 months, and 40.8% in 36 months. Median overall survival is not reached. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that adjuvant pembrolizumab monotherapy in stage IIIA-N2 patients after neoadjuvant CCRT and surgery is feasible and safe with more than 40% of patients showing disease free survival at 36 months. Keywords: N2, Pembrolizumab, adjuvant
MA09.01 LCMC3: Immune Cell Subtypes Predict Nodal Status and Pathologic Response After Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable NSCLC; Introduction: In the Phase II LCMC3 (NCT02927301) trial of neoadjuvant atezolizumab in 181 patients with resectable Stage IB-IIIB NSCLC, 21% (30/144) experienced major pathologic response (MPR). This study incorporated a broad array of clinical, molecular and immunologic analyses to identify predictive biomarkers. In this study, we explored whether the immunophenotype of peripheral white blood cells would be potentially predictive of MPR and baseline nodal status. Methods: We performed 10-color, 60-marker IMMUNOME flow cytometry on pretreatment peripheral blood from samples processed within 72 hours with available MPR assessments, excluding patients in whom tumors had known EGFR and ALK mutations. A total of 115 pretreatment blood samples were analyzed in training (n=59) and testing (n=56) sets using an approach based on generalized additive models and regularized regression (LASSO) and correlated with MPR. Cell subsets detected in <50% of samples were excluded. An information divergence-based algorithm scored the remaining features, selecting 188 of 1163 total features for MPR correlation and 190 of 1163 features for N0 vs N1/N2 correlation. A multi-parametric model was built on the training set and validated on the testing set. Features were further filtered using either a χ2 test for low frequency subsets or a t test or non-parametric test for more frequent subsets. Robustness of the cell subset selection was cross-validated and significance was tested in the training set. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves tested the discriminative power of the selected model. Results: Subsets of natural killer (NK) and NK-like T cells were associated with absence of MPR. Higher frequencies of subsets of ILT2+ NKG2A+ and ILT2+ NKG2A− NK cells (ILT2+ CD3- CD56+ CD16+) and subsets of ILT2+ NK-like T cells (ILT2+ CD3+ CD56+ CD16+) in pretreatment peripheral blood were observed (area under the curve [AUC]: training set, 0.98; testing set, 0.74). Higher frequencies of subsets of NKG2D+ NK cells with or without CD355+ were significantly associated with nodal involvement. Further, higher frequencies of subsets of NKG2D+ NK-like T cells and NKG2D+ T cells were associated with absence of nodal involvement (AUC: training set, 0.97; testing set, 0.70). Conclusion: Lower frequencies of ILT2+NKG2A+ and ILT2+NKG2A− NK cells, and ILT2+ NK-like T cells in pretreatment peripheral blood were significantly associated with MPR in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant atezolizumab, suggesting a negative role for the ILT2/HLA-G and/or NKG2A/HLA-E axis in response. NKG2D expression on NK cells correlated with nodal involvement, while expression on NK-like T cells and T cells correlated with absence of nodal involvement, suggesting a role for the NKG2D/NKG2D-L axis in tumor immune escape. These immunophenotyping data identify novel potential mechanisms of immune escape, and new potential biomarkers and therapy targets. Studies of anti-PD-L1/PD-1 effects on cross talk between immune cells in the tumor microenvironment, and other clinical and molecular features, including analysis of bulk and single cell RNAseq in a subset of the patients, are ongoing. Keywords: resectable NSCLC, atezolizumab, immunophenotype
Comparison of surgical difficulty in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer under different neoadjuvant treatment modes: A retrospective cohort study; Background: Previous studies have reported on the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant use of a programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) antibody, sintilimab, in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This study aimed to further evaluate the difficulty of this surgery and the postoperative complication rates in patients with NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant sintilimab. Methods: Patients who received neoadjuvant sintilimab (200 mg) in the Department of Thoracic Surgery, National Cancer Center/National Clinical Research Center for Cancer/Cancer Hospital from March 2018 to March 2019 were enrolled in the neoadjuvant immunotherapy group (NI group). Another two cohorts who did not receive sintilimab were retrospectively selected by propensity score matching (PSM) at a ratio of 1:1 in the upfront surgery (M-US) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy (M-NC) groups. The postoperative complication rate, postoperative days (PODs), and other detailed objective indicators were compared by t-test or χ2 test. Results: Thirty-seven patients were enrolled in each group. Postoperative complications were greater in the NI group (37.8%) than in the M-US (10.8%; P=0.013) or in the M-NC group (16.2%; P=0.036). The number of PODs (7) was greater in the NI group than in the M-US group (P=0.005). The total number of dissected lymph nodes was lower in the NI group than in the M-US group (P<0.001) or in the M-NC group (P<0.001). Lymph node dissection (LND) in the NI group was more difficult than in the M-US group (P=0.015), but intrathoracic adhesion, tumor invasion, and whole procedure difficulty were similar. Conclusions: The administration of neoadjuvant sintilimab increased complications but did not increase the difficulty of surgery. Fewer lymph nodes were dissected in the NI group.
EXPRESSION PROFILES of IMMUNE MARKERS AS PREDICTORS of SURVIVAL in SURGICALLY-TREATED NSCLC; Background Surgery is the treatment of choice for early and for some locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Ipsilateral hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes are generally removed at the time of tumor resection. There is now increased awareness about the physiological role of lymph nodes in cancer. We investigated the expression profiles of immune-related markers in matched tumor tissue, affected and unaffected N1 and N2 lymph nodes in patients with NSCLC and their relation to survival. Materials and Methods Internal hospital databases were screened for surgically-treated NSCLC patients with documented relapse or long-term disease-free survival (defined as 3 years). Data on patients' age, sex, surgery, (neo)adjuvant therapy, tumor characteristics and time and location of relapse was extracted. FFPE tissue blocks of primary tumor, affected and unaffected lymph nodes were collected. mRNA was extracted from these tissues and expression profiling of 751 immune-related genes was performed using the PanCancer IO 360 panel by NanoString Technologies. Results A total of 754 NSCLC patients were screened. Of these, 71 patients showed long-term disease-free survival and 80 patients had local or systemic relapse within 3 years after surgery. Expression profiles of immune-related genes in tumor and lymph node immune populations differed between patients with and without 3-year disease-free survival. Conclusions Expression profiles of immune-related genes differ between patients with and without relapse. Our findings show that differences in expression profiles of immune-related genes in tumor and lymph nodes should be taken into account when assessing patient prognosis.
Heterogeneity of PD-L1 expression between invasive and lepidic components of lung adenocarcinomas; The dynamics of PD-L1 expression are poorly understood over the development of lung adenocarcinomas from pre-invasive lesions to fully invasive carcinomas. Given the importance of PD-L1 expression for the selection of patients to receive immunotherapy in the metastatic setting and possibly in the neoadjuvant setting, we sought to evaluate the agreement of PD-L1 expression in invasive and lepidic components of resected tumor specimens. We stained 86 adenocarcinomas for PD-L1 using the SP263 clone. We assessed the agreement of PD-L1 expression by tumor cells and immune cells between lepidic and invasive components. When both lepidic and invasive components were considered, PD-L1 positive immune cells and tumor cells were observed in 50 (58.1%) and 18 (20.9%) samples, respectively, using a ≥ 1% PD-L1 expression cutoff. Using a ≥ 1% cutoff for PD-L1 expression, positively stained tumor cells were observed in 11 (13%) lepidic and 15 (17%) invasive patterns, with agreement in 76 (88%) specimens and disagreement in 10 (12%) specimens (ĸ = 0.549). At ≥ 1% PD-L1 expression cutoff, PD-L1 positive immune cells were observed in 31 (35%) lepidic and 32 (37%) invasive patterns with an agreement of PD-L1 expression in 49 (57%) specimens and disagreement in 37 (43%) specimens (ĸ = 0.073). In our study of early stage adenocarcinomas of the lung, there was poor agreement in PD-L1 expression between paired invasive and lepidic components of tumors. Our data suggest that the non-invasive tumor components may not be as immunostimulatory as the invasive components, resulting in less adaptive expression of PD-L1.
ERAS 2.0: Continued Refinement of an Established Enhanced Recovery Protocol for Esophagectomy; Background: We have previously demonstrated that implementing an enhanced recovery protocol (ERP) improved outcomes after esophagectomy. We sought to examine if, after a decade of an established ERP, further improvements in postoperative outcomes could be made after continually optimizing and revising the pathway. Methods: Patients undergoing esophagectomy for cancer from January 2019 to January 2020 were compared with our early-experience group within the initial ERP (June 2010–May 2011) and pre-ERP traditional care (June 2009–May 2010). The original ERP was initiated on June 2010 and underwent several revisions from 2014 to 2018, incorporating the following, amongst other elements: shorten the planned length of stay from 7 to 6 days, elimination of nasogastric tubes, use of soft closed-suction chest drains, and increased application of minimally invasive esophagectomy (MIE). Thirty-day outcomes (complications, length of stay, readmission) were compared for patients undergoing esophagectomy during the initial and most recent ERPs. Results: Overall, 175 patients were identified; 47 underwent esophagectomy before ERP implementation (traditional care), 59 patients underwent esophagectomy after implementation of the original ERP, and 69 patients underwent esophagectomy after the most recent ERP (ERP 2.0). The groups were similar with respect to age, sex, and diagnosis. There were three times more MIEs in the ERP 2.0 group with a shorter median length of stay (7 [6–9] vs. 8 [7–17] vs. 10 [9–17]; p < 0.001) without impacting postoperative morbidity or readmission rate. Conclusion: Continued evaluation of institutional outcomes after esophagectomy should be performed to identify target areas for optimization and revision of established enhanced recovery protocols. ERPs are dynamic processes that can be further refined to yield greater improvements in outcomes.
Modified McKeown minimally invasive esophagectomy for esophageal cancer: A retrospective study of 376 patients at a single institution; Objective: Minimally invasive esophagectomy (MIE) was first implemented in 1992 and various MIEs have been performed subsequently. The modified McKeown MIE that includes thoracoscopic and laparoscopic procedures with left neck anastomosis has been implemented in our institution since 2006. We herein report our first 5-year experience in 376 consecutive patients undergone the modified McKeown MIE for esophageal cancer to evaluate perioperative outcomes and survival. Methods: A total of 376 patients underwent a modified McKeown MIE from March 2016 to March 2021 at Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine. Patient demographics and perioperative outcomes were collected and assessed, and overall survival and disease-free survival were analyzed. Results: All procedures were completed successfully with no conversions to open surgery. The median operative time was 240 min, and the median blood loss was 100 mL. The median number of harvested lymph nodes was 29, the median number of harvested thoracic lymph nodes was 18, and of harvested abdominal nodes was 10. The 30-day mortality rate was 0.27% and complications occurred in 133 (35.4%) patients. The median follow-up period was 19 (1–60) months, and 244 patients completed more than 1 year of follow-up. The 1-year overall survival and disease-free survival were 79.5% and 73.8%, respectively. Conclusion: The modified McKeown MIE is safe and feasible for esophageal cancer, offering satisfactory perioperative outcomes and acceptable oncologic survival.
1164P Whole-course management of surgical NSCLC patients based on ctDNA detection: Neo-adjuvant treatment efficacy prediction and postoperative recurrence monitoring; Background: Neo-adjuvant therapy (NAT) could increase the pathological complete response (pCR) rate of patients with surgical NSCLC, which may improve long-term survival. However, the methods for predicting the efficacy of NAT and postoperative recurrence monitoring are still lacking. Analysis of ctDNA may provide a solution. Methods: To design a ctDNA monitor for NSCLC, we started with including all exons covering known driver genes from the COSMIC database. Then, using in-house sequencing data from 1577 patients with NSCLC profiled by 3D medicines, we applied an iterative algorithm to maximize the coverage of patients while controlling panel size. NATs for patients included chemotherapy (C), nivolumab plus chemotherapy (NC) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI). Blood samples were collected at baseline, during the NAT phase and the postoperative phase. Categorical variables were compared by Fisher exact test. Kaplan-Meier curves of recurrence-free survival (RFS) was analyzed by a Log-rank test with the hazard ratio (HR) determined from a Cox proportional hazards regression model with SPSS 24.0. Significant difference was defined as p<0.05. Results: A total of 25 patients were included for analysis, including 20 (80%) males and five (20%) females. Eight patients received C, 12 patients received NC and five patients received NI as NATs, respectively. 22 patients received surgery and were followed for up to two years. A total of 117 blood samples were sequenced. Patients without detectable ctDNA (ctDNA-) after NATs achieved better ORR (100% vs. 53.3%, p=0.02), pCR (55.6% vs. 15.4%, p=0.07) and major pathological response (MPR) (66.7% vs 23.1%, p=0.08) compared with patients with detectable ctDNA (ctDNA+). Patients with ctDNA- at one-week after surgeries showed an improved RFS (not reach (NR) vs. 8.47 months; HR, 5.37; 95%CI, 1.27-22.67; p=0.01) compared with patients with ctDNA+. Patients with ctDNA- at three-month after surgeries showed an even better RFS (NR vs. 8.63 months; HR, 13.01; CI, 1.49-113.23; p<0.01) than patients with ctDNA+. Conclusions: Analysis of ctDNA could effectively predict the efficacy of neo-adjuvant therapy and monitor recurrence. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: L. Cui: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: 3D Medicines. S. Song: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: 3D Medicines. J. Wang: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: 3D Medicines. X. Zhang: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: 3D Medicines. X. Zhao: Financial Interests, Institutional, Full or part-time Employment: 3D Medicines. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
1151MO Pathological response is an independent factor of overall survival and disease-free survival after neoadjuvant durvalumab in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the IFCT-1601 IONESCO phase II trial; Background: Major pathological response after neoadjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy for early-stage NSCLC has been shown to predict survival. This has not been demonstrated for neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors. In IONESCO multicenter phase II trial, 3 cycles of durvalumab were administered in stage IB>4cm–IIIA, non N2 resectable NSCLC (TNM 8th edition) before surgery. We report here the updated analysis on disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) and their association with residual viable tumor cells (RVT). Methods: Tissue specimens from patients who underwent neoadjuvant durvalumab and complete surgical resection were retrospectively evaluated by two pathologists blinded to patient outcomes. Specimens were reviewed for the degree of pathologic response i.e. % of RVT in the primary tumor and in any involved lymph nodes. The relationship between % of RVT as a continuous variable and outcomes (OS and DFS) was analyzed using a Cox regression model including patient characteristics (age, gender, PS, smoking status), histology, PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS), stage and surgical procedure. Results: 50 pts were included. 46 were eligible and received durvalumab, 43 operated, 67.4% males, median age, 61 yr; all ECOG PS 0-1; 98% (ex-)smokers; 23 adenocarcinoma, 19 squamous; clinical stages IB/IIA/IIB/IIIA = 5/13/27/1; 15 TPS ≥1%. Median % of RVT was 36.11. Median OS and DFS were not reached; 18-m OS: 89.1% [95% CI: 75.8-95.3] 18-m DFS: 73.7% [95% CI: 58.4-84.1]. In the multivariate prognostic analysis, for increasing value of % of RVT, OS and DFS were poorer (HR [95%CI]: 1.05 [1.00-1.10] p=0.04 and 1.06 [1.01-1.11] p=0.02, respectively). Conclusions: The IFCT-1601 IONESCO trial showed for the first time that the extent of pathological response to a neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor is an independent prognostic factor of OS and DFS in NSCLC. Clinical trial identification: NCT03030131. Legal entity responsible for the study: French Cooperative Thoracic Intergroup (IFCT). Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: M. Wislez: Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Funding: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Roche; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: BMS; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Novartis; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Novartis; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Lilly; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Merck KGaA; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Merus; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: GSK; Non-Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Boeringher Ingelheim. J. Mazieres: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Daiichi; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Pierre Fabre; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Pierre Fabre. G. Zalcman: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: BMS; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Meeting attendance reimbursement: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: Da Volterra; Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Role: Inventiva; Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: AbbVie; Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: GSK; Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: BMS; Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Principal Investigator: Da Volterra. O. Molinier: Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Amgen; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Teaching: Menarini. V. Westeel: Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Honoraria: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Honoraria: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Role: Takeda; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Speaker’s Bureau: Roche; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Boehringer Ingelheim; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: MSD; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel, Accomodation, Expenses: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel, Accomodation, Expenses: BMS; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel, Accomodation, Expenses: Pfizer; Financial Interests, Personal, Other, Travel, Accomodation, Expenses: Roche. D. Damotte: Financial Interests, Institutional, Advisory Board: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Personal and Institutional, Research Grant: AstraZeneca; Financial Interests, Institutional, Research Grant: Roche; Financial Interests, Personal, Advisory Board: MSD. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Smoking signature is superior to programmed death-ligand 1 expression in predicting pathological response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in lung cancer patients; Background: There is a paucity of biomarkers that can predict the degree of pathological response [e.g., pathological complete response (pCR) or major response (pMR)] to immunotherapy. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy provides an ideal setting for exploring responsive biomarkers because the pathological responses can be directly and accurately evaluated. Methods: We retrospectively collected the clinicopathological characteristics and treatment outcomes of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who received neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemo-immunotherapy followed by surgery between 2018 and 2020 at a large academic thoracic cancer center. Clinicopathological factors associated with pathological response were analyzed. Results: A total of 39 patients (35 males and 4 females) were included. The most common histological subtype was lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC) (n=28, 71.8%), followed by lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) (n=11, 28.2%). After neoadjuvant treatment, computed tomography (CT) scan-based evaluation showed poor agreement with the postoperatively pathological examination (weighted kappa =0.0225; P=0.795), suggesting the poor performance of CT scans in evaluating the response to immunotherapy. Importantly, we found that the smoking signature displayed a better performance than programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression in predicting the pathological response (area under the curve: 0.690 vs. 0.456; P=0.0259), which might have resulted from increased tumor mutational burden (TMB) and/or microsatellite instability (MSI) relating to smoking exposure. Conclusions: These findings suggest that CT scan-based evaluation is not able to accurately reflect the pathological response to immunotherapy and that smoking signature is a superior marker to PD-L1 expression in predicting the benefit of immunotherapy in NSCLC patients.
Smoking signature is superior to programmed death-ligand 1 expression in predicting pathological response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in lung cancer patients; Surgery is the main treatment in stage I-IIIA NSCLC. Several phase 3 randomized adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials with platinum-based chemotherapy were performed in stage I, II and III A NSCLC. These trials demonstrated a significant 5% benefit in 5y-survival estimated with adjuvant or neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in stage II and IIIA. This benefit was confirmed in two meta-analyses of individual participant data. Conversely for the stage I the benefit of chemotherapy was suggested only for tumors > 4 cm. Lung-ART/IFCT-0503 trial did show the lack of benefit for adjuvant radiotherapy for N2 patients. The perioperative impact of targeted treatments in NSCLC with molecular alterations is actually suggested by one study in patients with EGFR mutations. Finally, the role of immune checkpoints inhibitors is currently evaluated in neoadjuvant and adjuvant phase 3 trials. Preliminary results are encouraging. © 2021 SPLF. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Transcriptional programs of neoantigen-specific TIL in anti-PD-1-treated lung cancers; PD-1 blockade unleashes CD8 T cells1, including those specific for mutation-associated neoantigens (MANA), but factors in the tumour microenvironment can inhibit these T cell responses. Single-cell transcriptomics have revealed global T cell dysfunction programs in tumour-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL). However, the majority of TIL do not recognize tumour antigens2, and little is known about transcriptional programs of MANA-specific TIL. Here, we identify MANA-specific T cell clones using the MANA functional expansion of specific T cells assay3 in neoadjuvant anti-PD-1-treated non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC). We use their T cell receptors as a ‘barcode’ to track and analyse their transcriptional programs in the tumour microenvironment using coupled single-cell RNA sequencing and T cell receptor sequencing. We find both MANA- and virus-specific clones in TIL, regardless of response, and MANA-, influenza- and Epstein–Barr virus-specific TIL each have unique transcriptional programs. Despite exposure to cognate antigen, MANA-specific TIL express an incompletely activated cytolytic program. MANA-specific CD8 T cells have hallmark transcriptional programs of tissue-resident memory (TRM) cells, but low levels of interleukin-7 receptor (IL-7R) and are functionally less responsive to interleukin-7 (IL-7) compared with influenza-specific TRM cells. Compared with those from responding tumours, MANA-specific clones from non-responding tumours express T cell receptors with markedly lower ligand-dependent signalling, are largely confined to HOBIThigh TRM subsets, and coordinately upregulate checkpoints, killer inhibitory receptors and inhibitors of T cell activation. These findings provide important insights for overcoming resistance to PD-1 blockade.
Perioperative therapy for non-small cell lung cancer with immune checkpoint inhibitors; The emergence of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) has dramatically changed the treatment landscape for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). These achievements inspired investigators and pharmaceutical companies to conduct clinical trials in patients with early-stage NSCLC because both adjuvant and neoadjuvant platinum-based doublet chemotherapies (PT-DCs) showed only a 5% improvement in 5-year overall survival. IMpower010, a phase 3 trial (P3), showed that adjuvant PT-DC followed by maintenance atezolitumab significantly prolonged disease-free survival over adjuvant PT-DC alone (hazard ratio, 0.79; stage II to IIIA). Since conventional therapies, including chemotherapy and radiotherapy, can promote immunogenic cell death, releasing tumour antigens from dead tumour cells, ICI combination therapies with conventional therapies are widely proposed. The Checkmate 816 trial (P3) indicated a significantly higher pathological complete response rate of neoadjuvant nivolumab/PT-DC combination therapy than of neoadjuvant PT-DC alone (odds ratio, 13.9, for stage IB to IIIA). Detection of circulating tumour DNA is highly anticipated for the evaluation of minimal residual disease. Multimodal approaches and new ICI agents are being attempted to improve the efficacy of ICI treatment in phase 2 trials. This review presents the development of perioperative treatment using ICIs in patients with NSCLC while discussing problems and perspectives.
A Network Meta-Analysis of Cancer Immunotherapies Versus Chemotherapy for First-Line Treatment of Patients With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and High Programmed Death-Ligand 1 Expression; In the absence of head-to-head trials of first-line treatments for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), synthesis of available evidence is needed. We conducted a systematic literature review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in patients with stage IV NSCLC and high programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression. Patients with other-stage NSCLC or without PD-L1 expression and populations with < 80% stage IV NSCLC were excluded. Outcomes included overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS), objective response rate (ORR), and treatment-related adverse events. English records from MEDLINE and Embase published through October 2020 were eligible, supplemented by hand searches of other sources. Three evidence networks were constructed based on histology (mixed, squamous, non-squamous). OS and PFS results were analyzed applying Bayesian fractional polynomial random-effects models. Hazard ratios over time with 95% credible intervals (CrIs) and expected differences in OS and PFS between each cancer immunotherapy regimen and the chemotherapy common comparator were generated. Seventeen clinical trials were included after screening 32,527 records. Heterogeneity and risk of bias were generally low across trials. In the mixed-histology network of PD-L1–high patients, expected OS was significantly longer with atezolizumab (estimated difference: 10.4 months [95% CrI: 1.9, 18.2]), pembrolizumab (7.2 [2.2, 12.3]), and cemiplimab (13.0 [4.2, 21.0]) versus chemotherapy but not with nivolumab (3.5 [−2.5, 10.6]) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (6.7 [−0.5, 14.2]) versus chemotherapy. OS improvements were not significant compared with chemotherapy for any regimen in the squamous and non-squamous networks, except pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy in the non-squamous network. All regimens showed significantly longer expected PFS versus chemotherapy in the non-squamous network, whereas the increases were not significant in the mixed or squamous networks. ORR was significantly higher with pembrolizumab and cemiplimab versus chemotherapy in the mixed-histology network, with sintilimab in the non-squamous network, and with combination regimens, including pembrolizumab or atezolizumab, in the squamous and non-squamous networks, except with atezolizumab plus carboplatin, paclitaxel, and bevacizumab. Survival and safety versus chemotherapy were generally similar across cancer immunotherapies and histology networks. These findings may support treatment decisions for patients with high PD-L1 status receiving first-line treatment for NSCLC.
Programmed Cell Death Ligand 1 Expression in Resected Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Recently, anti–programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) and anti–programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) immunotherapies have yielded promising outcomes for patients with advanced non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and led to great interest in applying these agents to treat resectable early-stage NSCLC. The objective of our study was to evaluate PD-L1 protein expression in resectable early-stage NSCLC specimens from a large Northern European cohort, examine the relationship to clinical characteristics, and demonstrate the prognostic role in resected NSCLC. Materials and Methods: A large cohort of 875 NSCLC tumors consisted of 337 patients from Sweden and 538 patients from Norway was studied. All the patients had undergone pulmonary resection, and most patients had had early-stage NSCLC. PD-L1 protein expression was assessed by immunohistochemistry using the Dako PD-L1 22C3 pharmDx kit. The tumor proportion score for PD-L1 protein expression was compared with comprehensive demographic and clinicopathologic data. Results: The overall prevalence of PD-L1 protein expression in the resectable NSCLC cohort was 9.5% at a tumor proportion score cutoff of ≥ 50%. Stage I NSCLC had lower PD-L1 expression compared with that of the other stages (P = .0012). PD-L1 expression correlated with wild-type EGFR gene expression (P = .0156) and mutated KRAS gene expression (P = .0004). No significant association was found between PD-L1 expression and mortality after multivariable adjustment for clinical characteristics, although the survival curves showed PD-L1 expression significantly correlated with a poor prognosis in the total NSCLC cohort and in the adenocarcinoma subgroup. Conclusion: PD-L1 expression in the present large cohort of resectable NSCLC was relatively low compared with data from clinical trials of advanced NSCLC. PD-L1 expression correlated positively with tumor stage, wild-type EGFR, and KRAS mutation. PD-L1 expression was not found as an independent prognostic factor in the present study. These findings could be important in the future when evaluating the role of anti–PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy in the setting of neoadjuvant or adjuvant trials for early-stage resectable NSCLC.
Blood biomarkers associated to complete pathological response on NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy included in NADIM clinical trial; Background: Immunotherapy is being tested in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and achieving higher rates of complete pathological responses (CPR) as compared to standard of care. Early identification of CPR patients has vital clinical implications. In this study, we focused on basal peripheral immune cells and their treatment-related changes to find biomarkers associated to CPR. Methods: Blood from 29 stage IIIA NSCLC patients participating in the NADIM trial (NCT03081689) was collected at diagnosis and post neoadjuvant treatment. More than 400 parameters of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) phenotype and plasma soluble factors were analyzed. Results: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy altered more than 150 immune parameters. At diagnosis, 11 biomarkers associated to CPR were described, with an area under the ROC curve >0.70 and p-value <.05. CPR patients had significantly higher levels of CD4+PD-1+ cells, NKG2D, and CD56 expression on T CD56 cells, intensity of CD25 expression on CD4+CD25hi+ cells and CD69 expression on intermediate monocytes; but lower levels of CD3+CD56–CTLA-4+ cells, CD14++CD16+CTLA-4+ cells, CTLA-4 expression on T CD56 cells and lower levels of b-NGF, NT-3, and VEGF-D in plasma compared to non-CPR. Post treatment, CPR patients had significantly higher levels of CD19 expression on B cells, BCMA, 4-1BB, MCSF, and PARC and lower levels of MPIF-1 and Flt-3L in plasma compared to non-CPR. Conclusions: Patients achieving CPR seem to have a distinctive peripheral blood immune status at diagnosis, even showing different immune response to treatment. These results reinforce the different biology behind CPR and non-CPR responses.
High levels of baseline ctDNA constitute a poor prognostic factor in progression-free survival in patients receiving neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy: Results from NADIM clinical trial; There is growing evidence supporting that long-term survival of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy for locally advanced NSCLC patients can be achieved. However, some patients invariably progress within the short-term. Identification of patients at high risk of progression is needed to achieve a better control of the disease. Concentrations of baseline ctDNA have been shown to be of prognostic significance. Patients and methods 42 pre-treatment plasma samples from the NADIM clinical trial (NCT03081689), in which resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients were treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy with Nivolumab, were analyzed by NGS, using the Oncomine Pan-Cancer Cell-Free Assay™ (Thermo Fisher Scientific®). Variant calling, annotation and filtering were performed on the Ion Reporter (v5.14) platform using the OncomineTagSeq Pan-Cancer Liquid Biopsy workflow (v2.3). The final variant matrix was obtained from vcf files as generated from Ion Reporter (v5.14) platform and applying an internal pipeline (R-code is available upon request). Progression disease was evaluated by RECIST criteria V1.1. Results A total of 116 variants were detected in 88.10% (N=37) of the plasma samples collected before neoadjuvant treatment. The average number of variants detected per sample was 3.13. The most frequently mutated genes were TP53, which accounts for 59.52% of the detected variants, followed by PIK3CA (30.95%), MAP2K1 (30.95%), APC (23.81%), MTOR (9.52%) and KIT (9.52%). Patients in whom a GNA11 mutation was detected in the plasma sample by NGS showed worsen progression free survival (PFS) (HR: 14. 95%; CI: 2.6-71, P-value with Fold Discovery Rate correction: 0.019). Finally, ctDNA levels at Mutant Allele Frequency (MAF) below 1% at baseline were associated with improved PFS (P=0.025). At 30 months, PFS was 80.30% for these patients compared with 58.33% in patients with ctDNA levels ≥ 1%. Conclusions Molecular profiling of liquid biopsies collected before neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy using NGS can identify patients at high risk of progression who might require more aggressive adjuvant treatment in order to achieve a better control of the disease.
Canakinumab or pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant therapy in patients with surgically resected non-small cell lung cancer: CANOPY-N trial; Background: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment for patients with stage I-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Five-year survival rates range from 19% to 50%, with most patients dying from distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy improves overall survival (OS) by only 5% in patients with NSCLC, and new treatment options are needed. Preliminary data for PD1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy have shown major pathologic responses (MPRs) or pathologic complete responses (pCRs) in patients with early-stage NSCLC. The CANTOS study demonstrated reduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality with canakinumab (interleukin 1β inhibitor) versus placebo, in a dose-dependent manner for patients with atherosclerosis. In preclinical NSCLC humanized models, treatment with canakinumab ± anti-PD-1 inhibitor could lead to antitumor activity. Combination of canakinumab and pembrolizumab is expected to enhance the efficacy of PD-1 inhibition by inhibiting dysregulated inflammation in the tumor microenvironment. Based on available evidence, the CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate the effect of canakinumab and pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a Phase II, randomized, open-label study evaluating the effect of canakinumab and pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable NSCLC. Patients with histologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA NSCLC (excluding N2 and T4 tumors), no prior systemic therapy, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0 or 1, and eligibility for surgery and with a planned surgical resection in approximately 4-6 weeks (after first dose of study treatment) are eligible to participate. An archival (if obtained up to 6 months before first day of treatment) or new biopsy is required. Approximately 110 patients will be randomized in a 2:2:1 ratio (stratified by histology [squamous/nonsquamous]) to one of the treatment arms to receive a total of 2 doses (200 mg every 3 weeks) of canakinumab alone (n=44) or in combination with pembrolizumab (n=44) or pembrolizumab alone (n=22), with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study drug dose. The primary endpoint is MPR rate (≤10% of residual viable tumor cells at time of surgery), and secondary endpoints include determination of overall response rate, MPR rate based on local review, surgical feasibility rates, incidence of antidrug antibodies, and pharmacokinetic parameters. As of October 19, 2020, there are 36 active study locations.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy for operable non-small cell lung cancer: Lessons learned and current challenges; Surgical resection is the preferred treatment for patients with operable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Unfortunately, however, more than 50% of patients who are treated with surgery alone will relapse, which reduces overall survival (OS). Perioperative (neoadjuvant or adjuvant) chemotherapy to prevent disease recurrence after surgery provides only a modest (~5%) improvement in five-year OS and is also a source of toxicity. Efforts to test new therapeutic strategies for patients with operable NSCLC have proved challenging because using OS as a measure of clinical benefit requires large patient numbers and increased time of follow-up. Recently, we and others demonstrated that a major pathologic response (MPR), defined as < 10% viable tumor in resected specimens, provides an objective criterion of response of early-stage NSCLC to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and correlates with long-term survival outcomes. We also generated preclinical models of spontaneously metastatic and resectable NSCLC that provide a readout of tumor antigen-specific immune responses in mice treated with neoadjuvant therapy. Preclinical studies using these models revealed that a neoadjuvant strategy that inhibited both PD-1 and CTLA-4 immune checkpoint proteins was superior to either monotherapy or adjuvant combined therapy at reducing the frequency of lung metastases, improving survival and enhancing the tumor-specific and total CD8+ T cell infiltrate. Clinical studies in patients with advanced NSCLC demonstrated that combined nivolumab (anti-PD-1) plus ipilimumab (anti-CTLA-4) also produced greater response rates compared with nivolumab monotherapy, and first-line nivolumab plus ipilimumab treatment induced longer OS than chemotherapy in some patients. The abovementioned studies prompted us to launch the NEOSTAR study, the first reported phase 2 randomized trial evaluating neoadjuvant nivolumab and nivolumab plus ipilimumab in 44 patients with resectable NSCLC (NCT03158129) with MPR as primary endpoint. The MPR rate for each treatment arm was tested against historical controls of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (conservative rate 15%) in localized NSCLC. The addition of ipilimumab to nivolumab crossed the prespecified efficacy trial boundary by producing an MPR rate of 38% in 21 treated patients. Nivolumab monotherapy produced an MPR rate of 22% in 23 treated patients. The combination also induced twice as many MPRs in resected patients compared with nivolumab alone (50% vs. 24%) and a greater rate of pathologic complete responses (pCRs) compared with nivolumab (38% vs. 10%). To put this into context, several clinical trials of neoadjuvant platinum doublet chemotherapy reported a median pCR rate of only 4%. Exploratory biomarker studies revealed that overall elevated tumor PD-L1 expression at baseline was associated with responses to neoadjuvant ICIs. However, we also observed responses in patients lacking pretreatment tumor PD-L1, suggesting the need for additional PD-L1 validation studies in larger clinical cohorts. Nivolumab and ipilimumab exert their effects through distinct non-redundant mechanisms and we noted differences in the immune composition of tumors in patients treated with nivolumab plus ipilimumab compared with those treated with only nivolumab. We found that tumors treated with combination therapy possessed higher frequencies of CD3+ T cells, CD4+ (non-Treg) CD103+ and CD8+CD103+ tissue-resident memory and effector memory T cells by flow cytometry. Furthermore, multiplex immunofluorescent staining of tumor samples revealed increased densities of CD3+, CD3+CD8+ and effector memory T cells in tumors treated with combination therapy as compared to baseline. We also noted that distinct gut microbiome signatures were associated with pathologic responses. The relative abundance of certain bacteria, including Ruminococcus and Akkermansia spp., was associated with pathologic responses to neoadjuvant combination ICIs and with T cell clonality in resected tumors. Further studies are needed to determine the mechanisms between microbial signatures and antitumor immune responses in these tumors. We noted that some patients enrolled in the NEOSTAR trial developed a phenomenon we referred to as nodal immune flare (NIF). NIF is characterized by the radiographic appearance of disease progression in lymph nodes that were histologically negative at baseline and became enlarged and/or FDG avid after neoadjuvant ICIs. Invasive pathologic examination of the flaring nodes after treatment demonstrated de novo non-caseating granulomas that are devoid of malignant cells. The overall incidence of NIF on imaging following neoadjuvant ICIs in our study was 16% (7/44). I will discuss new results from an independent clinical cohort of patients with resected NSCLC that suggest NIF does not occur following neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and thus may strictly be an ICI-related phenomenon. There was no significant association between NIF and response to therapy, perhaps indicating that the cellular and molecular mechanisms of systemic immunity driving NIF and the antitumor immune response may be distinct from one another. Recent studies suggest chemotherapy may be synergistic with ICIs and further enhance antitumor responses. We demonstrated that neoadjuvant chemotherapy induces higher densities of CD3+ lymphocytes and enhanced PD-L1 expression in resected NSCLC. Front-line nivolumab plus ipilimumab combined with chemotherapy improved survival compared with chemotherapy alone in patients with advanced NSCLC. Results from recent phase 2 chemo-immunotherapy studies have demonstrated robust MPR rates ranging from 57% after neoadjuvant atezolizumab plus chemotherapy (NCT02716038) to 83% following neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy in the NADIM study (NCT03081689). Based on these results, we expanded our NEOSTAR trial to a modular, platform design of modular single-arm studies to expedite testing of promising neoadjuvant therapies using MPR as primary endpoint. We have tested neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus nivolumab in 22 patients with resectable NSCLC (Arm C) and we are currently evaluating neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with nivolumab plus ipilimumab. Randomized phase 3 studies are testing neoadjuvant chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy plus ICI (+/-adjuvant ICI) using event-free survival plus OS or MPR/pCR as primary endpoints and will prospectively validate the use of surrogate endpoints to predict improvements in outcomes. I will present unpublished results from the NEOSTAR study, including the clinical outcomes in patients treated with neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus nivolumab, as well as in patients whose tumors harbor oncogenic drivers. I will compare the pathological tumor regression, and the MPR and pCR rates from neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm with those from nivolumab monotherapy and nivolumab combined with ipilimumab. I will also discuss some of the challenges that we face as we strive to further improve clinical outcomes for patients with early-stage NSCLC and maximize the clinical effectiveness of ICIs, including intertrial variability in assessing tumor pathological regression and biomarkers of therapeutic response. Potential future directions for the field will also be considered.
Early dynamics in peripheral blood immune cell subsets and ctDNA are predictive of outcome to immunotherapy; Background: Treatment-induced anti-tumor immune response may be reflected in peripheral blood leukocyte composition and shifts. The relative abundance of immune cell subsets captured by neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) is a promising biomarker of response to immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI). However early dynamics and integration with circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) kinetics during ICI have not been comprehensively studied. Methods: We evaluated the predictive role of early dynamic changes of peripheral immune cell subsets in 239 ICI treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancers (mNSCLC) and combined those with ctDNA dynamics in 18 early stage NSCLCs (esNSCLC) treated with neoadjuvant ICI. Blood cell counts were analyzed at baseline, 4 weeks on treatment, and at first radiographic follow up (mNSCLC) or preoperatively (esNSCLC). mNSCLC patients without progression at 6 months were considered to have durable clinical benefit (DCB). We employed eXtreme Gradient Boosting, a decision-tree based machine learning algorithm, to integrate baseline values and early changes in immune cell subsets. To reduce modeling overfitting, we trained an ensemble of models, incorporating 10-fold cross-validation that included feature selection (training n=171) and tested the model in an unseen independent set (n=68). For esNSCLCs, major pathologic response (MPR; ≤10% residual tumor; RT) was determined. We performed Targeted Error Correction next generation sequencing on 60 serial plasma and matched leukocyte DNA samples to assess ctDNA clonal dynamics. Changes in immune cell subsets were correlated with RT, MPR, progression-free (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Results: Our machine learning integrative model predicted DCB with an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.96 for training, 0.72 for cross-validation testing and 0.74 for unseen testing datasets. Feature importance analysis revealed that NLR at 4 weeks, first radiographic follow up, and relative change in NLR from baseline were the strongest predictors of outcome together with relative eosinophil and lymphocyte count. Our model's performance was superior to TMB (AUC=0.52) or PD-L1 (AUC=0.54). For esNSCLCs, change in NLR at 4 weeks after ICI initiation was predictive of tumor regression (p=0.02), such that those with MPR showed significant decrease in NLR. This was also predictive of PFS (log rank p=0.004) and OS (log rank p=0.02). Furthermore, higher eosinophil count at 4 weeks was correlated with MPR (p=0.006) and decreased RT (p=0.006). Immune cell subset kinetics were concordant with ctDNA clearance in all but two patients and importantly NLR dynamics at 4 weeks were predictive of MPR even when ctDNA was undetectable. Conclusions: Early changes in peripheral immune cell subsets together with ctDNA are reflective of anti-tumor immune response during ICI and may more accurately predict ICI response than currently used biomarkers.
Nivolumab (NIVO) + platinum-doublet chemotherapy (chemo) vs chemo as neoadjuvant treatment (tx) for resectable (IB-IIIA) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the phase 3 CheckMate 816 trial; Background In patients (pts) with non-metastatic NSCLC, surgery has curative potential but 30-80% who undergo resection experience recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemo is recommended for pts with high recurrence risk; however, benefits are modest and pathological complete response (pCR) with neoadjuvant chemo is low. Although immunotherapy targeting the PD-1 pathway has shown survival benefits in metastatic NSCLC, phase 3 trial results in resectable disease are yet to be reported. Recently, neoadjuvant NIVO, alone or in combination with chemo, has shown encouraging pCR rates in single-arm phase 2 studies. Here, we report the final analysis of one of the primary endpoints, pCR, of CheckMate 816 (NCT02998528)-a randomized, phase 3, open-label study evaluating NIVO + chemo vs chemo as neoadjuvant tx for resectable NSCLC. Methods Adults with clinical stage IB (≥ 4 cm)-IIIA (per AJCC 7th ed), resectable NSCLC, ECOG PS 0-1, and no known EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized to either NIVO 360 mg + platinum-doublet chemo Q3W or chemo Q3W for 3 cycles, followed by surgery. Stratification was by disease stage (IB/II vs IIIA), PD-L1 (≥ 1% or < 1%), and sex. pCR by blinded independent pathological review (BIPR) and event-free survival by blinded independent central review (BICR) are the primary endpoints. pCR was defined as 0% viable tumor cells in resected lung and lymph nodes; pts who did not undergo surgery were counted as non-responders. Overall survival, major pathological response (MPR; ≤ 10% viable tumor in both lung and lymph nodes) per BIPR, and time to death or distant metastases are secondary endpoints. Key exploratory endpoints are objective response rate (ORR) per BICR and potential predictive biomarkers including PD-L1 and tumor mutational burden (TMB). Results Baseline characteristics were balanced between arms (n = 179 each). Neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo significantly increased pCR rates vs chemo in the intent-to-treat population (ITT) (24.0% vs 2.2%; odds ratio 13.94 [99% CI 3.49-55.75]; P < 0.0001). Improvement in pCR with NIVO + chemo vs chemo was consistent across key subgroups including disease stage (IB/II [26.2% vs 4.8%]; ≥ IIIA [23.0% vs 0.9%]), PD-L1 (< 1% [16.7% vs 2.6%]; ≥ 1% [32.6% vs 2.2%]), and TMB (low [22.4% vs 1.9%]; high [30.8% vs 2.7%]). NIVO + chemo also improved MPR rates vs chemo in the ITT (36.9% vs 8.9%), as well as ORR (53.6% vs 37.4%) and radiographic down-staging rates (30.7% vs 23.5%). Definitive surgery occurred for 83.2% of pts treated with NIVO + chemo and 75.4% with chemo; surgery was cancelled rarely due to AEs (2 pts/arm) and due to disease progression in 12 and 17 pts, respectively. Grade 3-4 tx-related AEs and grade 3-4 surgery-related AEs were reported in 33.5% vs 36.9% and 11.4% vs 14.8% of pts in the NIVO + chemo vs chemo arms, respectively. Conclusions CheckMate 816 met its first primary endpoint with a statistically significant improvement in pCR with neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo vs chemo alone per independent review. The safety profile of NIVO + chemo was consistent with the known profile of this combination regimen, and the addition of NIVO did not decrease the ability to perform surgery. CheckMate 816 is the first positive phase 3 trial demonstrating a significant improvement in pathologic response with neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemo in resectable NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer: Right drugs, right patient, right time?; Standard curative treatment of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) involves surgery in combination with postoperative (adjuvant) platinum-based chemotherapy where indicated. Preoperative (neoadjuvant) therapies offer certain theoretical benefits compared with adjuvant approaches, including the ability to assess on-treatment response, reduce the tumor bulk prior to surgery, and enhance tolerability in the preoperative setting. Indeed, the use of neoadjuvant therapies are well established in other cancers such as breast and rectal cancers to debulk the tumor and guide ongoing therapy, and neoadjuvant chemotherapy has similar efficacy but less toxicity in NSCLC. More recently, immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) targeting programmed death-1 (PD1)/PD1-ligand 1 (PD-L1) have transformed the treatment of advanced NSCLC; the unique mechanisms of action of ICI offer additional rationale for assessment in the neoadjuvant setting. Preclinical studies in mouse cancer models support the proof of concept of neoadjuvant ICI (NAICI) through improvement of T-cell effector function and long-term memory induction. Preliminary early-phase human trial data support the proposition that NAICI in NSCLC may provide an feasible and potentially efficacious future treatment strategy and large, randomized phase III trials are currently recruiting to assess this approach. However, outstanding issues include defining optimal treatment combinations which balance high efficacy with acceptable toxicity, validating biomarkers to aid in patient selection, and avoiding potential pitfalls such as missing a window for successful surgery, that is, choosing the right drugs, for the right patient, at the right time. Predictive biomarkers to direct selection of therapy are required, and the validation of major pathological response (MPR) as a surrogate for survival will be important in the uptake of the neoadjuvant approach.
Neoadjuvant durvalumab with or without stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer: a single-centre, randomised phase 2 trial; Background: Previous phase 2 trials of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 or anti-PD-L1 monotherapy in patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer have reported major pathological response rates in the range of 15–45%. Evidence suggests that stereotactic body radiotherapy might be a potent immunomodulator in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this trial, we aimed to evaluate the use of stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early-stage NSCLC as an immunomodulator to enhance the anti-tumour immune response associated with the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab. Methods: We did a single-centre, open-label, randomised, controlled, phase 2 trial, comparing neoadjuvant durvalumab alone with neoadjuvant durvalumab plus stereotactic radiotherapy in patients with early-stage NSCLC, at NewYork-Presbyterian and Weill Cornell Medical Center (New York, NY, USA). We enrolled patients with potentially resectable early-stage NSCLC (clinical stages I–IIIA as per the 7th edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer) who were aged 18 years or older with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to either neoadjuvant durvalumab monotherapy or neoadjuvant durvalumab plus stereotactic body radiotherapy (8 Gy × 3 fractions), using permuted blocks with varied sizes and no stratification for clinical or molecular variables. Patients, treating physicians, and all study personnel were unmasked to treatment assignment after all patients were randomly assigned. All patients received two cycles of durvalumab 3 weeks apart at a dose of 1·12 g by intravenous infusion over 60 min. Those in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group also received three consecutive daily fractions of 8 Gy stereotactic body radiotherapy delivered to the primary tumour immediately before the first cycle of durvalumab. Patients without systemic disease progression proceeded to surgical resection. The primary endpoint was major pathological response in the primary tumour. All analyses were done on an intention-to-treat basis. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrial.gov, NCT02904954, and is ongoing but closed to accrual. Findings: Between Jan 25, 2017, and Sept 15, 2020, 96 patients were screened and 60 were enrolled and randomly assigned to either the durvalumab monotherapy group (n=30) or the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group (n=30). 26 (87%) of 30 patients in each group had their tumours surgically resected. Major pathological response was observed in two (6·7% [95% CI 0·8–22·1]) of 30 patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group and 16 (53·3% [34·3–71·7]) of 30 patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group. The difference in the major pathological response rates between both groups was significant (crude odds ratio 16·0 [95% CI 3·2–79·6]; p<0·0001). In the 16 patients in the dual therapy group with a major pathological response, eight (50%) had a complete pathological response. The second cycle of durvalumab was withheld in three (10%) of 30 patients in the dual therapy group due to immune-related adverse events (grade 3 hepatitis, grade 2 pancreatitis, and grade 3 fatigue and thrombocytopaenia). Grade 3–4 adverse events occurred in five (17%) of 30 patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group and six (20%) of 30 patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group. The most frequent grade 3–4 events were hyponatraemia (three [10%] patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group) and hyperlipasaemia (three [10%] patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group). Two patients in each group had serious adverse events (pulmonary embolism [n=1] and stroke [n=1] in the durvalumab monotherapy group, and pancreatitis [n=1] and fatigue [n=1] in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group). No treatment-related deaths or deaths within 30 days of surgery were reported. Interpretation: Neoadjuvant durvalumab combined with stereotactic body radiotherapy is well tolerated, safe, and associated with a high major pathological response rate. This neoadjuvant strategy should be validated in a larger trial. Funding: AstraZeneca.
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy combined with atezolizumab for resectable esophageal adenocarcinoma: A single-arm phase ii feasibility trial (PERFECT); Purpose: The CROSS trial established neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (nCRT) for patients with resectable esophageal adenocarcinoma (rEAC). In the PERFECT trial, we investigated the feasibility and efficacy of nCRT combined with programmeddeath ligand-1 (PD-L1) inhibition for rEAC. Patients and Methods: Patients with rEAC received nCRT according to the CROSS regimen combined with five cycles of atezolizumab (1, 200 mg). The primary endpoint was the feasibility of administering five cycles of atezolizumab in ≥75% patients. A propensity score-matched nCRT cohort was used to compare pathologic response, overall survival, and progression-free survival. Exploratory biomarker analysis was performed on repeated tumor biopsies. Results: We enrolled 40 patients of whom 85% received all cycles of atezolizumab. Immune-related adverse events of any grade were observed in 6 patients. In total, 83% proceeded to surgery. Reasons for not undergoing surgery were progression (n = 4), patient choice (n = 2), and death (n = 1). The pathologic complete response rate was 25% (10/40). No statistically significant difference in response or survival was found between the PERFECT and the nCRT cohort. Baseline expression of an established IFNg signature was higher in responders compared with nonresponders (P = 0.043). On-treatment nonresponders showed either a high number of cytotoxic lymphocytes (CTL) with a transcriptional signature consistent with expression of immune checkpoints, or a low number of CTLs. Conclusions: Combining nCRT with atezolizumab is feasible in patients with rEAC. On the basis of our exploratory biomarker study, future studies are necessary to elucidate the potential of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in patient subgroups.
Identification of CXCL13/CXCR5 axis's crucial and complex effect in human lung adenocarcinoma; Immune escape and low response to immunotherapy are crucial challenges in present lung cancer treatment. In this study, we constructed a new immune-related classifier based on CXCL13/CXCR5, an important tumor microenvironment component and strongly related with the formation of tertiary lymphoid structures (TLSs) in tumor microenvironment. With the classifier, we divided patients into two main clusters and each cluster was further divided into subcluster (A1, A2, B1, B2, B3). In the later analysis, we noticed that patients in subcluster B3 had a distinct advantage over patients in A1 in survival time and immune infiltration, suggesting a more favorable response to immunotherapy. Moreover, we demonstrated the genetic and epigenetic regulation related to the subclusters and recovered four key differentially expressed genes (ERBB4, GRIN2A, IL2RA, CCND2). With several experiments, we verified the unique role of CCND2 in tumor metastasis and T cell apoptosis. Overexpressing CCND2 could significantly impair cancer cell abilities of migration and invasion and downregulate PD-1/PD-L1 signaling, which may be the cause of T cell apoptosis reduction. In the end, we constructed a regression risk model that could successfully predict ICI response. To sum up, our study established new stratification models that can successfully predict patient survival and response to ICI. And using integrative analysis of multi-omics data, four key DEGs were noticed, and CCND2, one of the four genes, was identified as a potential treatment target because of its effect in tumor metastasis and T cell apoptosis.
Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in resectable stage IIIA/IIIB non-small cell lung cancer; Background: A small proportion of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) experience objective clinical benefit after neoadjuvant programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) blockade. A neoadjuvant therapeutic regimen combining immune checkpoint blockade with chemotherapy might improve the treatment effect, but such a regimen has not been tested in patients with resectable stage IIIA/IIIB NSCLC. Methods: A retrospective study of 35 patients with resectable stage IIIA and IIIB NSCLC who were treated with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (NCIO) was performed. Patients were evaluated for pathological complete response (pCR), major pathologic response (MPR), safety, and feasibility. The correlations of pathologic response with various clinical factors were studied to identify predictors of pathological response. Results: NCIO was associated with few immediate adverse events. NCIO did not delay planned surgery and led to a pCR rate of 51.43% and an MPR rate of 74.29% for the primary tumor. No association was observed between programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression before NCIO and the pathologic response (Pearson’s r=−0.071; P=0.685). However, a significant difference was observed in pathological response in patients with intracavitary and extracavitary tumors. r (P<0.05). Patients with intracavitary type had a higher pCR (76.47% vs. 31.58%) and MPR (100% vs. 50.00%) rate than patients with extracavitary type (Pearson’s r=0.7280; P=0.0009). Conclusions: NCIO was associated with few side effects, did not delay surgery, and achieved a pCR in 51.43% and MPR in 74.29% of resected tumors. No significant correlation was found between pathologic response and PD-L1 expression. While the intracavitary and extracavitary tumors type T was predictive of the pathological response to NCIO.
Neoadjuvant ICI Response, Microbiome Probed in NSCLC; Ipilimumab improves clinical outcomes when combined with nivolumab in early-stage, operable non-small cell lung cancer. In a first for a neoadjuvant trial, the study also found that responsiveness to the dual checkpoint blockade strategy may be influenced by a patient's gut microbiome.
Canakinumab or Pembrolizumab as Monotherapy or in Combination as Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients with Surgically Resected Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: CANOPY-N Trial; Rationale: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment for patients with stage I-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Five-year survival rates range from 19% to 50%, with most patients dying from distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy improves overall survival (OS) by only 5% in patients with NSCLC, and new treatment options are needed. Preliminary data for PD1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy have shown major pathologic responses (MPRs) or pathologic complete responses (pCRs) in patients with early-stage NSCLC. The CANTOS study demonstrated reduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality with canakinumab (interleukin 1β inhibitor) versus placebo, in a dose-dependent manner for patients with atherosclerosis. In preclinical NSCLC humanized models, treatment with canakinumab ± anti-PD-1 inhibitor could lead to antitumor activity. Combination of canakinumab and pembrolizumab is expected to enhance the efficacy of PD-1 inhibition by inhibiting dysregulated inflammation in the tumor microenvironment. Based on available evidence, the CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate the effect of canakinumab and pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a Phase II, randomized, open-label study evaluating the effect of canakinumab and pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable NSCLC. Key inclusion and exclusion criteria are listed in the table. Briefly, inclusion criteria include histologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA NSCLC (excluding N2 and T4 tumors), no prior systemic therapy, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0 or 1, and eligibility for surgery and with a planned surgical resection in approximately 4-6 weeks (after first dose of study treatment). An archival (if obtained up to 6 months before first day of treatment) or new biopsy is required. Approximately 110 patients will be randomized in a 2:2:1 ratio (stratified by histology [squamous/nonsquamous]) to one of the treatment arms to receive a total of 2 doses (200 mg every 3 weeks) of canakinumab alone (n=44) or in combination with pembrolizumab (n=44) or pembrolizumab alone (n=22), with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study drug dose. The primary endpoint is MPR rate (≤10% of residual viable tumor cells at time of surgery), and secondary endpoints include determination of overall response rate, MPR rate based on local review, surgical feasibility rates, incidence of antidrug antibodies, and pharmacokinetic parameters. As of October 19, 2020, there are 36 active study locations.
Prospective analysis of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving neoadjuvant (chemo-) immunotherapy (C-IO) prior to resection or definitive radiochemotherapy (RCT) in routine clinical care (KOMPASS neo); Background: Recent phase I and phase II trials report the feasibilitiy of neoadjuvant C-IO prior to surgery or definitive RCT. Furthermore, the studies report high rates of pathological remission, a surrogate marker for overall survival. Methods: In two lung cancer centers, 35 patients with NSCLC and a potentially curative stage (including 12 patients with oligometastatic disease) were prospectively included if curative treatment (either definitive RCT or resection) could not be performed due to large tumor size or for functional reasons (e. g. too large radiation field or functionally inoperable for the required resection). For these patients, the multidisciplinary tumor board (MDB) recommended palliative C-IO and re-evaluation including PET-CT if indicated. After review of the MDB, patients received either definitive curative treatment or palliative treatment. Results: 14, 14, and 7 patients had a PD-L1 score (TPS) of 50%, 1–49%, and 0%, respectively. Patients completed 1–4 cycles of neoadjuvant therapy, 5 as mono immunotherapy, and 30 as chemo-immunotherapy. The primary endpoint of definitive therapy was reached by 29 patients (83%). Of these, 11 were R0-resected, 18 received curative-dose radiochemotherapy. Six patients remained palliative (2 incomplete resections (R1-R2), 4 palliative systemic therapy). The study is positive for the primary endpoint (predefined >80%). According to RECIST, 76% had complete or partial response. Of 27 patients evaluable for metabolic response (PERCIST), 7 (26%) had complete metabolic response. Of the surgical patients, 6 of 11 completely resected patients (56%) had a complete or major pathological response. After a median follow-up of 15 months, there were 13 recurrences (9 of 29 curative patients [31%], 4 of 6 palliative patients [67%]), and 5 patients had died (3 of 29 curative patients [10%], 2 of 6 palliative patients [33%]). Treatment was well tolerated with no new safety signals. Conclusions: In routine clinical practice, neo-adjuvant C-IO is feasible for patients with locally advanced or oligometastatic NSCLC and results in a high rate of curative treatment.
Predictive molecular parameters of pneumonitis development in stage IIIa NSCLC patients treated with neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy from NADIM clinical trial; Background: Pneumonitis is a common adverse event in patients treated with immunotherapy, involving treatment interruptions and potentially life-threatening situations. The aim of this study is to define a set of molecular parameters in pre-treatment blood samples of NSCLC patients treated with neo-adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy that will help to predict patients likely to develop immune-mediated pneumonitis. Methods: Treatment related adverse events and clinical variables of 46 potentially resectable stage IIIa NSCLC patients included in the NADIM clinical trial (NCT03081689) were analyzed. A semi-quantitative study of 200 plasma cytokine baseline levels was conducted in 30 patients, and peripheral blood mononuclear cells immunophenotype from 29 patients at diagnosis was characterized by flow cytometry. A comparative analysis was made with non-parametric methods between the development of immune-mediated pneumonitis of any grade during neoadjuvant treatment, and clinical and molecular variables. Results: Among pneumonitis patients 78.6% were men, with a median age of 62.5 years and 42.9% smokers. No significant differences were found between patients developing pneumonitis in terms of age, sex and smoking habits. Patients who developed pneumonitis had significant reduced cytokine levels of Cripto1, GCP2, and elevated MSPa (p-values 0.010, 0.041 and 0.026). Referring to immune cells, pneumonitis patients had a significant higher percentage of CD56+PD1- and CD8+PD1- populations, and reduced CD4+PD1+ (p-values 0.009, 0.019 and 0.032). The area under the ROC curves for pneumonitis development were 0.826, 0.758 and 0.783 for Cripto1, GCP2 and MSPa levels; and 0.831, 0.799 and 0.773 for CD56+PD1-, CD8+PD1- and CD4 +PD1+ populations.. Conclusions: In this study we describe a novel set of molecular parameters, such as cytokine levels and PBMCs populations at diagnosis, which are able to predict pneumonitis development in a context of chemoimmunotherapy. These results indicate that the study of the basal immune status from blood is a valid source of pneumonitis predictive biomarkers and supports further studies in larger cohorts.
TiP Neoadjuvant tislelizumab or placebo + platinum-based chemotherapy followed by adjuvant tislelizumab or placebo in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A phase III trial in progress; Background: Adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapies have been proposed to improve the prognosis of patients (pts) with stage II/IIIA lung cancer but have provided only modest survival benefits. When added to chemotherapy, PD-(L)1 inhibitors have resulted in enhanced antitumor activity versus chemotherapy alone, but their ability to limit relapse in pts who have undergone surgical resection has not yet been fully elucidated. Tislelizumab, a monoclonal antibody with high affinity and specificity for PD-1, was engineered to minimize binding to FcγR on macrophages to abrogate antibody-dependent phagocytosis. Tislelizumab, as a single agent and in combination with chemotherapy, has demonstrated a manageable tolerability profile and efficacy in pts with advanced NSCLC. Trial design: This phase III, randomized, double-blind study (NCT04379635) compares the efficacy of neoadjuvant tislelizumab or placebo + platinum-based doublet chemotherapy followed by adjuvant tislelizumab or placebo. Adult pts (n≈380) with histologically confirmed, squamous (sq) or nonsquamous (nsq) stage II/IIIA resectable NSCLC are eligible; key exclusion criteria include prior systemic anticancer treatment for lung cancer or known EGFR mutations or ALK rearrangements. In the neoadjuvant phase, pts will be randomized 1:1 to receive tislelizumab (Arm A) or placebo (Arm B) plus cisplatin/ carboplatin + paclitaxel or pemetrexed on Day 1 of each 3-wk cycle for 3– 4 cycles. Patients will be stratified by histology (sq vs nsq), disease stage (II vs IIIA), and PD-L1 expression (≥1% vs <1%). After surgery, adjuvant therapy (tislelizumab [A]; placebo [B]) will be administered on Day 1 of each 6-wk cycle for up to eight cycles. Major pathological response rate (proportion of pts with ≤10% residual viable tumors) and event-free survival per RECIST v1.1 are dual primary endpoints. Secondary endpoints include overall survival, objective response rate, diseasefree survival, pathological complete response rate, safety/tolerability (assessed by monitoring incidence and severity of adverse events), and health-related quality-of-life measures.
Safety and efficacy of anti-PD-1 inhibitors in Chinese patients with advanced lung cancer and hepatitis B virus infection: A retrospective single-center study; Background: Programmed death protein (ligand) 1 [PD-(L)1] inhibitors have provided new therapeutic options for advanced lung cancer. However, patients with hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection have been traditionally excluded from most registered trials of this form of treatment. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of patients with HBV and advanced lung cancer who received anti-PD-1 immunotherapy from September 2018 to May 2020 in our department. Treatment-related hepatotoxicity was evaluated and recorded. Overall response rate and progression free survival were also assessed in the patients using iRECIST. Results: Seventeen patients were evaluated in this analysis. Of these, six (35.3%) experienced hepatic transaminase elevation during immunotherapy. Three of these patients developed Grade 3 hepatic immune-related adverse events and received systemic corticosteroids, following which aminotransferase levels recovered to normal in all patients and no adverse events were observed in subsequent treatment. No patient experienced HBV reactivation or flare. One patient developed active pulmonary tuberculosis (TB). Other adverse events were mild, well tolerated and short term. The objective response rate (ORR) of the cohort was 62.5%, and the median progression-free survival (PFS) was 3 months. Conclusions: Lung cancer patients can be treated safely with anti-PD-1 inhibitors in the context of HBV infection. Close monitoring for hepatotoxicity and prophylactic antiviral therapy is advised. Further studies on the use of anti-PD-1 inhibitors in HBV-infected patients are needed.
CheckMate 77 T: A phase 3 trial of neoadjuvant nivolumab (NIVO) + chemotherapy(chemo) followed by adjuvant NIVO in resectable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC); Background: Although surgery for early NSCLC is potentially curative, 5-year overall survival (OS) rates for patients (pts)with stage IIA-IIIB NSCLC are historically < 50%, representing a population of high unmet need. Conventional neoadjuvantor adjuvant chemo provides a 5% absolute improvement in OS at 5 years. A rational approach to improve survival in thesepts is to eradicate micrometastatic disease and potentially induce anti-tumor immunity to minimize the risk of relapse withperi-operative regimens including NIVO, a fully human anti-programmed cell death 1 antibody. Early phase trials indicatethe potential of NIVO-based regimens to deepen pathological responses and extend survival in this setting (Reuss JE et al,ASCO 2019. Abstract 8524; Cascone T et al, ASCO 2019. Abstract 8504; Provencio M et al, WCLC2019. Abstract OA13.05).Phase 2 single-arm NADIM trial (NCT03081689) demonstrated a major pathological response (MPR) rate of 83% withneoadjuvant NIVO + chemo followed by adjuvant NIVO in pts with resectable stage IIIA NSCLC (Provencio M et al,WCLC2019. Abstract OA13.05). These results require validation in a large randomized controlled study. CheckMate 77 T(NCT04025879), a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial, evaluates neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo followed by adjuvantNIVO in resectable early stage NSCLC. Methods: Approximately 452 pts aged ≥ 18 years with resectable stage IIA-IIIB (T3N2 only) NSCLC, ECOG performancestatus ≤ 1, and available lung tumor tissue will be enrolled at 111 sites globally, including 12 German sites. Pts withEGFR/ALK mutations, brain metastasis, prior systemic anti-cancer treatment or radiotherapy, and autoimmune disease areexcluded. Pts will be randomized to neoadjuvant NIVO + platinum-based doublet chemo followed by surgery and adjuvantNIVO, or neoadjuvant placebo + platinum-based doublet chemo followed by surgery and adjuvant placebo. The primaryendpoint is event-free survival, assessed by blinded independent central review. Secondary endpoints include OS,pathological complete response and MPR assessed by blind independent pathological review, safety and tolerability. Startdate was Sept. 2019; estimated primary completion date is May 2023.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab or nivolumab plus ipilimumab in operable non-small cell lung cancer: the phase 2 randomized NEOSTAR trial; Ipilimumab improves clinical outcomes when combined with nivolumab in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but its efficacy and impact on the immune microenvironment in operable NSCLC remain unclear. We report the results of the phase 2 randomized NEOSTAR trial (NCT03158129) of neoadjuvant nivolumab or nivolumab + ipilimumab followed by surgery in 44 patients with operable NSCLC, using major pathologic response (MPR) as the primary endpoint. The MPR rate for each treatment arm was tested against historical controls of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The nivolumab + ipilimumab arm met the prespecified primary endpoint threshold of 6 MPRs in 21 patients, achieving a 38% MPR rate (8/21). We observed a 22% MPR rate (5/23) in the nivolumab arm. In 37 patients resected on trial, nivolumab and nivolumab + ipilimumab produced MPR rates of 24% (5/21) and 50% (8/16), respectively. Compared with nivolumab, nivolumab + ipilimumab resulted in higher pathologic complete response rates (10% versus 38%), less viable tumor (median 50% versus 9%), and greater frequencies of effector, tissue-resident memory and effector memory T cells. Increased abundance of gut Ruminococcus and Akkermansia spp. was associated with MPR to dual therapy. Our data indicate that neoadjuvant nivolumab + ipilimumab-based therapy enhances pathologic responses, tumor immune infiltrates and immunologic memory, and merits further investigation in operable NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant anti-programmed death-1 immunotherapy by pembrolizumab in resectable non-small cell lung cancer: First clinical experience; Objectives: A phase II trial investigating the therapeutic effect of neoadjuvant programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor pembrolizumab (MK-3475, KEYTRUDA®) administered prior to surgery for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been conducted (NCT03197467). We report the first clinical results of a planned interim safety analysis after 15 patients were enrolled. Material and methods: Patients with resectable NSCLC stage II/IIIA were included. Two cycles of pembrolizumab (200 mg intravenously once every 3 weeks) were administered prior to surgery. The primary objectives were to assess the feasibility and safety of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab therapy and to evaluate antitumor activity. We analyzed the clinical parameters as well as pathological and radiological tumor response data. Results: The NSCLC histology was adenocarcinoma for 13 patients and squamous cell carcinoma for 2 patients. All patients but two underwent 2 cycles of pembrolizumab prior to surgery. Four patients (27 %) presented a major pathologic response. Significant tumor target response in positron emission tomography computed tomography (PET-CT) was detected in all 4 pathologic responders. Nevertheless, the PET findings mismatched the tumor load in some patients. A PD-L1 expression ≥10 % in the pretreatment biopsy was associated with at least major pathologic response. Five patients (33 %) presented grade 2–3 treatment related adverse events (TRAE), the overall postoperative morbidity was 7 % and 30-day mortality was 0 %. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant pembrolizumab is a feasible therapy in surgical lung cancer patients. It was associated with tolerable toxicity and did not compromise tumor resection.
FP03.02 Interim Analysis of Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy and Durvalumab for Potentially Resectable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC); Introduction: Although definitive concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT) is considered standard of care for most stage III NSCLC patients, neoadjuvant-CRT (N-CRT) followed by surgery is an accepted practice with a potential survival benefit. Regarding synergistic effects of combining PD-1/PD-L1 blockade to CRT, we designed a two-stage phase Ib trial (ACTS-30) which assesses the safety and feasibility of the combination of N-CRT with durvalumab (PD-L1 inhibitor) in potentially resectable stage III NSCLC (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03694236). Methods: Patients with histologically confirmed, potentially resectable stage III NSCLC were eligible. N-CRT comprised intravenous weekly paclitaxel 45 mg/m2 and carboplatin AUC 2 with radiotherapy of 45 Gy in 25 fractions and durvalumab (Day 1 and 29, 1500mg) during 5 weeks and patients who completed N-CRT subsequently underwent surgery. After surgery, one year of adjuvant durvalumab was planned (every 4 weeks, 1500 mg). The primary objective was to determine the safety and tolerability of N-CRT + durvalumab regimen. The trial was composed of two-stages and the first stage included 9 patients and the trial was planned to proceed to the second stage (n = 21) if treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) grade≥3 occurred in less than 50% of patients. The secondary endpoints are objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate, event-free survival (EFS), overall survival (OS), clinical or pathological downstaging rate, pathologic complete response (pCR) rate, and major pathologic response (MPR) rate. The exploratory analyses including immune marker assessment by FACS, whole-exome sequencing, single-cell RNA sequencing, and multispectral immunohistochemical staining using the specimen of pre-treatment, after surgery, and after recurrence will be performed. Results: At the data cut-off (25th-Feb-2020), a total of 14 patients were enrolled. The median age was 66; 50% were male, and 50% were adenocarcinoma histology including two EGFR mutations. Since there was only one grade 3 TRAE (i.e., neutropenia) during the first stage, the trial entered the second stage. Overall, the grade 3 or more rate of TRAE was 7% (1/14). Currently, 11 patients underwent surgery (R0 resection) while one patient experienced cardiac pacemaker infection grade 3 (not considered as TRAE) and was not able to undergo surgical resection and two others are awaiting surgery. There was no postoperative in-hospital mortality. Among eleven resected patients, the pCR rate and MPR rate were 36.4% (3/11) and 72.7% (8/11), respectively. When excluding two EGFR mutant, the MPR rate was 88.9% (8/9). Conclusion: These early data suggested that the N-CRT regimen with immunotherapy in stage III NSCLC was safe and feasible and had the potential to provide clinical benefit. The trial is ongoing and the final results and the biomarker analyses will be provided in the future congress and scientific journal. Keywords: Neoadjuvant, Immunotherapy, chemoradiotherapy
MA04.08 The Effect of Packed Red Blood Cell Transfusions on the Clinical Efficacy of Immunotherapy in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients; Introduction: Transfusions of packed red blood cells (PRBC) have been postulated to be immunosuppressive, an effect known as transfusion-related immunomodulation (TRIM). TRIM is thought to be a result of the immunosuppressive and pro inflammatory effects of residual leukocytes, apoptotic cells, inflammatory mediators, micro particles and free hemoglobin. Prior studies have shown a negative association between perioperative PRBC transfusions and overall mortality in multiple malignancies. To date there are no studies addressing the impact of transfusions on survival in patients undergoing treatment with checkpoint inhibitor (CPI) immunotherapy. We conducted a retrospective study to investigate the clinical outcomes associated with PRBC transfusions in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who received immunotherapy for advanced/metastatic disease. Methods: From January 2010 - June 2019, patients at Fox Chase Cancer Center who received a PRBC transfusion within 120 days of treatment with a CPI and with advanced NSCLC were included. Patient demographics including age, sex, ethnicity, race, tobacco use and ECOG performance status (PS) were abstracted. We also assessed previous chemotherapy, radiation and targeted therapy utilization among all patients. The primary endpoints were progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in those who have and have not received PRBCs. We then evaluated PFS and OS via a cox proportional hazards model that was adjusted for cancer type, age, PS, previous therapies and tobacco use. Results: 272 NSCLC subjects were evaluated. 47 patients underwent a minimum of one PRBC transfusion during the pre-specified time period. Both median PFS (8.6 months versus 5.7) and overall survival (26.6 months versus 12.9) were shorter in patients who underwent transfusion. After multivariable adjustment, the negative associations between transfusion and PFS (HR: 1.58, p=.03) and overall survival (HR: 1.56, p=.03) were preserved. Conclusion: PRBC transfusions led to an inferior PFS and OS in advanced NSCLC patients receiving checkpoint inhibitors even after adjustments for multiple prognostic variables. These results suggest a possible attenuation of the effectiveness of immunotherapy as a result of the immunosuppressive effects of PRBC transfusions. The findings require prospective and mechanistic confirmation as inherent bias may exist in this retrospective analysis. Keywords: Immunotherapy, packed red blood cell transfusions, non-small cell lung cancer
P03.05 CANOPY-N: Neoadjuvant Canakinumab and Pembrolizumab in Patients With Surgically Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment for patients with stage I-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 5-year survival rates range from 19-50%, with most patients dying from distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy improves overall survival by only 5% in patients with NSCLC, and new treatment options are needed. Preliminary data with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy has shown major pathologic responses (MPR) or pathologic complete responses (pCR) in patients with early stage NSCLC. CANTOS study demonstrated reduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality with canakinumab (an IL-1β inhibitor) versus placebo, in dose-dependent manner for patients with atherosclerosis. In preclinical NSCLC humanized models, treatment with canakinumab with or without an anti PD-1 inhibitor demonstrated anti-tumor activity. Combination of canakinumab and pembrolizumab is expected to enhance efficacy of PD-1 inhibition by inhibiting dysregulated inflammation in tumor microenvironment. Based on available evidence, CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate effect of canakinumab and pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a phase II, randomized, open-label study evaluating effect of canakinumab or pembrolizumab monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment in resectable NSCLC patients. Patients will be randomized (stratified by histology [squamous/non-squamous]) to receive a total of 2 doses of canakinumab alone or in combination with pembrolizumab or pembrolizumab with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study drug dose (Figure 1). Patient eligibility criteria is listed in Table 1. Primary endpoint is to determine MPR rate (≤10% of residual viable tumor cells at time of surgery). Secondary endpoints include determination of overall response rate, MPR rate based on local review, surgical feasibility rates, anti-drug antibodies incidence and pharmacokinetic parameters. Surgery-related safety is one of the exploratory endpoints. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Keywords: IL-1β, canakinumab, pembrolizumab, NSCLC, neoadjuvant, surgery, major pathological response
P60.07 TMB and Selected Mutations in Resectable Stage IIIA NSCLC Patients Receiving Neo-Adjuvant Chemo-Immunotherapy from NADIM Trial; Introduction: Tumor Mutational Burden (TMB) assessment and identification of specific mutations associated to anti-PD1 blockade therapy resistance have become a novel approach to predict the clinical benefit to anti-PD1/PDL1 therapy. However, the clinical relevance of these parameters in terms of pathological response and PFS in neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy has not been established. To answer this question we analysed samples from the NADIM study (NCT03081689), in which resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients were treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy with Nivolumab. Methods: Pretreatment TMB, defined as the number of nonsynonymous variants (missense and nonsense single nucleotide variants (SNVs)), plus insertion and deletion variants (INDELs) detected per megabase (Mb) of exonic sequence, was estimated from 27 patients that had enough diagnostic material for next generation sequencing using the Oncomine Tumor mutation Load assay (ThermoFisher) following manufacturer’s instructions. The panel covers 1.7 Mb of 409 genes with known cancer associations. Regarding pathological responses, patients were classified into 3 groups: pathologic complete response (pCR) (0% viable tumour at any localization tested), major pathologic response (MPR, <10% viable tumour) and pathologic incomplete response (pIR) (>10% of viable tumour). At data analysis, median follow-up time was 22.7 months. Results: Median TMB was 5.89 (range 1.68 – 73.95). No differences in TMB value between histologies (adenocarcinoma vs squamous cell), smoking status (former vs current), age or sex were observed. Somatic mutations were identified in lung cancer driver genes such as TP53, KRAS, EGFR, CDKN2A, NOTCH1, BRAF and in specific genes associated with resistance to immunotherapy such as STK11, KEAP1, and RB1. No genomic alterations in ALK, ROS1, PTEN or ERBB2 were found. Based on literature, a poor prognosis mutation signature (presence of EGFR, STK11, KEAP1 or RB1 mutations) was generated. A third of the sequenced patients (9/27) harboured at least one mutation in one of these genes. Pathological response data was available from 23 out of 27 patients sequenced. Both the TMB value and the presence of these resistance mutations were not associated with the degree of pathological response. Regarding PFS, TMB alone was not predictive of disease progression using different thresholds. However, the presence of these resistance mutations was associated with shorter PFS (log-rank p-value=0.032). The median PFS for mutated patients was 21.4 months (95% CI 16-26 months) while median PFS was not reached in non-mutated patients. Additionally, the combination of this mutational signature with TMB (absence of resistance mutations and TMB-Higher than median) was able to distinguish patients that strongly benefit from this therapy. Although the median PFS was not reached in both groups yet, statistically significant differences were observed (log-rank p-value=0.046). PFS at 18 and 24 months was 100% (95% CI not estimable) for Non-mutated patients with TMB-High vs 70% (95% CI 50-89%) and 58% (95% CI 35-81%) for the rest of patients (mutated patients plus Non-mutated patients with TMB-Low). Conclusion: TMB did not predict benefit from chemo-immunotherapy induction in our cohort. However, the presence of EGFR/STK11/KEAP1/RB1 mutations alone, or in combination with TMB, may help identify patients that unlikely benefit from neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy Keywords: NADIM, TMB, neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy, IIIA NSCLC
P79.06 CHIO3: ChEmotherapy Combined with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor for Operable Stage IIIA/B Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (AFT-46); Introduction: Stage IIIA/B (T1-3, N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) continues to be a clinical challenge with 5-year survival of 15%-40%. Both local and distant recurrence plagues this population. Optimal management remains uncertain. Intergroup 0139 showed a doubling of survival in the subset of patients treated with chemoradiotherapy (CRT) followed by lobectomy versus CRT alone (36% vs. 18%, 5-year survival, p=0.002). The addition of immunotherapy to CRT has shown promising results in the PACIFIC trial, in a nonoperative stage III population (HR for overall survival=0.69; 95% CI 0.55-0.86 compared to CRT only). Interest has grown in combining four modes of therapy in a manner that minimizes toxicity; this has potential to transform the historically poor outcomes for operable stage III NSCLC. The population targeted in this trial is operable stage IIIA/B NSCLC, with histologically documented N2 disease. We seek to assess the feasibility and clinical impact of combined platinum doublet chemotherapy with 1125 mg durvalumab for operable stage III NSCLC as neoadjuvant therapy prior to anatomic resection, followed by postoperative radiation to 50-54 Gy, and subsequently durvalumab 1500 mg IV q 4 weeks for 1 year (Figure). [Formula presented] Methods: Patients with resectable Stage IIIA/B (T1-3 N2) NSCLC with biopsy proven N2 nodal involvement, performance status 0-1, adequate organ function and no contraindication for immunotherapy are potentially eligible. Target enrollment is 55 patients, anticipating 42 will undergo resection. Our hypothesis is that N2 nodal clearance (N2NC) will be higher (50% or greater) for neoadjuvant platinum doublet chemotherapy with durvalumab than historically observed (30% on average) for platinum doublet chemotherapy alone. The N2NC rate is the primary endpoint. In addition there will be a number of secondary endpoints including assessment of pathologic response, safety and tolerability, and overall survival. Support: AFT, Astra-Zeneca;. Identiﬁer: NCT04062708 Keywords: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy, stage 3 NSCLC, Surgery
P79.01 TCR Sequencing to Identify Responders in Patients with Stage III NSCLC Treated with Atezolizumab with Chemoradiation (AFT-16); Introduction: Immune checkpoint therapies have significantly enhanced overall survival for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but whether a specific patient will respond to therapy remains difficult to predict. We propose an approach of using T cell receptor (TCR) sequencing to address this uncertainty by comparing the T cell immune repertoires of patients with partial response (PR) to the repertoires of patients with progressive disease (PD), based on RECIST criteria. Methods: We conducted a multi-institutional phase II Alliance Foundation Trials study, AFT-16 (NCT03102242), to explore the safety and efficacy of atezolizumab before and after chemoradiation (CRT). 63 patients with stage IIIA/B NSCLC and performance status 0-1 were enrolled with the plan to receive 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab (1200 mg IV q 21 days) with restaging scans after cycles 2 and 4. Non-progressing patients continued on to receive carboplatin and paclitaxel (C/P) weekly with 60 Gy RT in 30 fractions, followed by 2 cycles of C/P consolidation and up to 9 months of additional adjuvant atezolizumab therapy. Peripheral blood mononuclear cell samples were collected before and after neoadjuvant treatment, and genomic DNA was isolated (gDNA). Survey resolution sequencing of the TCR CDR3 region was conducted using the immunoSEQ v3 platform (Adaptive Biotechnologies, Seattle, WA). We focused on blood samples from pre-therapy and after 2 or 4 cycles of atezolizumab. The pre-treatment and post-treatment Simpson clonality, observed richness, productive fraction, and nucleotide to amino acid convergence were calculated for all patients (pre-treatment: 18 PR, 12 PD; post-treatment: 17 PR, 7 PD). Significance was determined using the Mann-Whitney U test. These variables before treatment were used to train a random forest classifier. 100 trees and all four variables were considered at non-leaf nodes. The number of trees and variables were optimized by asymptotically minimizing out-of-bag error. Clonotypes that were significantly expanded or contracted after treatment were identified using a beta-binomial differential abundance model for patients with paired samples (16 PR, 7 PD). Results: There are no significant differences in the clonality, richness, and convergence between patients who demonstrated PR and PD before or after treatment. The productive fraction was significantly higher for patients demonstrating PD compared to PR before treatment (P =.02), and after treatment (P =.03). The random forest produced a 23.3% out-of-bag error (class errors: PR: 0.17, PD: 0.33; random classifier error: 30%) in predicting outcomes using pre-treatment variables. PR patients demonstrated an average of 3.63 contracted clonotypes while PD patients demonstrated an average of 0.29 (P = 0.046). Conclusion: Preliminary evidence suggests that there are detectable differences in the immune repertoires of patients demonstrating PR versus PD and that the differences before treatment may be used for early outcome prediction. Current shortcomings include the absence of tumor TCR sequencing, small numbers of patients, and low sequencing resolution that limit predictive machine learning. Future analysis will ideally include tumor TCR sequencing, comparisons of immune repertoires of additional patients, and “deep” sequencing data. We will also correlate TCR sequencing with clinical outcomes once these data are mature. Support: Alliance Foundation Trials; Genentech. Keywords: Immunotherapy, TCR, Machine learning
OA06.06 Clinical/Biomarker Data for Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable Stage IB-IIIB NSCLC: Primary Analysis in the LCMC3 Study; Introduction: Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor therapies are well tolerated and may be of benefit in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here we report clinical and biomarker data from the Phase II LCMC3 (NCT02927301) study evaluating pre-operative treatment with atezolizumab (anti-PD-L1) in patients with untreated stage IB to IIIB resectable NSCLC. Methods: Patients had clinical stage IB-IIIB resectable NSCLC and ECOG 0/1. Patients received neoadjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg intravenously every 3 weeks for ≤2 cycles followed by surgical resection (day 40±10). Those with clinical benefit could continue adjuvant atezolizumab for ≤12 months. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% viable tumor cells) at surgery in patients without known EGFR/ALK mutations. Secondary endpoints included MPR by PD-L1 status, tumor mutation burden (TMB), and adverse events (AEs), including treatment-related (TRAE) and immune-related (irAE). Biomarker analyses included multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF) image analysis, whole exome sequencing, RNA sequencing and multi-parameter flow cytometry. Results: The study included 181 NSCLC patients, of whom 159 had surgery (Table). In patients without known EGFR/ALK alterations, 30/147 (20.4% [95% CI: 14%-28%]) achieved MPR and 10/147 (6.8% [95% CI: 3%-12%]) achieved pathological complete response. The pre-surgery ORR (RECISTv1.1) was 7% (11/159), all partial responses. 143 (90%) patients had stable disease and 4 (3%) had progressive disease (missing RECIST assessment, n=1). AEs occurred in 178/181 (98%) patients, including AEs leading to discontinuation of treatment in 15/181 (8%), TRAEs in 122/181 (67%) and irAEs in 75/181 (41%). MPR was associated with PD-L1 status (clone 22C3), with 16% MPR in TPS<1% and 29% in TPS≥1% (P=0.117); MPR was 14% in TPS<50% and 37% in TPS≥50% (P=0.009). mIF showed that treatment increased the ratio of CD3+/CD8+ and GZMB+/CD8+ T-cells to CD3+/FOXP3+ cells in both tumor (n=45) and stromal (n=44) compartments, suggesting a shift toward T-cell activation. MPR was not observed in patients with known EGFR mutations (n=7; 1 additional patient did not have surgery) or ALK fusions (n=5). Median TMB was 7.2 mutations/Mb (range, 0.8-43.5) (n=53), and patients with higher TMB trended toward better pathological response. STK11/LKB1 and KEAP1 mutations were more frequent in non-MPR patients (Table). Biomarker analyses are ongoing. Conclusion: The trial met its primary endpoint of 20% MPR with neoadjuvant atezolizumab in patients with resectable stage IB-IIIB NSCLC. Data suggest MPR was positively associated with PD-L1 expression and negatively associated with EGFR/ALK alterations. Ongoing comprehensive analyses of biomarker data will provide insights into mechanisms of immunotherapy in lung cancers. [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant, atezolizumab, Early Stage Lung Cancer
FP12.09 Molecular Insight into NADIM Clinical Trial: Potential Immune Biomarkers of Pathological Response for NSCLC Patients.; Introduction: Many studies have demonstrated that chemo-immunotherapy is a promising approach for NSCLC patients but still exists a lack of prediction biomarkers of survival. We have recently showed that pathological response is a surrogate of progression free survival (PFS) including infiltrating immune cells as potential biomarker of pathological response in NADIM clinical trial (Provencio et al., 2020. Lancet Oncology, in press). New biomarkers in peripheral blood are being described, focused on the immune system response. Preliminary data was presented at WCLC 2019 however additional results are included in this report. Here we describe the effect of chemo-immune neoadjuvant treatment on resectable NSCLC stage III patients’ immune system and describe blood biomarkers that could help to identify responders to this combination therapy. Methods: Peripheral mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and plasma from NADIM clinical trial patients before and after chemo-immune neoadjuvant treatment were used. Phenotyping and activation levels of immune cell populations were analyzed by flow cytometry, focused on CD4 T cells, CD8 T cells, T cells NK like and NK cells. Moreover, characterization of the immune response was evaluated by a cytokine array. Clinical evaluation of pathological response, classified patients in 3 groups, complete (CPR, 0% tumor cells), major (MPR, <10% viable tumor) and incomplete (IPR, >10% viable tumor). Wilcoxon and Kruskall-Wallis statistic tests were used. Results: Even though we have previously described a decrease of T lymphocytes on tissue after treatment, we do not see these changes on blood. Thus, percentages of PBMCs (T cells, B cells, NK cells and macrophages) did not vary after neoadjuvant treatment. However, lower levels of activated CD4 T cells and NK cells were observed. Interestingly, this decrease was exclusively statistically significant for patients who achieved a CPR, but no differences were observed for MPR or IPR. As expected, detection of PD1+ cells after neoadjuvant Nivolumab (anti-PD1) treatment was almost completely abrogated, however, a trend for higher PD1+ cell proportions was observed in patients achieving CPR at diagnosis. Furthermore, many cytokines involved in immune response and described as putative biomarkers for immunotherapy in NSCLC as IL-2, IL-15, IL-6, IL-13 or IFN-gamma, among others, were decreased after neoadjuvant treatment. Notably, stratifying by pathological responses, this decrease was statistically significant only for non-complete responses. Conclusion: The analysis of immune cell markers on blood samples could be a source for potential surrogate markers of pathological response to neoadjuvant treatment on NSCLC patients. Similarly, to what occurs in tissue, CPRs showed differences compared to MPR or IPR in some blood markers, both at the cellular and cytokine level. Thus, after treatment, patients achieving CPRs do not seem to reduce their levels of cytokines such as IL-2, IL-15, IL-6, IL-13 or IFN-g associated with anti-tumor response, but they do reduce their levels of activated CD4 and NK cells
ES04.01 Navigating the Evaluation of Novel Systemic Agents in Stage III Disease; Navigating the Evaluation of Novel Systemic Agents in Stage III Disease. Karen Kelly, MD University of California, Davis, Sacramento California. Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is diagnosed in approximately 22% of lung cancer patients. For the majority of patients who are unresectable, the standard treatment is chemoradiotherapy followed by one year of consolidation durvalumab based upon the PACIFIC results that compared consolidation durvalumab to placebo (1). The recent 4-year efficacy data continued to show a significant overall survival and progression free survival benefit with durvalumab 49.6% versus 36.3% (HR=0.71;95% CI 0.57 – 0.88) and 35.4% versus 19.5% (HR=0.55; 95% CI 0.44-0.67), respectively (2). Durvalumab consolidation is the first major advancement in the treatment of Stage III disease in decades. However distant metastases remain the barrier to cure. Hence, continued evaluation of systemic agents is needed but how do we incorporate the evaluation of novel agents within this new regimen? There are multiple approaches: 1) the evaluation of dual immunotherapy regimens in the consolidation setting, 2) adding immunotherapy to the chemoradiotherapy backbone followed by consolidation immunotherapy, 3) the addition of neoadjuvant regimens, and 4) substituting immunotherapy for chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy. Trials evaluating each of these approaches are underway. Similar strategies are being pursued with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) for patients with oncogenic driven stage III NSCLC. For patients with resectable stage III NSCLC, consistent and impressive antitumor activity has been demonstrated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy across several small phase II trials. For example, NADIM a multi-center phase II trial administered 3 cycles of paclitaxel, carboplatin and nivolumab prior to resection in 46 patients with N2 or T4N0/1 NSCLC (3). The study met its primary endpoint of progression free survival at 24 months with 77% of patient’s progression free at this time point. Major pathological response was seen in 82.6% of patients with 63.4% of patients achieving a complete pathological response. Neoadjuvant TKIs are also being evaluated in this setting but face unique challenges. An important component of drug development includes parallel development of predictive biomarkers. This is critical for achieving our goal of precision therapy for Stage III patients. In the PACIFIC study, an unplanned subset analysis revealed patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 did not have a progression free or overall survival benefit compared to placebo (1). This information led the EMA to approve consolidation durvalumab in PD-L1 expressors while the FDA approval included all patients regardless of tumor PD-L1 expression level. Both tissue and blood based predictive biomarkers are under consideration.This presentation will review the multiple trial designs evaluating novel agents, show the current data utilizing these designs, discuss associated biomarkers and close with future directions. 1. Antonia SJ, Villegas A, Daniel D, et al. Durvalumab after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. N Engl J Med 377: 1919-1931, 2017. 2. Faivre-Finn C, Vicente D, Kurata T, et al. Durvlaumb after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III NSCLC: 4-year survival update from the Phase 3 PACIFIC trial. ESMO 2020. 3. Provencio M, Nadal E, Insa A, et al. Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy and Nivolumab in Resectable Non- Small-Cell Lung Cancer (NADIM): An Open-Label, Multicenter, Single-Arm, Phase II Trial. Lancet Oncol 2020; published online Sept. 24. Keywords: Novel Systemic Agents, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), Immunotherapy
P03.04 Phase II Study of TKIs as Neo(adjuvant) Therapy in Stage II–III Resectable NSCLC with ALK, ROS1, NTRK or BRAFV600 Alterations; Introduction: Despite complete surgical resection, cure rates remain unacceptable in early-stage NSCLC. Trials of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy have demonstrated a 5-year overall survival benefit of 5% for patients with resectable disease. Developing new treatment strategies to increase cures following resection is critical in this patient population. There are numerous immunotherapy trials ongoing in the neoadjuvant and adjuvant setting for patients with early-stage NSCLC. While there are a few targeted therapy trials in the adjuvant setting for patients with genetic alterations, neoadjuvant targeted therapies have remained incompletely explored in patients with potentially resectable NSCLC. Neoadjuvant trials allow for early trial read outs and in vivo efficacy assessment, which can guide adjuvant therapy options. The use of targeted therapies in patients with early-stage lung cancers with driver mutations has the potential to improve outcomes and provide an alternative treatment modality beyond immunotherapy and chemotherapy. Tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are hypothesized to provide greater clinical benefit with a more favorable safety profile than the current standard of care platinum-based chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant setting. This ongoing Phase II umbrella study (ML41591) is designed to determine the efficacy and safety of targeted therapies for patients with stage II–III NSCLC with ALK, ROS1, NTRK or BRAFV600 alterations. Methods: ML41591 is a Phase II, multicenter, non-randomized, open-label, umbrella study in patients with resectable stage II, IIIA, or selected IIIB NSCLC tumors that harbor fusions in ALK, ROS1, NTRK or BRAFV600 missense mutation. The study is designed to determine the efficacy and safety of targeted therapies, and to investigate potential surrogate biomarkers of response. Patients will be enrolled and assigned to treatment within the appropriate cohort: - ALK cohort: ALK gene rearrangements - alectinib - ROS1 cohort: ROS1 gene rearrangements - entrectinib - NTRK cohort: NTRK1/2/3 gene rearrangements - entrectinib - BRAF cohort: BRAFV600 mutation - vemurafenib plus cobimetinib. Each cohort will enroll approximately 25 patients. The study will be conducted in two parts: pre-surgery neoadjuvant treatment will evaluate pathologic response to neoadjuvant TKIs in each cohort. Patients who undergo surgery and whose tumors lack radiographic progression will enter the post-surgery surveillance phase, which includes adjuvant treatment and follow-up for survival. This portion of the trial is exploratory. Patients will receive 4 cycles of chemotherapy followed by TKIs as adjuvant therapy for up to 24 months. The primary efficacy objective for this study is to evaluate the major pathological response rate for each treatment, defined as ≤10% residual viable tumor cells in the surgical resection specimens. Secondary efficacy objectives include investigator-assessed radiographic response, pathologic complete response, disease-free survival, event-free survival, overall survival and circulating-tumor DNA clearance rate. This trial will also evaluate exploratory biomarkers pre- and post-treatment in tissue and blood and their correlation with clinical outcomes. Keywords: Induction, Neoadjuvant, Adjuvant
ES06.02 Radiation and IO for Operable Early Stage NSCLC; The goal of surgery in patients presenting with an early-stage NSCLC is cure, but novel treatment strategies are necessary in order to improve current outcomes. In patients presenting with a large primary tumor (T3/4) with limited volume nodal metastases (N1 or single station N2 disease), induction therapies including chemo-radiotherapy have been used to both improve the likelihood of a complete surgical resection, and to treat occult metastatic disease. However, despite trimodality treatments, between 30-50 % of these patients develop distant disease relapse. In fit patients with stage I NSCLC, distant metastases manifest in approximately 30% after primary surgery and a nodal recurrence. New treatment strategies are currently being investigated, notably neoadjuvant immunotherapy either as monotherapy, in combination with chemotherapy, or as a dual combination of immune-agents (IO) such as anti-PD-(L)1 and anti-CTLA-4 (dual-IO). A less commonly explored strategy is the use of combined neoadjuvant radiotherapy plus immunotherapy, either with or without chemotherapy. In the presence of a pre-treatment tumor mass, the neoadjuvant administration of immune checkpoint inhibitors can achieve immune priming or boosting as dying tumor cells are engulfed by antigen presenting cells, which in turn can drive tumor-specific memory T-cell responses. Findings of preclinical and early clinical studies suggest that a broader and stronger T-cell response may be induced with this approach (Rudqvist NP, 2018, Formenti S, 2018 ). A relatively unknown aspect of immunoradiotherapy is the optimal dose of radiation required in patients. Murine studies have shown radiation-induced immune responses orchestrated by the cGAS-STING pathway, which is attenuated by the DNA exonuclease TREX1, induced by radiation doses above 12-18 Gy (Vanpouille-Box C, 2017). For optimization of future clinical trial design, clinical information about the immunological effects of dose, fractionation schedule and scheduling with immunotherapy is urgently required. Ionizing radiation induces DNA damage, which can trigger immunogenic tumor cell death leading to a pro-inflammatory immune response (Chen DS, 2013). As the stress responses accompanying surgical trauma disrupt several immunological pathways, leading to immune suppression (Krall JA, 2018 ), the immune activation induced by neoadjuvant treatment can potentially protect against microscopic disease. This can lead to a diminished risk of distant metastases or even local disease recurrence. Potential risks of the neoadjuvant approach in general are the possibility of tumor progression with delayed surgery, delays arising from toxicity of induction therapy and uncertainty of the prognostic significance of a major pathological response (MPR) as study end-point. In addition, the optimal radiation doses for use with IO in the neoadjuvant setting are unclear, as is the impact of irradiating tumor draining lymph nodes (TDLN). With the use of highly-precise image guided radiotherapy approaches, not only can organs at risk be spared, but also irradiation of draining lymph nodes, which could lead to improved T-cell mediated immunity (van de Ven R, 2017). The relevant issues in trial design will be elaborated upon using ongoing trials exploring the safety and feasibility of radiotherapy and IO in operable early-stage NSCLC, including NCT02904954; EudraCT-Number: 2019–003454-83; EudraCT-Number: 2016-003819-36. Translational research will be an essential component of such trials as this may provide signals identifying the most promising immune priming neoadjuvant strategies. For example, the INCREASE trial [2019–003454-83; Dickhoff C, 2020] will investigate (i) the presence and distribution pattern of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL’s) in the tumor microenvironment (TME) at baseline and after induction therapy; (ii) correlate post induction TIL’s with residual tumor cells/pCR; (iii) changes in immune suppressive subsets/mechanisms in the TME and TDLN between pre and post induction; and (iv) correlation of these changes to residual viable tumor cells. Advanced immunological methods like multiplex IHC, multiparameter flow cytometry, immuno-PET imaging (Niemeijer AN, 2018) and molecular techniques (e.g. RNA sequencing, tumor-educated blood platelets [TEPs]) can give insights in immunological responses upon different doses and schemes of ionizing radiation and can provide promising insights for future trial design. Translational endpoints related to the characterization and spatiotemporal visualization of immune cells within the TDLN and TME will reveal whether (chemo-)radiotherapy and IO can induce a more pro-inflammatory immune response (e.g. increase in effector- and memory T cell subsets and activation of antigen presenting myeloid cells) and a decline in immune suppressive subsets (e.g. regulatory T cells and myeloid derived suppressor cells). Furthermore, the role of tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS) (Sautès-Fridman C, 2019) on responses to multimodality therapy, and their correlation with oncological outcomes, is being explored. References: Rudqvist NP. Radiotherapy and CTLA-4 Blockade Shape the TCR Repertoire of Tumor-Infiltrating T Cells Cancer Immunol Res. 2018 6(2):139-150. Formenti S. Radiotherapy induces responses of lung cancer to CTLA-4 blockade. Nat Med. 2018 24(12):1845-1851. Vanpouille-Box C. DNA exonuclease Trex1 regulates radiotherapy-induced tumour immunogenicity. Nat. Commun. 2017 8:15618. Chen DS. Oncology meets immunology: the cancer-immunity cycle Immunity. 2013 39(1):1-10. Krall J.A. The systemic response to surgery triggers the outgrowth of distant immune-controlled tumors in mouse models of dormancy. Sci Transl Med. 2018;10(436):eaan3464. van de Ven R. High PD-1 expression on regulatory and effector T-cells in lung cancer draining lymph nodes. ERJ Open Res. 2017;3(2):00110-2016. Dickhoff C. Ipilimumab plus nivolumab and chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery in patients with resectable and borderline resectable T3-4N0-1 non-small cell lung cancer: the INCREASE trial. BMC Cancer 2020;20(1):764. Niemeijer AN. Nat Commun. 2018;9(1):4664. Sautès-Fridman C. Tertiary lymphoid structures in the era of cancer immunotherapy. Nat Rev Cancer. 2019;19(6):307-325. Keywords: neoadjuvant irradiation, Immunotherapy, immunoradiotherapy
P60.11 TCR Repertoire Predicts Pathological Response in NSCLC Patients Receiving Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy from NADIM Trial; Introduction: Characterization of the T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire has become a novel approach to monitor immunotherapy responses, however there is lack of knowledge about its clinical relevance as predictive biomarker of pathological response in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. For this purpose, we analysed samples from the NADIM study (NCT03081689), in which resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients were treated with neoadjuvant Paclitaxel + Carboplatin + Nivolumab for 3 cycles, achieving a 63% of complete pathologic responses (CPR). PD-L1 TPS and TMB as CPR biomarkers showed AUC ROC of 0.77 and 0.55, respectively, reinforcing the need for new biomarkers (Provencio, M. et al. 2020). Methods: TCR repertoires from primary tumours or lymph nodes of 19 NSCLC patients were obtained, at both time points: diagnosis and after neoadjuvant treatment. TCR repertoire was analysed in terms of convergence, diversity, evenness and clonal space, defined as the summed frequency of clones belonging to a frequency group (top 1%, top 1% to 2%, 2% to 5%, and >5%) relative to the total T-cell repertoire. The results were correlated with pathological response groups and ROC curve analysis was performed to test if TCR repertoire-derived parameters could identify patients with CPR. Results: There were no statistically significant differences observed in TCR repertoire in biopsy samples in terms of diversity (p = 0,797) or convergence (p = 0,202) between the three pathological response groups or between biopsy and surgery samples. However, we observed differences in terms of evenness in biopsy samples between the pathologic response groups (p=0.037), which were lower in those patients who achieved CPR. The AUC for evenness was 0.844 (IC: 0.667-1.000), p=0,011. An evenness value of <0.8639 showed a sensitivity of 50% and specificity of 100% identifying patients with CPR. Moreover, the clonal space of the TOP 1% clones in diagnostic samples was higher in patients that achieved CPR (p=0.002). The AUC of this novel biomarker was 0.9667 (IC: 0.897-1.036) (p=0.0006). A TOP 1% clonal space higher than 0.1607 showed a sensitivity of 90% and specificity of 88.9% identifying patients with CPR. [Formula presented] Conclusion: Our results support the association between the uneven distribution of T-lymphocytes clones proportions present in the tissue at diagnosis and response to chemoimmunotherapy. Specifically, higher clonal space occupied by the TOP 1% clones seems to outperform PD-L1 and TMB as predictive biomarker of CPR in NSCLC patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. Keywords: TCR, NSCLC, neoadjuvant, chemoimmunotherapy
PS01.05 Surgical and Clinical Outcomes With Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable Stage IB–IIIB NSCLC: LCMC3 Trial Primary Analysis; Introduction: Here we report surgical and clinical outcomes in the Phase II LCMC3 (NCT02927301) study evaluating pre-operative treatment with atezolizumab (anti-PD-L1) in untreated stage IB-IIIB resectable NSCLC. Methods: Patients with stage IB-IIIB resectable NSCLC and ECOG PS 0/1 were eligible. Patients received neoadjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg intravenously q3w for ≤2 cycles (days 1 and 22) followed by resection (day 40±10). Patients deemed to have benefit continued on adjuvant atezolizumab for ≤12 months. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% viable tumor cells at surgery) in patients without EGFR/ALK+ mutations. Pre- and post-treatment positron emission tomography/computed tomography scans, pulmonary function tests and biospecimens were obtained. For safety analyses, adverse events (AEs) were classified as treatment-related (TRAE) or immune-related (irAE) and as pre-operative or post-operative (AE onset on or after date of surgery). Results: Follow-up data from post-surgery visit were analyzed for all enrolled and dosed patients with NSCLC (N=181). Baseline characteristics were: mean age, 65.1 years; female, 93/181 (51%); current smoker, 35/181 (19%); nonsquamous histology, 112/181 (62%); and clinical stages IB (n=16), IIA (n=20), IIB (n=60), IIIA (n=71) and IIIB (n=14). In patients without EGFR/ALK mutations who underwent surgery, the MPR rate was 20% (30/147; 95% CI: 14%-28%) and the pathological complete response rate was 7% (10/147; 95% CI: 3%-12%) (see Carbone, WCLC 2020). Surgical and clinical outcomes and perioperative AEs are in the Table. Following atezolizumab, unresectability was detected pre-operatively in 22/181 (12%) and intra-operatively in 7/159 (4%). The majority of patients (151/159; 95%) had anatomic resections; only 15/101 (15%) converted to thoracotomy. Pathologic downstaging was seen in 57/181 (31%). Only 19/159 (12%) had surgery outside of protocol window. Intraoperative complications were rare (5/159; 3%). 145/159 (91%) had complete (R0) resection. Postoperative TRAEs and irAEs correlated with fewer viable tumor cells in the resected specimen (both P<0.05; Table). 30- and 30-to-90-day mortality were each 1/159 (0.6%). DFS and OS at 1 year and 18 months will be presented. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable stage IB-IIIB NSCLC was well tolerated, with no safety concerns. The 20% MPR rate successfully met the primary study objective and was comparable to that with neoadjuvant cisplatin-based therapy. Following neoadjuvant atezolizumab, resection was performed (1) safely with low perioperative morbidity and mortality, (2) infrequently outside of the protocol window and (3) with high complete resection rates. [Formula presented] Keywords: Neoadjuvant, atezolizumab, Early Stage Lung Cancer
ES06.04 MPR and pCR as Primary Endpoints in Neaodjuvant Trials; Recent progress of therapeutic options for lung cancer expands neoadjuvant setting for advanced-stage patients. Pathologic regression degree of the resected lung specimen after neoadjuvant therapy can predict the survival outcome (Yamane, Y. et al. JTO 2010, Cascone T, et al. Ann Thorac Surg. 2018). Pathological response to neoadjuvant therapy is highlighting as a surrogate endpoint for survival or recurrence. The assessment method for regression grade of resected lung specimen after neoadjuvant therapy was reported in 1997 (Junker K et al. J Cancer Res Clin Oncol. 1997). IASLC multidisciplinary group has recently proposed the comprehensive recommendation for pathologic assessment of lung cancer resection specimens following neoadjuvant therapy in 2020 (Travis WD et al. JTO 2020). Major pathologic response (MPR) has been proposed as a surrogate marker defined as a 10% residual viable tumor following neoadjuvant therapy (Hellmann M.D. et al. Lancet Oncol. 2014). In their proposal, the pathological surrogate should have optimum qualities (Table 1). MPR is defined as less than 10% residual viable tumor after neoadjuvant therapy. MPR can be observed more frequently than a pathological complete response (pCR), defined as no viable residual tumor. The 10% cutoff is determined based on the previous studies on the pathologic assessment of resected lung after neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (Junker K, et al. J Cancer Res Clin Oncol. 1997; Pataer A et al. JTO 2012). According to IASLC recommendation, the resected lung specimen should be cut in 5-10mm serial section, then sampled optimal section to evaluate the tumor bed. A tumor bed is defined as the area composed of 1) viable tumor tissue, 2) necrosis, and 3) stromal tissue. Stromal tissues include both fibrosis and inflammation, which can be observed in a non-neoadjuvant specimen and have variable histologic features. It is difficult, sometimes impossible, to judge necrosis and stromal tissue whether it was the therapeutic response or not. The semiquantitative approach is practically recommended. The percentage of three components should be estimated as 10% in increments unless 5% in a single count and the total should be 100%. The pathologic response degree is calculated as a residual viable tumor percentage in the tumor bed. Pathologic assessment must sample the optimal area by careful pathologists’ observation in collaboration with surgeons and radiologists. The sections should include enough sections to determine the tumor bed and the tumor periphery to define the borderline. Pretreatment CT images may help to determine the complexity in the resected specimen. Lastly, several issues are on assessing pathologic response degree: reproducibility, reliability, and feasibility. It has been mentioned that neoadjuvant therapy response pathological features were different between chemotherapy and immunotherapy (Cottrell TR et al. Annals of Oncology. 2018); the optimal cutoff value may differ in several settings, including histology (Qu Y et al. JTO 2019). References: Yamane Y, et al. A Novel Histopathological Evaluation Method Predicting the Outcome of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Treated by Neoadjuvant Therapy; The Prognostic Importance of the Area of Residual Tumor. J Thorac Oncol. 2010;5:49-55. Cascone T et al. Induction Cisplatin Docetaxel Followed by Surgery and Erlotinib in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Ann Thorac Surg. 2018;105(2):418-24. Junker K, et al. Tumour regression in non-small-cell lung cancer following neoadjuvant therapy. Histological assessment. J Cancer Res Clin Oncol. 1997;123(9):469-77. Travis WD, et al. IASLC multidisciplinary recommendation for pathologic assessment of lung cancer resection specimens following neoadjuvant therapy. Journal of Thoracic Oncology. 2020. Hellmann MD, et al. Pathological response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancers: proposal for the use of major pathological response as a surrogate endpoint. Lancet Oncol. 2014;15(1):e42-50. Pataer A et al. Histopathologic response criteria predict survival of patients with resected lung cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. J Thorac Oncol. 2012;7(5):825-32. Forde PM, et al. Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade in Resectable Lung Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2018;378(21):1976-86. Cottrell TR, et al. Pathologic features of response to neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 in resected non-small-cell lung carcinoma: a proposal for quantitative immune-related pathologic response criteria (irPRC). Annals of Oncology. 2018;29(8):1853-60. Qu Y, et al. Pathologic Assessment After Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy for NSCLC: Importance and Implications of Distinguishing Adenocarcinoma from Squamous Cell Carcinoma. J Thorac Oncol. 2019;14(3):482-93. [Formula presented] Keywords: Major Pathologic Response (MPR), pathological complete response (pCR), Pathologic response degree of neoadjuvant therapy
P14.23 Different in Situ Immune Pattern Between Primary Tumor and Metastatic Lymph Node in NSCLC: Potential Impact on Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy; Introduction: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy is now preferred for locally-advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The in situ immune pattern, as potential predictor of PD-1/PD-L1 blockade outcomes, of the primary tumor (PT) and metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs) of NSCLC is unknown. Methods: Multiplex immunofluorescence staining and multispectral imaging were used to evaluate the in situ immune pattern of T cells (CD3+) and cytotoxic T cells (CD8+) in terms of density and location (center of tumor [CT] and invasive margin [IM]) and the PD-L1 expression status of tumor cells and stromal T cells of paired PTs and mLNs in 38 stage III NSCLCs. Results: The densities of T cells and cytotoxic T cells were correlated between PTs and mLNs at both CT and IM. Higher densities of stromal T cells (S-CD3+) at CT and both S-CD3+ and cytotoxic T cells (S-CD8+) at IM were observed in mLNs compared to PTs, while in tumor compartment, there were no differences in the densities of T cells (T-CD3+) or cytotoxic T cells (T-CD8+). Only the density of stromal PD-L1-positive T cells (S-PD-L1+CD3+) at CT was correlated between PTs and mLNs, while the densities and frequencies of S-PD-L1+CD3+ at CT and IM of mLNs were higher than PTs. The difference in the combine positive score of PD-L1 between PTs and mLNs was greater than that in the tumor proportion score. The results may further interpret a better immune-mediated pathologic response in mLNs, as a case of stage III (N2) NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy experienced pathologic complete remission of his mediastinal lymph node but only partial remission of the primary tumor. Figure 1. Multiplex immunofluorescence staining and multispectral imaging to visualize the expression of CD3, CD8, PD-L1 and cytokeratin (CK) in primary tumors (PTs) and metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs). Higher densities of CD3+ and CD8+ were observed in stroma compartment compared to tumor compartment in both PT and mLN. [Formula presented] Conclusion: The in situ immune patterns of T cells and cytotoxic T cells were different between PTs and mLNs in NSCLC. Higher densities of S-CD3+ and S-PD-L1+CD3+ in mLNs may resulted in a better immune-mediated pathologic response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Keywords: Neoadjuvant treatment, Immunotherapy, Tumor Microenvironment
ES03.05 Surgery as a Component of Local Consolidative Therapy; Historically, treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been stage-dependent, with surgery typically considered the standard of care for stage I disease and a potential component of multi-modality care for stages II-III. By contrast, for stage IV disease, therapy aimed at prolongation of life has included systemic treatments, including chemotherapy, and, in recent years, targeted agents and immunotherapy. For metastatic disease, surgery has previously had a fairly limited role. However, oligometastatic disease may offer a potential opportunity for more aggressive local options. The distinct tumor biology and limited disease burden may be associated with improved outcomes.1 The landmark oligometastatic trial published by Gomez in 20162 aimed to assess the effect of local consolidative therapy (LCT) on progression-free survival (PFS) of patients with 3 or fewer metastases who received standard first-line chemotherapy, and patients were randomized to LCT vs maintenance treatment. LCT improved PFS and time to development of new metastatic lesions. Moreover, comprehensive LCT (cLCT) was also shown to improve overall survival (OS).3 A subsequent review from our institution of 194 patients, including those both on and off the oligometastatic clinical trial, aimed to identify those patients who would derive greatest benefit from LCT.4 This study revealed that cLCT was associated with improved OS, with median survival of 29 months for cLCT compared to 23 months for those with subcomprehensive LCT or no LCT. Moreover, lower intrathoracic stage, non-squamous histology, and absence of bone metastases were all associated with improved OS after cLCT, theoretically identifying those patients most likely to benefit from aggressive local therapy—which can consist of surgery or radiation. In terms of surgery itself, we next aimed to evaluate the outcomes of operative pulmonary resection as LCT in oligometastatic disease,5 using radiotherapy as a benchmark comparator. Evaluating patients with 3 or fewer synchronous metastases and received LCT to all sites, we analyzed survival and progression. Surgery to the primary tumor was performed in 28% after a median of 3.7 months. 90-day post-treatment mortality after surgery was 0%, and, after a median follow-up of 57 months, median OS after surgery was greater than 55 months. Median OS for radiation in this group was 23 months. Thus, it was concluded that surgery should remain a component of LCT for operable oligometastatic NSCLC patients, and it should be considered in randomized trial for patients with metastatic disease. While surgery has demonstrated survival benefits in the oligometastatic population, the potential complexity of these procedures cannot be overstated. In our institutional experience, thoracotomies have been required in more than 4/5 of operations, and adhesions and hilar fibrosis have been common. Events such as need for proximal pulmonary arterial control and unplanned changes in extent of operation are not infrequent, and the majority of cases have been reported as more difficult than usual. Thus, proper patient selection for surgery is imperative, as is preparation for the types of resources potentially needed for these cases. Despite surgical complexity, ability to achieve negative margins and to safely manage the patients perioperatively has been reassuring. Given the success of surgery as a component of LCT, surgery has become an important part of ongoing clinical trials evaluating LCT after novel agents for metastatic NSCLC. The LONESTAR trial6 aims to evaluate the benefits of LCT after immunotherapy, in that patients receive 12 weeeks of ipilumimab and nivolumab, after which those individuals with non-progressive disease are randomized to LCT + continued immunotherapy vs continued immunotherapy alone. While radiation is required to at least one disease site, surgery to the primary site of disease is emphasized whenever possible. Similar to the LONESTAR trial, the NORTHSTAR trial is investigating the role of LCT after tyrosine-kinase inhibitor therapy for patients with EGFR-mutant metastatic NSCLC. Patients who have non-progressive disease after 6-12 weeks of osimertinib are randomized to LCT vs continued targeted therapy, again, offering surgery whenever feasible to the primary site of disease.7 More recently, the BRIGHTSTAR trial was initiated, evaluating the role of LCT after 8 weeks of brigatinib for patients with metastatic ALK-mutated NSCLC, with the primary endpoints of safety and feasibility and secondary endpoints of PFS, OS, and time to progression.8 A number of patients have already undergone surgery on each of these trials, with promising perioperative outcomes. Despite the potential for innovation and expanded surgical indications, consideration must be given to the safety and potential technical challenges in such cases. We must consider issues related to fibrosis, adhesions, and sclerotic lymph nodes, as well as our limitations in identifying those patients with residual disease vs complete response. Surgery as LCT for oligometastatic NSCLC represents an exciting frontier for thoracic surgery, as a potential opportunity to help patients with advanced disease. Implications for training and resource allocation remain ever pertinent, and surgery needs to be considered as a potential therapeutic component in novel clinical trials in even advanced disease. References: 1. Hellman S, Weichselbaum RR. Oligometastases. J Clin Oncol. 1995 Jan;13(1):8-10. 2. Gomez DR et al. Local consolidative therapy versus maintenance therapy or observation for patients with oligometastatic non-small-cell lung cancer without progression after first-line systemic therapy: a multicentre, randomised, controlled, phase 2 study. Lancet Oncol. 2016 Dec;17(12):1672-1682. 3. Gomez DR et al. Local Consolidative Therapy Vs. Maintenance Therapy or Observation for Patients With Oligometastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: Long-Term Results of a Multi-Institutional, Phase II, Randomized Study. J Clin Oncol. 2019 Jun 20;37(18):1558-1565. 4. Mitchell KG et al. Improved Overall Survival With Comprehensive Local Consolidative Therapy in Synchronous Oligometastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. Clin Lung Cancer. 2020 Jan;21(1):37-46.e7. 5. Mitchell KG et al. Pulmonary resection is associated with long-term survival and should remain a therapeutic option in oligometastatic lung cancer. J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg. 2020 Mar 25:S0022-5223(20)30633-4. 6. Phase III Trial of (LCT) After Nivolumab and Ipilimumab, 7. Elamin YY et al. Randomized phase II trial of osimertinib with or without local consolidation therapy (LCT) for patients with EGFR-mutant metastatic NSCLC (NORTHSTAR). Annals of Oncology (2018)29 (suppl_8):viii493-viii547. 8. Elamin Y et al. BRIGHTSTAR: A pilot trial of local consolidative therapy (LCT) with brigatinib in tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)-naïve ALK-rearranged advanced NSCLC.Journal of Clinical Oncology 2020 38:15_suppl, 9624-9624 Keywords: Surgery, OLIGOMETASTATIC, NSCLC
P82.02 Stereotactic Ablative Radiotherapy with Nivolumab for Early-Stage Operable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: a phase 2 study; Introduction: Surgery is the current standard of care for patients with stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, five-year cancer-specific mortality can reach up to 30%. Moreover, a portion of patients have major comorbidities, with elevated surgical risk and impaired lung function, thus precluding curative surgery from being performed. For such patients, treatment with stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) leads to adequate local tumor control, but has a high rate of regional and distant failure. In addition, SABR as neoadjuvant therapy for stage I NSCLC produced a pathologic complete response (pCR) rate of 60% when surgery was performed after 10 weeks of treatment, which was lower than anticipated for an ablative curative therapy. These findings warrant improvement in the management of both operable and inoperable early-stage NSCLC. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) are routinely used for metastatic disease. In the neoadjuvant setting, single-agent anti-PD-1 produced major pathologic response (MPR) rate of up to 45%. The potential synergy between radiotherapy and ICI has been described in several studies and is currently under investigation in early-stage NSCLC who are not candidates for surgery. In our study, we plan to treat operable patients with neoadjuvant SABR combined with nivolumab, followed by standard surgery. We aim to improve pCR rate and tumor control at 12 months. Furthermore, we will perform translational studies to elucidate the effects of this combination in the surgical specimen and evaluate its role in the care of early-stage NSCLC patients. Methods: This is a phase 2, single-arm, open-label study evaluating neoadjuvant treatment with nivolumab in combination with SABR in patients with NSCLC measuring up to 4 cm, restricted to one pulmonary lobe, with no clinical lymph node involvement (AJCC 8th edition: up to cT2aN0), and adequate surgical conditions. Thirty patients will be accrued. Nivolumab will be administered at a dose of 360 mg every 21 days for 3 doses or until unacceptable toxicity. Continuous monitoring for toxicity will be performed. SABR will be started on D1 of nivolumab, with a duration of 1 to 2 weeks, depending on the lesion size and location (3 x 18 Gy; or 5 x 10 Gy; or 8 x 7.5 Gy). Standard surgery will be performed around 10 (+- 2) weeks after the last radiotherapy dose. The primary endpoint of the study is pCR rate at surgery. Assuming a pCR rate of 60% with SABR alone (historical control based on phase 2 data), and considering a two-sided alpha level of 5%, our study will have an 80% power to show that the pCR rate increases to 84% (40% relative increase) with the addition of nivolumab to SABR. The following translational procedures will be performed: pre and post-treatment gut microbiome analysis and peripheral blood flow cytometry to evaluate immune cell proliferation; baseline somatic molecular panel and microRNA expression; panels will be repeated in residual viable cells, if present, to determine mechanisms of resistance. This study is open for enrollment (NCT04271384). One patient has concluded study treatment so far and achieved a pCR. Keywords: stereotactic body radiotherapy, Nivolumab, lung cancer
P03.01 A Randomized Phase II Trial of Adjuvant Pembrolizumab vs Observation after Curative Resection for Stage I NSCLC with Primary Tumors Between 1-4 cm; Introduction: There are approximately 35,000 cases of stage I lung cancer in the United States each year. While these patients have better 5-year overall survival (OS) rates than their counterparts with locally advanced and metastatic disease, there is still considerable room for improvement. Based on a recent publication validating the 8th edition of the TNM classification, the 5-year OS for node-negative pathologically-staged NSCLC between 1-4cm ranges from 73-86%, and recurrence rates for resected stage I NSCLC can range from 18-38%. Previous studies looking at adjuvant chemotherapy in this setting have shown no benefit for stage IA tumors, and the current standard of care is observation alone. Checkpoint blockade with PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors has shown considerable activity in NSCLC including in metastatic disease, as consolidation in stage III disease after chemoradiation, and in studies evaluating neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Given this activity and their favorable safety profile, we designed a study of adjuvant PD-1 inhibition following resection in stage I NSCLC. Methods: This study is a randomized phase II multicenter trial of adjuvant Pembrolizumab versus observation alone following complete resection of stage I NSCLC with tumors between 1-4cm. The trial will enroll 368 patients randomized 1:1 to either Pembrolizumab 200mg IV every 3 weeks for up to 17 cycles or observation alone with scheduled CT scans and routine clinical follow-up. Stratification factors include PD-L1 TPS ≥50% vs. <50% and tumor size of 1-2cm vs. >2-4cm. The sample size is based on the hypothesis that adjuvant Pembrolizumab will increase 3-year disease free survival (DFS) from 75% to 84.15% (HR=0.6) with a power of 80% and a type I error of 0.1. The lead site is Indiana University, and the trial will be conducted through the Big Ten Cancer Research Consortium. The primary endpoint is DFS, and secondary endpoints include OS, DFS at 1-, 2-, and 3-year time points, and toxicity. The trial opened to accrual at the lead site in May 2020, and there are currently 2 patients enrolled. [Formula presented] Results: Conclusion Keywords: Adjuvant, Immunotherapy, NSCLC
P79.05 Phase II Randomized Trial of Neoadjuvant Pembrolizumab +/- Chemotherapy for Operable Stage IA3-IIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Introduction: Surgery remains a cornerstone of cure for early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The value of systemic therapy for node negative early stage lung cancer is unclear, yet local and distant recurrence rates remain high after surgery. The advent of immunotherapy for advanced NSCLC has created new opportunities for patients. With better side effect profiles, improved outcomes and prolonged survival, immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI) as a single agent or in combination has become a first-line therapy in advanced NSCLC. Emerging data indicate that these advantages may be translated to early stage NSCLC. Previous studies have demonstrated safety and tolerability of neoadjuvant ICI for patients with operable NSCLC, as well as unprecedented major pathological response (MPR) rates, ranging from 20 to 75%. However, the ideal timing and regimen remain unknown. It is also unknown how the degree of pathological response should impact the extent of surgical resection. Determining the likelihood of complete pathological response (pCR) prior to surgery through clinically available biomarkers is therefore key. Radiomic and ctDNA technologies are attractive for this purpose. This phase II study aims to evaluate the use of clinically available biomarkers during neoadjuvant therapy with pembrolizumab alone or in combination with chemotherapy for stage IA3-IIA operable NSCLC to predict the likelihood of pCR. Furthermore, we aim to derive predictive data from single-cell RNA sequencing transcriptomic signatures and imaging mass cytometry tumor immune microenvironment signatures, and correlate these to ctDNA resolution and pCR. Together, these strategies may allow for more limited planned surgical resection strategies and greatly inform the care of patients with advanced NSCLC. Methods: This is a single-site prospective randomized open-label phase II trial enrolling patients aged ≥18 years with previously untreated, operable, histologically confirmed stages IA3-IIA NSCLC (AJCC 8th ed), ECOG 0-1, no immunodeficiency, no active pregnancy and available tumor biopsy samples for PD-L1 testing. 44 participants will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio between 3 cycles of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W (Arm A) vs. neoadjuvant pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W with platinum doublet chemotherapy (carboplatin AUC 6 900 mg with paclitaxel 200 mg/m2 [squamous and mixed histology] vs. carboplatin AUC 5 750 mg with pemetrexed 500 mg/m2 [non-squamous histology]) (Arm B). All patients will be offered adjuvant pembrolizumab 400 mg Q6W for 6 cycles. Based on tumor board assessment, standard of care adjuvant chemotherapy will be offered only if indicated. Randomization will be stratified by PD-L1 tumor proportion score (<50%, ≥50%). An anatomical lung resection (pneumonectomy, lobectomy or segmentectomy) is required at surgery with complete mediastinal lymph node dissection. All participants will undergo longitudinal ctDNA measurement. Response will also be assessed with imaging (diffusion-weighted MRI, CT and PET). Primary endpoint is ctDNA resolution during neoadjuvant therapy. Secondary endpoints are MPR (≤10% viable tumor cells in resected primary tumor/lymph nodes), pCR (no residual invasive cancer in resected lung specimen/lymph nodes), safety (CTCAE v5.0 or later) and imaging scores. Exploratory endpoints include overall survival (randomization to all-cause death) and disease-free survival (randomization to first of disease progression, unresectable tumor, recurrence or death). Keywords: Immune Checkpoint Inhibition, non-small cell lung cancer, neoadjuvant therapy
The safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant programmed death 1 inhibitor therapy with surgical resection in stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Lung cancer ranks as the most prevalent solid cancer in the world. The non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) histological subtype accounts for the largest proportion of lung cancers. Even though neoadjuvant therapy has shown encouraging efficacy for resectable NSCLC, there is a lack of clinical data on the treatment of stage IIIA NSCLC patients. Therefore, we carried out an evaluation of the safety and efficacy of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor as an addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Methods: This prospective study involved 72 treatment-naive adult subjects with stage IIIA NSCLC between September 2019 and July 2020. Two circles PD-1 inhibitor with chemotherapy (Albumin paclitaxel 100 mg/m2 d1,8 + Carboplatin AUC 5 d1) were administered intravenously every 3 weeks. The patients were operated on between 3 and 5 weeks following the second cycle. Feasibility and safety served as the primary endpoints for this study. The rates of pathologic complete response, complete resection, response rate, and operative and postoperative complications among the patients were also analyzed. Results: Seventy-two patients with untreated stage IIIA NSCLC were enrolled. The postoperative pathological specimens of 21 (29.1%) and 47 (65.2%) patients suggested pathologic complete response and partial remission, respectively. Neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor with chemotherapy had an acceptable side effect profile, and none of the subjects withdrew from the study preoperatively due to disease progression or toxicity. According to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RESIST), responses evaluated by CT scan before surgery, 21 and 47 patients achieved complete response (CR) and partial response (PR), respectively, and a single patient was evaluated as stable disease (SD). There were no postoperative deaths. Conclusions: The outcomes of PD-1 inhibitor with chemotherapy as a novel treatment for stage IIIA NSCLC in the neoadjuvant setting are satisfactory with respect to the high R0 resection rate and low toxicity profile. Prospective comparative and longer follow-up trials are needed to confirm the long-term outcomes of this novel treatment and to reach definitive conclusions.
Neoadjuvant Gene-Mediated Cytotoxic Immunotherapy for Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: Safety and Immunologic Activity; Predina and colleagues describe a phase I dose-escalation trial using bronchoscopic delivery of a replication-deficient adenovirus expressing herpes simplex thymidine kinase (AdV-tk) in lung cancer patients who underwent surgery. AdV-tk injection proved safe, feasible, and effectively induced CD8+ T cell activation in blood and in resected tumor tissues.
CD73 expression defines immune, molecular, and clinicopathological subgroups of lung adenocarcinoma; Introduction: CD73 is a membrane-bound enzyme crucial in adenosine generation. The adenosinergic pathway plays a critical role in immunosuppression and in anti-tumor effects of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). Here, we interrogated CD73 expression in a richly annotated cohort of human lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) and its association with clinicopathological, immune, and molecular features to better understand the role of this immune marker in LUAD pathobiology. Materials and methods: Protein expression of CD73 was evaluated by immunohistochemistry in 106 archived LUADs from patients that underwent surgical treatment without neoadjuvant therapy. Total CD73 (T +) was calculated as the average of luminal (L +) and basolateral (BL +) percentage membrane expression scores for each LUAD and was used to classify tumors into three groups based on the extent of T CD73 expression (high, low, and negative). Results: CD73 expression was significantly and progressively increased across normal-appearing lung tissue, adenomatous atypical hyperplasia, adenocarcinoma in situ, minimally invasive adenocarcinoma, and LUAD. In LUAD, BL CD73 expression was associated with an increase in PD-L1 expression in tumor cells and increase of tumor-associated immune cells. Stratification of LUADs based on T CD73 extent also revealed that tumors with high expression of this enzyme overall exhibited significantly elevated immune infiltration and PD-L1 protein expression. Immune profiling demonstrated that T-cell inflammation and adenosine signatures were significantly higher in CD73-expressing lung adenocarcinomas relative to those lacking CD73. Conclusion: Our study suggests that higher CD73 expression is associated with an overall augmented host immune response, suggesting potential implications in the immune pathobiology of early stage lung adenocarcinoma. Our findings warrant further studies to explore the role of CD73 in immunotherapeutic response of LUAD.
MO01.23 Canakinumab or Pembrolizumab as Monotherapy or in Combination as Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients with Surgically Resected Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): CANOPY-N Trial; Background: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment for patients with stage I-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 5-year survival rates range from 19-50%, with most patients dying from distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy improves overall survival by only 5% in patients with NSCLC, and new treatment options are needed. Preliminary data with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy has shown major pathologic responses (MPR) or pathologic complete responses (pCR) in patients with early stage NSCLC. CANTOS study demonstrated reduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality with canakinumab (an IL-1β inhibitor) versus placebo, in a dose-dependent manner for patients with atherosclerosis. In preclinical NSCLC humanized models, treatment with canakinumab with or without an anti PD-1 inhibitor demonstrated anti-tumor activity. Combination of canakinumab and pembrolizumab is expected to enhance the efficacy of PD-1 inhibition by inhibiting dysregulated inflammation in tumor microenvironment. Based on available evidence, CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate effect of canakinumab and pembrolizumab as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a phase II, randomized, open-label study evaluating effect of canakinumab or pembrolizumab monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant treatment in resectable NSCLC patients. Histologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA, treatment-naive, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0-1 NSCLC patients eligible for surgery and with a planned surgical resection in approximately 4-6 weeks (after 1 dose of study treatment), are eligible to participate. An archival (if obtained up to 6 months before 1 day of treatment) or new biopsy is required. Approximately 110 patients will be randomized in 2:2:1 ratio (stratified by histology [squamous/non-squamous]) to one of the treatment arms to receive a total of 2 doses (200 mg Q3w) of canakinumab alone (n = 44) or in combination with pembrolizumab (n = 44) or pembrolizumab alone (n = 22) with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study drug dose. Primary endpoint is to determine MPR rate (≤10% of residual viable tumor cells at time of surgery). Secondary endpoints include determination of overall response rate, MPR rate based on local review, surgical feasibility rates, anti-drug antibodies incidence and pharmacokinetic parameters.
TS01.04 Racial Disparity in the Timely Treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) represents about 85% of all lung cancer cases. It has been well established that surgery and adjuvant treatment significantly improve nonmetastatic NSCLC survival. Delayed treatment has been associated with worse survival. While black patients have higher incidence and mortality of lung cancer than white patients, it is unknown whether there is racial disparity in receiving timely treatment. Methods: White and black patients diagnosed with stage I-IIIA NSCLC in Louisiana between 2004 and 2016 who received surgery were identified. Patients who received neo-adjuvant treatment or had unknown sequence of surgery and other treatment were excluded. Exposure variable was race (white vs. black). Outcome variables included delayed surgery (receiving surgery >3 weeks after tumor diagnosis) and delayed adjuvant treatment (receiving adjuvant treatment >6 weeks after surgery). Adjuvant treatment included chemotherapy, radiation, or immunotherapy. Multivariable logistic regression was applied adjusting for age, sex, marital status, insurance, census-tract level urbanicity and poverty, comorbidity, tumor size, grade, stage, lymph node involvement, and surgery type. Results: Out of 4,123 patients evaluated, 1,179 received adjuvant treatment. Black patients were more likely to be younger, unmarried, insured with Medicaid, living in urban or high poverty area. In addition, black patients had more positive nodal tumors than white patients. The median time interval between tumor diagnosis and surgery was 26 days for white patients and 40 days for black patients. The median time interval between surgery and adjuvant treatment was 44 days and 47 days, respectively, for the two racial groups. About 55.8% white vs. 68.0% black patients received delayed surgery (P<0.0001), and 52.9% white vs. 59.8% black patients received delayed adjuvant treatment (P=0.05). After adjusting for covariates, the odds ratio (OR) of receiving delayed surgery for black patients was 1.49 (1.25-1.78) compared to white patients, and the OR of receiving delayed adjuvant treatment was 1.18 (0.86-1.62). Conclusion: Compared to white NSCLC patients, black patients are more likely to have longer wait time from diagnosis to surgery, but not from surgery to adjuvant therapy. Interventions are needed to improve the timeliness of surgery for black patients.
Emerging biomarkers for neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors in operable non-small cell lung cancer; The advent of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) has dramatically changed the treatment of patients with locally advanced unresectable and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Now, ICIs are undergoing evaluation as neoadjuvant therapy in patients with early-stage, resectable NSCLC using candidate surrogate endpoints of clinical efficacy, i.e., major pathologic response (MPR, ≤10% viable tumor cells in resected tumors). The initial results from early, small-scale trials are encouraging; however, they also reveal that a substantial number of patients with operable disease may not benefit from neoadjuvant ICIs. Consequently, much investigative effort is currently directed toward identifying mechanisms of resistance to ICI therapy in resectable NSCLC. There is also an urgent need for biomarkers that could be used to guide the clinical decision-making process and maximize the clinical benefit of ICIs in patients with early-stage, resectable NSCLC. Here, we summarize the initial results from the trials of neoadjuvant ICIs in patients with early-stage and locally advanced operable NSCLC and review the findings of studies investigating emerging biomarkers associated with those trials.
Induction treatment in patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer; Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) comprises a highly heterogeneous group of patients defined according to the extent and localization of disease. Patients with discrete N2 involvement identified preoperatively with resectable disease are candidates for multimodal therapy either with definitive chemoradiation therapy, induction chemotherapy, or chemoradiotherapy (CTRT) followed by surgery. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy has yielded comparable survival benefit to adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage II–III disease and may allow for downstaging the tumor or the lymph nodes, an earlier delivery of systemic treatment, and better compliance to systemic therapy. The use of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) as induction therapy shows encouraging activity and a favorable safety profile in patients with resectable early stage or locally advanced NSCLC. An unprecedented rate of pathological response and downstaging has been reported in single-arm clinical trials, especially when immunotherapy is combined with neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Ongoing randomized phase II/III clinical trials assessing the efficacy and safety of induction with immunotherapy plus chemotherapy have the potential to establish this therapeutic approach as a novel standard of care. These trials aim to validate pathological response as a surrogate marker of survival benefit and to demonstrate that this therapeutic strategy can improve the cure rate in patients with stage II–III NSCLC.
Stage I non-small cell lung cancer: Treatment modalities, Dutch daily practice and future perspectives; Objectives: Several treatment modalities are available for patients with stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Over the past decade, these treatment modalities have been further investigated and might have changed current treatment regimens. In this review we present an overview of the treatment options, developments and future perspectives for stage I NSCLC. Furthermore, we describe the current use of these treatment modalities in the Netherlands. Materials and Methods: A bibliographical search was performed in PubMed and the Cochrane Library for publications concerning treatment modalities for stage I NSCLC. In addition, evidence-based guidelines of the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) and the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) were studied. Results: The guideline-recommended treatment for operable stage I NSCLC patients is a lobectomy with systematic lymph node dissection. Inoperable patients or those refusing surgery are offered stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR). Percutaneous ablation, such as radiofrequency ablation, is a non-surgical minimally invasive technique offered to those who are ineligible for surgery or SABR. The role of systemic therapy is currently limited. However, the efficacy of immunotherapy is being investigated in clinical trials. In the Netherlands, an increasing use of SABR and a relative decrease in resection rates have been observed. Conclusion: Surgery and SABR are currently the prevailing treatment modalities for stage I NSCLC patients. Despite optimization of treatment regimens, survival of patients with stage I NSCLC remains to be improved. Future studies are required to optimize treatment strategies, but also to investigate factors influencing treatment decision-making for patients with stage I NSCLC.
Novelties in adjuvant and neodjuvant treatment of NSCLC; Lung cancer is the most common killer among all malignant diseases with five-year survival below 20%. Unfortunately, despite all progresses that have been done with the treatment of metastatic disease there were little progress in improving survival in the last decade. On of the reasons for that is that only one third of patients are diagnosed in early stage or locally advanced disease where curative treatments, like surgery or chemo-radiotherapy are possible. Surgery is treatment of choice in patients with early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Nevertheless, 5-year survival rates in stage IA are 80 to 90%, in stage IB 70%, in stage II 50 to 60%, and in stage III below 50%. The current common perioperative treatment strategy is chemotherapy, either as neoadjuvant or in adjuvant setting. The idea of adding chemotherapy to radical surgical treatment is to improve survival by killing potential micro-metastases present at the time of surgery which are not possible to detect by current diagnostic procedures. LACE meta-analysis has proven that adding platinum-based chemotherapy after radical surgery is improving survival in early stages of non-small cell lung cancer patients. A meta-analysis of preoperative treatment showed that there is prolonged overall survival (OS) compared with surgery alone. Preoperative chemotherapy and postoperative chemotherapy are similarly effective according to clinical trials. However, some studies suggested that the effect of preoperative chemotherapy is poorly efficacious for the N0 and N1 stage, and vast majority of positive results were driven by effect in N2 disease. Perioperative treatment with molecular targeted agents Epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) were most heavily tested in perioperative setting in early stage NSCLC. Studies RADIANT and CTSUBR19 performed in adjuvant setting included unselected patients failed to show improvement in overall population of included patients. However, in subgroup of patient with present EGFR driver mutations improvement in overall survival was noticed. The CTONG1104 trial comparing gefitinib with chemotherapy only in EGFR positive patients showed an increase in disease free-survival (DFS) but there was no improvement in overall survival. Recently published ADAURA trial compared osimertinib with chemotherapy in EGFR positive radically resected early stage NSCLC showed statistically and clinically significant improvement in DFS. OS data are still awaited but this really significant difference in DFS put osimertinib as standard of care in EGFR positive patients who are radically operated. Perioperative treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitor Perioperative therapies using immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) are likely to develop in the future, but unfortunately, they are only early phases of clinical trials published. ICI are tested as neoadjuvant approach like monotherapy or in combination with chemotherapy or in adjuvant setting, mostly as monotherapy. Forde and colleagues reported preoperative immunotherapy with nivolumab, an anti-PD-1 anti body, in a pilot study. There were no significant safety issues, and 45% achieved a major pathological response (MPR). Several other studies with nivolumab together with ipilimumab, monotherapies with pembrolizumab or atezolizumab, have reported improvements in MPRs in neoadjuvant settings. Large phase III trials are investigating different ICIs in adjuvant settings, but we should still wait for the results of these studies because OS is major end-point in adjuvant setting. Conclusion In patients with early stage lung cancer treatment with curative intent is indicated. There are several strategies hot to improve survival. The mostly used one at the moment is perioperative use of cisplatinbased chemotherapy, either in neoadjuvant or in adjuvant setting. Molecular based adjuvant treatment (especially in EGFR positive patients) is coming into everyday clinical practice. Immune-check point inhibitors are widely used in advanced stages of NSCLC and at the moment they are largely tested as a part of perioperative treatment in early stages of NSCLC.
Phase II trial of toripalimab plus chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment in resectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NeoTPD01 Study); Background: Multi-modality treatment provides modest survival benefits for locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Preoperative immunotherapy has continuously been shown to be promising in treating resectable NSCLC. The current study aimed to investigate the activity and safety of the PD-1 inhibitor, toripalimab, with chemotherapy given as neoadjuvant treatment for resectable stage III NSCLC in Asian population. Methods: Eligible patients recruited were aged 18 years or older with histologically confirmed AJCC-defined stage IIIA or T3-4N2 IIIB NSCLC who deemed surgically resectable. Patients received 3 cycles of neoadjuvant treatment with intravenous toripalimab (240 mg), carboplatin (area under curve 5), and pemetrexed (500 mg/m2 for adenocarcinoma) or nab-paclitaxel (260 mg/m2 for others) on day 1 of each 21-day cycle. Surgical resection was performed 4-5 weeks following the first day of the last cycle of treatment. The primary endpoint was major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% viable tumor cells). Secondary endpoints included pathological complete response (pCR), R0 resection rate, disease-free survival and safety. Paired primary tumor +/- lymph node and blood samples at baseline and surgery were obtained for exploratory study. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04304248. Results: Between August 2019 and July 2020, 33 patients (median age: 61, IQR: 56-66; female: 6, 18.2%) were enrolled and received neoadjuvant treatment. 18 (54.5%) patients had squamous cell lung cancer, and 13 (39.4%) had T3-4N2 stage IIIB disease. Two patients refused surgery and one had progressive disease after treatment. 30 (91.9%) patients underwent resection (median interval between neoadjuvant treatment and surgery: 36.5 days, IQR 30-42.5) and all except one achieved R0 resection (29/30, 96.7%). 20 patients (20/30, 66.7%) had an MPR, including 15 patients (15/30, 50.0%) had a pCR in the per-protocol population. Surgical complications included three arrhythmias, one prolonged air leak, and one chylothorax. 24 patients (80.0%) had pathological downstaging following treatment, and complete lymph node clearances (ypN0) were seen in 70.0% (21/30) of patients. The most common grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events in the intention-to-treat population were anemia (2, [6.0%]). Severe treatment-related adverse event included one (3.0%) patient with grade 3 peripheral neuropathy (Guillain-Barré syndrome) and resulted in surgery cancellation. At the time of data cutoff (Feb 7, 2021), the median duration of follow-up was 4.13 months, and there were no treatment-related deaths. Conclusions: Toripalimab plus platinum-based doublet yields a high MPR rate, manageable treatment-related toxicity, and feasible surgical resection in resectable stage III NSCLC. Ongoing analysis of biomarker will be available at the meeting.
Impact of genomic aberrations and additional therapies on survival outcomes of patients with operable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) from the NEOSTAR study; Background: The NEOSTAR study compared nivolumab (N) vs. nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI) with major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% viable tumor) as primary outcome. We report updated rates of treatment failure (TF), including in patients whose tumors harbored genomic aberrations, and outcomes of additional treatments. Methods: Patients (pts) with stage I-IIIA resectable NSCLC (AJCC 7th) were randomized to either neoadjuvant N or NI followed by surgery (n = 44). TF was defined as radiographic and/or biopsy-proven recurrence from primary lung cancer and/or death (treatment or cancer-related). Additional systemic therapy at recurrence included immuno-oncology (IO)-based therapy (IO or chemo-IO), targeted therapy (TT), or chemotherapy. Disease control rate (DCR) was defined as the proportion of pts with radiographic objective responses and stable disease at first restaging. Cox proportional hazards model was used to associate baseline characteristics and time to TF. Results: A total of 44 randomized pts were evaluated, the median follow-up was 35 months (mts) as of February 4, 2021. Among the 12 TF pts (12/44, 27%), 42% (5/12) did not undergo surgery on trial, 9 (9/44, 20%) experienced recurrence and 6 (6/44, 14%) died (1 non-cancer-related, 5 cancer-related). TF was less likely in smokers vs. never smokers (hazard ratio = 0.20, 95% confidence interval = 0.06-0.65, p = 0.007). Among pts with pathological specimen resected on trial, MPR was achieved in 40% (12/30) of non-TF pts. Only 1 (1/7, 14%) TF pt achieved MPR, but died of a non-cancer related cause. TF-free survival rate at 2 years was 92% in MPR and 78% in non-MPR pts. Eight (8/9, 89%) pts had tumors with canonical oncodriver aberrations (5 EGFR mutations, 1 with STK11+ KRAS Q61H mutations, 1 ALK translocation and 1 RET fusions). Of the 9 recurrences, 44% (4/9) were treated with IO therapy, and all 7 pts with targetable aberrations were treated with TT (3 after retreatment with IO therapies). Of the 4 pts retreated with IO therapy, duration between end of neoadjuvant and retreatment were 20, 17, 23, and 19 mts. Duration from retreatment until progression (PD) were 1, 1, and 2 mts, respectively. Last pt was treated without PD for 2 mts but switched to TT due to discovery of genomic aberration. IO retreatment achieved 25% DCR (1/4). In comparison, the DCR for TT treated pts was 71% (5/7, p = 0.242). Median time to treatment was 21 mts, and median time to PD was not reached. Among 32 non-TF pts, 12 had genomic analysis and 7 aberrations were found in 6 pts (2 STK11, 2 ERBB2, 1 STK11 + 1 KRAS G12C, and 1 KRAS G12C mutation). Conclusions: A 27% TF rate was observed after neoadjuvant IO. TF was less likely to occur in smokers and MPR pts, and 42% of TF pts did not undergo curative-intent surgery on trial. Genomic aberrations were common in pts with recurrence (89%), and treatment with TT achieved 71% DCR vs. 25% DCR with IO-based retreatment.
Surgical outcomes from the phase 3 CheckMate 816 trial: Nivolumab (NIVO) + platinum-doublet chemotherapy (chemo) vs chemo alone as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: CheckMate 816 (NCT02998528) is a randomized phase 3 study of neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo vs chemo in resectable NSCLC. The study met its first primary endpoint, demonstrating significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) with neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo. Here we report key surgical outcomes from the study. Methods: Adults with stage IB (≥ 4 cm)-IIIA (per AJCC 7 ed) resectable NSCLC, ECOG PS ≤ 1, and no known EGFR/ALK alterations were randomized to NIVO 360 mg + platinum-doublet chemo Q3W or chemo Q3W for 3 cycles (n = 179 each). Definitive surgery was to be performed within 6 weeks of treatment. Primary endpoints are pCR (defined as 0% viable tumor cells in lung and lymph nodes) and event-free survival; both are evaluated by blinded independent review. Feasibility of surgery and surgery-related adverse events (AEs) are exploratory endpoints. Results: Baseline characteristics were comparable between arms; 64% of patients (pts) were stage IIIA. Definitive surgery rates were 83% with NIVO + chemo (n = 149) vs 75% with chemo (n = 135). Reasons for cancelled surgery were disease progression (12 and 17 pts, respectively), AEs (2 pts/arm), or other scenarios (14 and 19 pts, respectively; including pt refusal, unresectability, poor lung function). Minimally invasive surgery rates were 30% and 22%, and conversion from minimally invasive to open surgery rates were 11% and 16% for NIVO + chemo and chemo, respectively. Lobectomy was performed in 77% vs 61% of pts, and pneumonectomy in 17% and 25% for NIVO + chemo vs chemo, respectively. AEs were responsible for delays of surgery in 6 pts in the NIVO + chemo arm and 9 pts in the chemo arm. An R0 resection was achieved in 83% vs 78% of pts and median residual viable tumor (RVT) cells in the primary tumor bed were 10% vs 74% for NIVO + chemo vs chemo. There was no increase in median (Q1, Q3) duration of surgery and length of hospitalization between NIVO + chemo vs chemo (184 [130, 252] vs 217 [150, 283] min; and 10.0 [7, 14] vs 10.0 [7, 14] days, respectively). Any-grade and grade 3-4 surgeryrelated AEs were reported in 41% vs 47% and 11% vs 15% of the NIVO + chemo vs chemo arms, respectively. Grade 5 surgery-related AEs were reported in 2 vs 0 pts in the NIVO + chemo vs chemo arms; 0 vs 3 pts died due to treatment-related AEs, respectively. Conclusions: In CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant NIVO + chemo did not impede the feasibility and timing of surgery, nor the extent or completeness of resection vs chemo alone; treatment was tolerable and did not increase surgical complications. NIVO + chemo led to increased depth of pathological response. The surgical outcome data from CheckMate 816 along with significant improvement in pCR support NIVO + chemo as a potential neoadjuvant option for patients with stage IB to IIIA resectable NSCLC.
AFT-16: Phase II trial of neoadjuvant and adjuvant atezolizumab and chemoradiation (CRT) for stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: A minority of the approximately 40,000 US patients diagnosed annually with stage III NSCLC can be cured by concurrent CRT. Standard adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) improve outcome for those patients who complete CRT with good performance status (PS) and without disease progression, but most patients diagnosed with unresectable stage III NSCLC will not meet the criteria for adjuvant ICI. AFT-16 investigated safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant and adjuvant atezolizumab as a strategy that may allow more patients to benefit from ICI. Methods: Eligible patients received 4 cycles (cy) of atezolizumab 1200 mg IV q 21 days followed by CRT with 60 Gy + weekly carboplatin and paclitaxel (CP), CP consolidation and adjuvant atezolizumab to complete 1 year of therapy (17 cy). The primary endpoint of disease control rate at 12 weeks (wks) has been reported. Secondary endpoints reported here include overall response rate, safety, and progression-free and overall survival (PFS, OS) measured from the start of induction therapy. Correlative science data and quality of life endpoints will be reported elsewhere. Results: 64 patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC, PS 0-1 and no active autoimmune disease or significant organ dysfunction were enrolled at 13 Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology sites from 11/2017 to 7/2019. 62 patients who received at least one dose of atezolizumab are included in this analysis. Median age was 63.9 years (range 38.1-86.5). Patients were 51.6% female, 77.4% white, 88.7% current & former smokers and 56.5% PS 0. All patients are off study treatment. Mean cycles of treatment received was 9 (1-17). 46 patients were alive at median follow up 24.1 mo (range 3 - 34.1 mo). PFS at 12 and 18 mo from start of induction atezolizumab was 66% (95%CI 55-79) and 57% (95%CI 45-71) respectively. Median PFS was 23.7 mo (95%CI 13.2-NE). OS at 18 mo was 84% (95%CI 75-94). Median OS is not yet estimable. Atezolizumab was well tolerated. One grade (gr) 4 Guillain-Barre syndrome and 1 each gr 3 pneumonia, pneumonitis and colitis were attributable to neoadjuvant atezolizumab. The remaining 9 severe adverse events were unrelated to ICI. Conclusions: Atezolizumab prior to and following CRT for stage III unresectable NSCLC was well tolerated with encouraging PFS and OS without unexpected safety signals. Analysis of correlative endpoints and quality of life are ongoing. Further study of induction atezolizumab is warranted in patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC.
The efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 inhibitor combined with platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Immunotherapy with antiprogrammed death 1 (PD-1) antibodies has revolutionized the treatment of metastatic and advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, its application in neoadjuvant scenario has not been well established. Here, we conducted a retrospective study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for patients with potentially resectable NSCLC. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed clinical records of patients with potentially resectable NSCLC (stage IIIA-IIIB) with non-driver gene mutation. The patients underwent neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy between March 2019 and October 2020. The outcomes included R0 resection rate, pathologic complete responses (pCR), major pathologic responses (MPR) and safety. The data of whole exome sequencing (WES) and RNA-sequencing (RNA-seq) from tumor samples respectively collected at baseline and at surgery after neoadjuvant therapy were also evaluated. Results: Out of a total of 30 stage III NSCLC patients (29 males and 1 female) at a median age of 56.5 years (range: 46-74), 22 patients (73.3%) had squamous cell carcinoma. Patients received toripalimab/pembrolizumab and platinumdoublet chemotherapy for 2 cycles before surgery. The median duration from final treatment to surgery was 31 days (range: 22- 82). One patient refused surgery, and 6 patients did not meet the surgical standards. 23 patients (76.7%) downstaged and reached the surgical standards after neoadjuvant therapy. Out of 23 patients with R0 surgical resection, 16 patients (69.6%) achieved MPR, including 7 patients (30.4%) achieved pCR. The median follow-up duration was 13 months (range: 2-21). As of Jan 20, 2021, no patient had relapsed or died. All grade and grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were reported in 43.3% and 10% of patients, respectively. The most common grade 1-2 TRAEs were transaminase increased (13.3%) and hypothyroidism (16.7%). One patient delayed surgical treatment due to grade 4 transaminase increased. Baseline expression of type-I HLA molecule was lower in MPR/pCR group than that in non-MPR group (HLA-F: p = 0.052). After neoadjuvant therapy, the expression of HLA-F in MPR/pCR patients was significantly increased (p = 0.0047) while the expression of HLA-B in non-MPR patients was decreased (p = 0.032) compared to that of the baseline, suggesting that neoadjuvant therapy may potentially facilitate specific antigen presentation in the tumor tissues of patients with MPR/pCR. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy for potentially resectable NSCLC is a tolerable treatment with an improved surgical resection rate, MPR and pCR. Based on our findings, a prospective, single arm, phase II study of neoadjuvant toripalimab combined with platinum-doublet chemotherapy is currently being conducted (NCT04144608).
Real-world treatment patterns in stages IA-IIIB non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Given the rising number of immunotherapy or targeted therapy trials, a call for real-world treatment (Tx) data among resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients is needed. We describe Tx patterns and timelines to Tx. Methods: Retrospective data were collected from the SEER Medicare database. Patient inclusion criteria: newly diagnosed NSCLC stages IA to IIIB between 2010 and 2015, ≥65 years of age, and continuously enrolled in Medicare Part A and B and no HMO enrollment for ≥7 months prior to diagnosis (Dx) date. A subset of patients with a follow-up of ≥12 months after Dx or ≥6 months after surgery were evaluated for Tx patterns. Results: Among 31,921 NSCLC patients identified, the mean (SD) age was 76 (7) years and 51% were female. AJCC (7 edition) stages included IA (25%), IB (21%), II (8%), IIIA (17%), and IIIB (30%). Among the 6,559 (21%) patients identified with a solitary pulmonary nodule (SPN) prior to Dx, the median [IQR] time from SPN to Dx was 29 [13, 67] days. Among the 24,952 (78%) patients who received Tx, the median [IQR] time from Dx to Tx was 31 [14, 54] days. Among 19,304 patients included in the Tx pattern analysis, 63% did not undergo surgery. Among resected patients with lymph node metastasis, only 64% (stage II), 74% (stage IIIA), and 52% (stage IIIB) of patients received chemotherapy (CT) before or after surgery (Table). Median [IQR] time in days between Dx and neoadjuvant or adjuvant CT was 29 [14, 48] and 84 [56, 119], respectively. Median [IQR] time in days between Dx and surgery was longer for patients with neoadjuvant Tx (Table). Median [IQR] time between surgery to adjuvant CT was 46 [33, 63] days, with 59% of patients receiving their adjuvant CT ≥ 6 weeks after surgery and 33% of patients receiving their adjuvant CT ≥ 8 weeks after surgery. Conclusions: A significant proportion of lymph node positive stage II or III NSCLC patients did not receive perioperative systemic therapy despite standard of care guidelines. This finding suggests a patient population with unmet need notwithstanding recommendations for systemic therapy.
A randomized phase II trial of adjuvant pembrolizumab versus observation following curative resection for stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with primary tumors between 1-4 cm: Big Ten Cancer Research Consortium BTCRC-LUN18-153; Background: There are approximately 35,000 cases of stage I lung cancer in the United States each year. While these patients have better 5- year overall survival (OS) rates than their counterparts with locally advanced and metastatic disease, there is still considerable room for improvement. Based on a recent publication validating the 8 edition of the TNM classification, the 5-year OS for node-negative pathologically-staged NSCLC between 1-4cm ranges from 73-86%, and recurrence rates for resected stage I NSCLC can range from 18-38%. Previous studies looking at adjuvant chemotherapy in this setting have shown no benefit for stage IA tumors, and the current standard of care is observation alone. Checkpoint blockade with PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors has shown considerable activity in NSCLC including in metastatic disease, as consolidation in stage III disease after chemoradiation, and in studies evaluating neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Given this activity and their favorable safety profile, we designed a study of adjuvant PD-1 inhibition following resection in stage I NSCLC. Methods: This study is a randomized phase II multicenter trial of adjuvant Pembrolizumab versus observation alone following complete resection of stage I NSCLC with tumors between 1-4cm. The trial will enroll 368 patients randomized 1:1 to either Pembrolizumab 400mg IV every 6 weeks for up to 9 cycles or observation alone with scheduled CT scans and routine clinical follow-up. Stratification factors include PD-L1 ≥50% vs. < 50% and tumor size of 1-2cm vs. > 2-4cm. Thelead site is Indiana University, and the trial will be conducted through the Big Ten Cancer Research Consortium. The primary endpoint is disease free survival (DFS), and secondary endpoints include OS, DFS at 1-, 2-, and 3-year time points, and toxicity. The trial opened to accrual at the lead site in May 2020, and there are currently 6 patients enrolled.
Features in genomics and tumor immune microenvironment in NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade; Background: Results from several clinical trials have preliminarily demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of single PD-1 inhibitors in neoadjuvant setting for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, only around 40% patients could achieve Major Pathological Response. How to select patients who could benefit from single PD-1 blockade remains elusive. Methods: In this study, we aimed to assess the association of PD-L1 expression, tumor mutation burden (TMB), copy number alteration (CNA, including copy number gain and loss) burden with the pathological response to neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade. We also evaluated the dynamic changes of tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) by analyzing pre-immunotherapy treatment tumor biopsy samples from twenty-nine NSCLC patients as well as the matched post-surgery samples after neoadjuvant sintilimab treatment and resection. Targeted DNA sequencing (543 genes), PD-L1 immunochemistry staining (22C3) and multiplex immunofluorescence (CD4, CD8, CD9) were applied. Results: The degree of pathological regression and major pathological response (MPR), were positively correlated with tumor proportion score (TPS) of PD-L1 (R = 0.40, p = 0.04) and negatively correlated with copy number gain (CNgain) burden (R = -0.44, p = 0.04). Of note, the combination of CNgain burden and TPS can better stratify MPR patients compared to CNgain or TPS alone. Whereas, TMB only had a marginal association with pathological response (R = 0.32, p = 0.15). Additionally, PD-1 blockade led to an increase in CD8 PD-1-T cells in the tumor region (p = 0.04, Mann-Whitney U test for paired samples) and a reduction in Tregs and M2 macrophages in the stromal region (p < 0.05, Mann-Whitney U test for paired samples). Further investigation showed that the degree of CD8 PD-1-T cell increase was significantly associated with MPR (p < 0.05, Mann-Whitney U test). Intriguingly, we also observed a substantial reduction in CD19 cells in the non-MPR group but not in the MPR group, indicating the involvement of B cells in improving neoadjuvant immunotherapy response in NSCLC patients. Conclusions: TPS and CNgain burden were correlated with pathological response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC patients. This may provide potential selective indicators for future clinical trials of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. The dynamic changes of components in the tumor immune microenvironment may provide novel insight into the immune responses induced by neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade therapy.
SAKK 16/14-T-cell receptor repertoire metrics predict response to neoadjuvant durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC; Introduction: T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire assessment in blood and tissue has emerged as a novel predictive marker for response to immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy in advanced stage cancers. However, its relevance and predictive significance in the setting of resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has yet to be demonstrated. Here, we performed TCR sequencing in patients from the phase 2 trial SAKK 16/14 undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin/ docetaxel followed by treatment with the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab. Methods: A total of 127 peripheral blood samples and 67 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue samples were processed from 67 patients before and after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immunotherapy treatment in the trial SAKK 16/14. Total RNA was extracted from peripheral blood and FFPE samples and used for TCR sequencing with the Oncomine TCR Beta-LR and SR Assays, respectively. TCR evenness, Shannon diversity, and TCR richness were calculated and correlated with the primary endpoint event-free survival (EFS) after 1 year, major pathological response (MPR), and nodal clearance. Association between TCR metrics and clinical outcome data were analyzed using Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Analysis was performed using R (R Core Team, 2014). Results: TCR repertoire could be assessed in a total of 97 peripheral blood (47 pre- and 50 post-treatment) and 64 FFPE (15 pre- and 49 post-treatment) samples. In pre-treatment peripheral blood samples, TCR evenness (p=0.032) was associated with 1 year EFS. In FFPE post-treatment samples, 1 year EFS as well as MPR were significantly associated with increased TCR richness (p=0.0168 and 0.0134) and Shannon diversity (p=0.0278 and p=0.0334). Furthermore, nodal clearance was significantly associated with TCR richness and Shannon diversity in post-treatment tissue samples (p=0.0015, p=0.0087). Conclusions: Our results show that TCR repertoire measured in peripheral blood samples and tumor tissue may provide a useful tool for predicting risk of recurrence after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immunotherapy with durvalumab in patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC.
MERMAID-2: Phase 3 study of durvalumab in patients with resected, Stage II-III NSCLC who become MRD+ after curative-intent therapy; Background: In patients with resected, Stage II-III NSCLC, the 5-year disease-free survival (DFS) rate with SoC adjuvant chemotherapy is ~40%. Despite advances with immunotherapy (IO) in the metastatic setting, overall survival (OS) rates for patients with recurrence remain low. Detection of minimal residual disease (MRD), as indicated by circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), may indicate the presence of clinically indiscernible residual tumor following curative-intent therapy and enable earlier therapeutic intervention, thereby improving outcomes in patients at highest risk of recurrence. In the phase 3 PACIFIC trial, consolidation durvalumab improved survival outcomes in patients with unresectable, Stage III NSCLC without detectable disease progression after curative-intent chemoradiotherapy (Antonia, 2018), suggesting MRD is vulnerable to additional therapy, particularly IO, a concept supported by recent data in MRD+ patients (Moding, 2020). MERMAID-2 will assess the efficacy and safety of durvalumab, versus placebo, in patients with resected, Stage II-III NSCLC who become MRD+ after curative-intent therapy. Methods: MERMAID-2 (NCT04642469) is a global, phase 3, double-blind multicenter study that is currently recruiting patients. Patients with histologically confirmed EGFR/ALK wild-type Stage II-III NSCLC who have completed curative-intent therapy (complete resection + optional neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapy) will be enrolled in a 96-week surveillance period. During this period, patients will be monitored regularly for MRD emergence via ctDNA analysis of plasma samples, based on personalized MRD panels. Patients who become MRD+ during the surveillance period will be further evaluated to confirm eligibility (no disease recurrence visible on imaging; known PD-L1 status) and ~284 MRD+ patients will be randomized 1:1 to receive durvalumab 1500 mg IV or placebo q4w, up to 24 months or until investigator-assessed disease recurrence. The primary endpoint is DFS in patients with PD-L1 tumor cell expression ≥1%. Secondary endpoints include DFS in the full analysis set, progression-free survival, OS, time to subsequent therapy, patient-reported outcomes, and safety.
Association of tumour mutational burden (tmb) with outcomes in stage iiia(n2) non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and durvalumab: Prospective analysis of the multicenter single-arm phase ii trial sakk16/14; Introduction: The utility of tumor mutation burden (TMB) as a predictive biomarker for the benefit of an immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy has been debated intensely. Most studies have addressed the role of TMB in advanced stages, however the value of this biomarker in neoadjuvant settings has not been investigated. Here, we evaluate the association of tumor TMB with clinical outcome in resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin/docetaxel followed by treatment with the PD-L1 antibody durvalumab. Methods: Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue samples from 49 patients were processed. Total DNA was extracted and used for TMB estimation using the FoundationOne CDx (F1CDx) test. Samples were processed using the F1CDx test or the Oncomine Comprehensive Assay Plus, which has shown highly concordant TMB values with F1CDx (data not shown). TMB-high was defined as >10 mutations/Mb. TMB was correlated with the primary endpoint event-free survival (EFS) at one year, overall survival (OS), major pathological response (MPR), pathological complete response (pCR), nodal clearance and nodal down-staging. Association between TMB and clinical outcome were analyzed using Logrank (Mantel-Cox) test and Mann-Whitney-Wilcox test. Analysis was performed using GraphPad Prism v9 and R version 4.0.4 (R Core Team, 2014). Results: Sixty-eight patients were enrolled and 55 patients were resected. TMB could be assessed in a total of 49 patients (10 pre-and 39 post-treatment tissue samples). Clinical parameters of these patients were not different from the overall patient population. TMB was not significantly different in patients with an EFS event after one year compared to patients with no EFS event observed (median TMB 7.5 mutations/Mb in both groups, Mann-Whitney p=.404). TMB-high patients showed no significant difference in EFS and OS (log-rank test p=.696 and .824, respectively). No significant difference of TMB based on pCR (Mann-Whitney p=.057), MPR (Mann-Whitney p=.843), nodal clearance (Mann-Whitney p=.230) and nodal down-staging (Mann-Whitney p=.170) was observed. However, in patients with pCR there was a trend towards higher TMB (median TMB 13.9 versus 6.6 mutations/Mb). Conclusions: Our results suggest that TMB is not associated with clinical outcome after neoadjuvant sequential chemo-immunotherapy with durvalumab in patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC.
Assessing the impact of anti-PD-1/PD-l1 inhibitors on cancer care health and budget in Ireland; Background: In Ireland, the incidence of cancer was estimated to be 30,272 in 2018 with approximately 9,621 deaths. Over the next five years, the incidence of all invasive cancers is expected to increase by 39% in males and 27% in females. Despite chemotherapy being considered the standard of care in many oncology diseases, it is associated with high levels of toxicity. The introduction of immunotherapy treatments in oncology has revolutionised cancer care, offering improved health outcomes in a range of tumour types. Many treatment options with the potential for use in several cancer types has led to concerns around the long-term affordability of these products. The objective of the study is to estimate and inform current discussion around the potential public health and economic impact of PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors in Ireland. Methods: The Health Impact Projection (HIP) model estimates the key clinical health and economic outcomes of PD-1/ PD-L1 inhibitors in eight high incidence cancers: adjuvant melanoma, metastatic melanoma, first-line non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), metastatic triple-negative breast cancer, Neo-adjuvant triple-negative breast cancer, head and neck cancer, urothelial carcinoma and renal cell carcinoma, over a five-year period (2020-2024) compared to the SOC treatments. SOC includes chemotherapy, immuno-oncology treatments not part of the anti PD-1/PD-L1 class (e.g. ipilimumab) and radiotherapy. It includes an assessment of the relative health benefits such as life-years gained, and utility-adjusted life years gained while drawing on budget impact analysis for its structure and methods. The HIP compares the economic and health outcomes in two scenarios; a world without anti PD-1/PD-L1 treatments, where patients are treated with SOC, to those obtained in a world where patients are treated with a mix of SOC and anti PD-1/PD-L1 treatments. Results: The model shows that over five years, the clinical benefits offered by the introduction of anti PD-1/PD-L1s include an additional 3,194 life-years, 2,411 progression-free life years, 2,638 quality-adjusted life years and the avoidance of 92 adverse events. PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors produce an average annual budget impact that is equivalent to 0.32% of total healthcare expenditure. Amongst this figure is a reduced burden of indirect costs and end of life costs - both of which fall with anti PD-1/PD-L1s on the market. For two high incidence indications, 1L NSCLC and metastatic melanoma, incremental five-year economic impact per anti-PD-1/PD-L1 treated patients were €88,505 and €11,980 respectively. Discussion and Conclusion: Ireland faces uncertainty in cancer care with pressure to reduce costs - the HIP helps demonstrate the value of anti PD-1/PD-L1s. Problems stem from a healthcare system that is fragmented and orientated towards dealing with acute conditions. Anti PD-1/PD-L1s are predicted to improve outcomes in Ireland with PFS gains being the largest. In 2020, the budget impact of this class in Ireland is expected to represent a somewhat significant portion of total expenditure on cancer medicines but a small portion of total healthcare expenditure. The increasing number of new indications will also require additional planning to ensure continued access to such innovative treatments. By projecting budget impact over five years, this model should help inform multi-annual budget planning for innovative oncology medicines. This model informs planning by helping quantify the impact of immuno-oncology treatments on health and budget in different scenarios.
Surgical Management of Stage IIIA Non-small Cell Lung Cancer; Purpose of Review: There remains equipoise regarding the optimal treatment approach for patients with stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The purpose of this review is to examine the role of surgery as a modality in the management of stage IIIA NSCLC. Recent Findings: Over the last two decades, several studies including randomized controlled trials have established the importance of multimodality therapies in the management of locally advanced NSCLC. Summary: Significant disparities exist in the reported advantages of surgery between observational and randomized controlled studies of stage IIIA patients. While some of these differences are likely due to patient selection bias, differences in the study design and treatment-related factors may also contribute to these trends. Preliminary results from studies assessing molecular therapies and immunotherapies in this population indicate a favorable adverse event and clinical response profile. As the therapeutic armamentarium for stage IIIA disease expands, continued evaluation of surgery within multimodality treatment protocols will be increasingly important.
62MO A randomised, controlled, multicenter phase II trial of camrelizumab combined with albumin-bound paclitaxel and cisplatin as neoadjuvant treatment in locally advanced NSCLC; Background: Camrelizumab (Cam), an anti-PD-1 antibody, could significantly increase the PFS and ORR in advanced non-squamous NSCLC vs chemotherapy (CT). However, the effect and safety of Cam plus CT in the neoadjuvant setting is unknown. Methods: This interim analysis included 27 patients (pts) with locally advanced NCSLC. Treatment-naive pts with stage IIIA or IIIB-N2 resectable NSCLC, ECOG PS 0-1, were randomized (1:1) to receive intravenous Cam (200mg) on D1, albumin-bound paclitaxel (ab-Pac; 130 mg/m2) on D1 and 8, and cisplatin (Cis; 75 mg/m2) on D1 (Cam+CT group), or ab-Pac plus Cis (CT group) of a 21-day cycle for 3 cycles. Treatment was followed by surgery. The primary endpoint was pathologic complete response (pCR). Secondary endpoints included major pathologic response (MPR), ORR, DFS by RECIST 1.1, and safety. The immune-related gene profiles of pre- or post-treatment biopsies and serum were detected to construct the individualized immune signature for outcome prediction through a multicenter analysis. 94 patients were planned to be enrolled. Results: At data cutoff (Sept 15, 2020), 27 pts were enrolled (14 in the Cam+CT group and 13 in the CT group). All pts received at least 1 cycle treatment. 14 pts completed neoadjuvant therapy and efficacy evaluation, among which 13 had surgery (7 in the Cam+CT group and 6 in the CT group) and 1 was pending for surgery. In the Cam+CT group, pCR was observed in 4/7 (57.1%) pts and MPR in 2 (28.6%); ORR was 86.7% (6/7; CR: 1, PR: 5). In the CT arm, 1/6 (16.7%) pts achieved pCR and 1 (16.7%) had MPR; ORR was 57.1% (4/7; CR: 1, PR: 3). DFS data was immature and gene profiles will be analyzed later. Adverse events (AEs) of the two arms were similar, except reactive cutaneous capillary endothelial proliferation (9/14 [64.3%]; all grade 1) in the Cam+CT arm. No AEs beyond expectation or of grade 4-5 were reported. Conclusions: These interim results suggested camrelizumab plus CT may have a better effect as neoadjuvant therapy in locally advanced NSCLC. This trial is ongoing and final analysis will be conducted after study completion. Clinical trial identification: NCT04338620. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Resectable non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) and immunotherapy: Status and outlook; Surgery is the main treatment in stage IA-III NSCLC. Several phase 3 randomized adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials with platinum-based chemotherapy were performed in stage I, II and IIIA NSCLC. These trials demonstrated a significant 5% benefit in 5y-survival estimated with adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy in stage II and IIIA. This benefitwas confirmed in two meta-analyses of individual participant data. Conversely for the stage I the benefit of chemotherapy was suggested only for tumors > 4cm. Adjuvant radiotherapy for N2 patients is not recommended based on the recent results of the large international phase 3 trial Lung-ART/IFCT-0503. The perioperative impact of targeted treatments in NSCLC with molecular alterations is actually suggested by the ADAURA study in patients with EGFR mutations. Finally, in the review, we will present the first results of immune checkpoints inhibitors, currently evaluated in neoadjuvant and adjuvant trials. © 2020 SPLF. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of perioperative S-1 plus oxaliplatin combined with apatinib and camrelizumab in patients with resectable, locally advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma; Background: Perioperative therapy can improve the low survival benefit of surgery alone for locally advanced gastric cancer. The introduction of immunotherapy and its combination with chemotherapy and/ or targeted therapy has created more opportunities for optimal treatment. The aim of the present study was to compare the efficacy and safety of S-1 plus oxaliplatin (SOX) combined with apatinib (SOXA) or SOX combined with apatinib and camrelizumab (SOXAP) versus SOX as the perioperative therapy for resectable, locally advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction (GEJ) adenocarcinoma. Methods: The study was a multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-controlled trial conducted in China. Eligible participants were randomized to the SOX, SOXA, and SOXAP groups. Patients received three pre-operative and three postoperative 3-week cycles of SOX or SOXA or SOXAP, followed by apatinib (SOXA group) or apatinib combined with camrelizumab (SOXAP group) for 3 cycles, which could be continued at the investigator's choice. Overall treatment is up to 1 year of apatinib and up to 17 cycles of camrelizumab. SOX is 130 mg/m2 oxaliplatin on day 1 plus S-1 orally twice daily on days 1 to 14. Apatinib is orally administered at a dose of 500 mg (SOXA group) or 250 mg (SOXAP group) on days 1 to 21, and camrelizumab 200 mg is given intravenously once every 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was major pathological response assessed by blinded independent review committee. The secondary endpoints included pathological complete response, lymph node status after neoadjuvant therapy, margin-free resection rate, progression-free survival (PFS), disease-free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), and safety. Discussion: The trial provides important data regarding the use of perioperative SOXAP and SOXA for patients with resectable, locally advanced gastric or GEJ adenocarcinoma. The results will contribute to optimal perioperative disease treatment.
Integrating immune checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies in the treatment of early stage non-small cell lung cancer: A narrative review; Prognosis of early stage non-small cell lung cancer (eNSCLC) is poor even when treated radically with surgery and (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy (Cht). The discovery of tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) for oncogene addicted NSCLC and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have revolutionised the therapeutic paradigm and improved survival of advanced NSCLC. The unprecedented impact of these drugs has shifted the focus of investigation to early stage disease aiming at improving cure. In this context, several single arm phase II studies evaluating neoadjuvant ICI alone or in combination with platinum-based Cht have shown encouraging rates of pathological response which have spurred several ongoing randomized trials with (neo)adjuvant ICI. More recently, ADAURA study evaluating adjuvant osimertinib demonstrated a profound reduction of the risk of recurrence in patients with stage I (>4 cm)-IIIA eNSCLC harbouring EGFR sensitizing mutations. ICIs and TKIs represent a true revolution in the treatment of eNSCLC call to challenge the current standard of care. However, questions regarding drug resistance, recurrence patterns, biomarker identification, optimal treatment duration and sequencing need be answered to effectively integrate new drugs in the rapidly evolving therapeutic landscape of NSCLC. In this review we critically review new developments and future perspectives of TKIs and ICI as (neo)adjuvant strategies for eNSCLC.
Impacts of post-radiotherapy lymphocyte count on progression-free and overall survival in patients with stage III lung cancer; Background: We evaluated the impact of thoracic radiation in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), considering the depletion of total lymphocytes, use or not of chemotherapy, and radiation doses in healthy lung tissue. Methods: Patients with stage III NSCLC, ECOG 0 to 2, receiving radiotherapy with or without chemotherapy were prospectively evaluated. All patients should be treated with three-dimensional radiotherapy and received biologically effective doses (BED10α/β 10) of 48 to 80 Gy. Peripheral blood lymphocyte total counts were measured at the start of radiotherapy and at 2, 6 and 12 months after radiotherapy. Along with lymphocytes, PTV and doses of 5 Gy and 20 Gy in healthy lung tissue were also evaluated as potential factors influencing overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS). Results: A total of 46 patients were prospectively evaluated from April 2016 to August 2019, with a median follow-up of 13 months (interquartile range, 1–39 months). The median of OS of all cohort was 22,8 months (IC 95% 17,6–28,1) and the median PFS was 19,5 months (IC 95%: 14,7–24,2). Most patients received concurrent or neoadjuvant chemotherapy (43; 93.4%). No patient received adjuvant immunotherapy. The lower the lymphocyte loss at 6 months after radiotherapy (every 100 lymphocytes/mcL), the greater the chance of PFS (HR, 0.44; 95%CI, 0.25–0.77; P = 0.004) and OS (HR, 0.83; 95%CI, 0.70–0.98; P = 0.025; P = 0.025). BED was a protective factor for both PFS (HR, 0.52; 95%CI 0.33–0.83; P = 0.0006) and OS (HR, 0.73; 95%CI 0.54–0.97; P = 0.029). Conclusions: Our results suggest that lymphocyte depletion after radiotherapy reduces tumor control and survival in patients with stage III lung cancer. Radiation doses equal or higher than 60 Gy (BED1072 Gy) improve PFS and OS, but they negatively affect lymphocyte counts for months, which reduces survival and the potential of immunotherapy. Key points: Significant findings of the study: Thoracic irradiation for locally advanced lung cancer depletes T lymphocytes for months. Patients whose lymphocyte loss is lower have better overall survival and progression-free survival. What this study adds: It is necessary to protect the lymphocyte population, as well as other organs at risk. New forms of irradiation for large fields are needed. Furthermore, could immunotherapy before chemo-radiotherapy, with a greater number of lymphocytes, bring an even better result?.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and Avelumab in early stage resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer; Multiple randomized studies have shown that combination of chemotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) leads to better response rates and survival as compared to chemotherapy alone in the advanced stage of NSCLC. Data suggesting a benefit to using ICIs in the neoadjuvant therapy of patients with early stage NSCLC are emerging. Eligible subjects were treatment naïve patients with stage IB, II, and resectable IIIA NSCLC. Patients received three cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with four doses of avelumab every 2 weeks. Patients with squamous cell cancer received cisplatin or carboplatin on day 1 and gemcitabine on days 1 and 8 of each cycle of chemotherapy. Patients with nonsquamous histology received cisplatin or carboplatin with pemetrexed on day 1 of each cycle. Patients then proceeded to their planned surgery. Out of 15 patients accrued as part of stage 1 of the study, four had a radiologic response (1 complete response), lower than the minimum of six responses needed to continue to phase 2 of the study. The study was therefore terminated. Majority had adenocarcinoma histology and stage IIIA disease. The treatment was well tolerated with no unexpected side effects. Four patients (26.7%) had grade III/IV CTCAE toxicity. This study confirms that the preoperative administration of chemotherapy and avelumab is safe. There was no indication of increased surgical complications. The benefit of adding immunotherapy to chemotherapy did not appear to enhance the overall response rate of patients in the neoadjuvant setting in patients with resectable NSCLC because this study failed to meet its primary endpoint.
One-Year Disease Outcomes in Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancers Treated with Trimodality Therapy vs Concurrent Chemoradiation and Durvalumab; Purpose/Objective(s): Trimodality therapy with surgical resection, chemotherapy and radiation results in improved disease control compared to concurrent chemoradiation (cCRT) alone in patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). While trials investigating PD-1 directed therapies in surgically treated NSCLCs are ongoing, durvalumab after cCRT in unresected NSCLCs has been found to improve survival and is standard practice. To further gauge the impact of durvalumab on improving outcomes in patients with unresected stage III NSCLCs, we compared disease outcomes between patients treated with trimodality therapy and cCRT + durvalumab. Materials/Methods: Patients with stage III NSCLCs with clinical N2 disease treated between 1/2010 – 5/2019 were reviewed. Trimodality patients underwent R0 resection with standard of care neo/adjuvant chemotherapy and post-operative radiation therapy. Patients treated with cCRT + durvalumab received ≥1 dose of durvalumab. Estimates for 12-month overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and incidence of distant metastases (DM) were calculated from the date of surgery or start of cCRT and compared using the Log-Rank and Gray’s test. Baseline characteristics were compared using the Fisher’s exact and Wilcoxon test. Results: In total, 125 patients were evaluated of which 88 received trimodality therapy (median follow-up: 31 months) and 37 received cCRT + durvalumab (median follow-up: 16 months). The median age was 66 and 67 years for trimodality and cCRT + durvalumab patients, respectively (p = 0.1). Compared to patients treated with cCRT + durvalumab, more patients treated with trimodality therapy were female (58% vs 38%, p = 0.05), ECOG 0 (78% vs 47%, p<0.01), never smokers (15% vs 0%, p = 0.01), and had T1-T2 disease (73% vs 43%, p<0.01). Among trimodality patients, 7% (n = 6) underwent a pneumonectomy, 75% (n = 66) received neoadjuvant chemotherapy, 64% (n = 56) were treated with a cisplatin-based regimen, and all (n = 88) had pathological N2 disease. Among cCRT + durvalumab patients, patients started durvalumab a median of 1.5 months from completion of cCRT and were treated with a median of 5 months of durvalumab. Estimates for 12-month OS, PFS and incidence of DM for trimodality therapy vs cCRT + durvalumab patients are: 92% (95% CI: 86 -98%) vs 89% (78 - 99%) (p = 0.84), 67% (57 - 77%) vs 76% (62 - 89%) (p = 0.18), and 31% (21 - 41%) vs 17% (4 - 29%) (p = 0.06), respectively. Conclusion: While surgical management is standard of care for appropriately selected patients with stage III NSCLCs, our data suggest that patients with unresected disease treated with cCRT + durvalumab can achieve outcomes comparable to those treated with trimodality therapy. These data further support the use of durvalumab after cCRT in unresected NSCLC, and trials investigating PD-1 directed therapies in patients with surgically treated NSCLCs.
SAKK 16/14: Anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in addition to neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: For patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) neoadjuvant chemotherapy with 3 cycles cisplatin (cis)/docetaxel (doce) followed by surgery is an accepted standard of care. PD-(L)1 inhibitors have recently shown high response rates in re-sectable NSCLC. Methods: Neoadjuvant treatment consisted of 3 cycles of cis 100 mg/m2 and doce 85 mg/m2 q3w followed by 2 cycles of durvalumab 750 mg q2w. Durvalumab was continued after surgery for 1 year. The primary objec-tive of the study is to improve the EFS after 1 year from 48% to 65%. Results: Sixty-eight patients were included. Radiographic response rate was 44.8% (95%CI: 32.6-57.4) after neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CR: 4.5%, PR: 40.3%, SD: 44.8%) and 58.1% (95%CI: 44.8-70.5) after addi-tional neoadjuvant immunotherapy (CR: 6.5%, PR: 51.6%, SD: 25.8%). Of 55 resected patients, 10 patients (18.2%) had a pathological complete response and 33 patients (60.0%) a major pathological response defined as ≤10% viable tumor cells by central pathology review. Postoperative nodal down-staging was observed in 37 patients (67.3%). 1-year EFS was 73.3% (90%CI: 60.1-82.7). At the time of the analysis, median EFS was not reached. After a median follow up of 28 months, median OS was not reached. 59 patients (88.1%) had an AE grade ≥3 including two fatal cases (one postoperative bleeding complication and one respiratory fail-ure). Conclusions: The addition of perioperative durvalumab to standard of care cis/doce is safe and results in a encouraging 1-year EFS rate ex-ceeding historical data of chemotherapy alone and achieves a high major pathological response rate.
Combined neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy therapy achieves superior downstaging of resectable non-small cell lung cancer as compared to chemotherapy, mono or dual immunotherapy; Background Tumor and nodal downstaging following neoadjuvant therapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are important markers of therapeutic response associated with favorable prognosis. We studied the impact of four different systemic neoadjuvant therapies on tumor, nodal and overall pathological downstaging of surgically resectable I-IIIA NSCLC (AJCC 7th edition). Methods Our study cohorts consisted of NSCLC patients treated with three cycles of neoadjuvant platinum doublet chemotherapy from 2001-2012 (N=302, 84%), and patients treated on the NEOSTAR study (NCT03158129) who received neoadjuvant nivolumab (N=21,6%), nivolumab plus ipilimumab (N=16, 4%), or platinum doublet chemotherapy plus nivolumab (N=22, 6%). Clinical and pathological (yp) T and N staging were evaluated for downstaging and upstaging; differences were assessed using Fisher's exact test. Results Following neoadjuvant platinum doublet chemotherapy, nivolumab, nivolumab plus ipilimumab and platinum doublet chemotherapy plus nivolumab, the rates of clinical-to-pathological ypT downstaging were 26% (N=79), 29% (N=6), 38% (N=6) and 59% (N=13), respectively, p =0.012 (table 1). The rates of clinical-to-pathological ypN downstaging in patients with clinical N1 or N2 disease with each therapy were 55% (N=96), 50% (N=3), 50% (N=2), and 42% (N=5) respectively, p =0.862. Overall clinical-to-pathological (ypT and/or ypN) downstaging rates were 38% (N=114), 38% (N=8), 38% (N=6), and 68% (N=15) respectively, p=0.048. The proportions of patients being overall upstaged following each therapy were 28% (N=85), 38% (N=8), 38% (N=6) and 14% (N=3), respectively, p=0.251. These results suggest superior downstaging effect and clinically meaningful lower upstaging probability of combined platinum doublet chemotherapy plus nivolumab as compared to other neoadjuvant regimens. Abstract 277 Table 1 Response to Chemotherapy, Immunotherapy, and Combination Therapy Conclusions The combination of neoadjuvant platinum doublet chemotherapy with nivolumab achieves the most robust tumor and overall pathological downstaging and decreases the probability of upstaging at surgery. Whether the overall downstaging effect results in improved survival will be determined with longer follow-up, in conjunction with results from ongoing phase III neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy trials.
The effect of packed red blood cell transfusions on the clinical efficacy of immunotherapy; Background Transfusions of packed red blood cells (PRBC) have been postulated to be immunosuppressive, an effect known as transfusion-related immunomodulation (TRIM). TRIM is thought to be a result of the immunosuppressive and pro inflammatory effects of residual leukocytes, apoptotic cells, inflammatory mediators, micro particles and free hemoglobin1 Prior studies have shown a negative association between perioperative PRBC transfusions and overall mortality in multiple malignancies.2-13 To date there are no studies addressing the impact of transfusions on survival in patients undergoing treatment with checkpoint inhibitor (CPI) immunotherapy. We conducted a retrospective study to investigate the clinical outcomes associated with PRBC transfusions in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), urothelial carcinoma (UC) and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) who received immunotherapy for advanced/metastatic disease. Methods From January 2010 - June 2019, patients at Fox Chase Cancer Center who received a PRBC transfusion within 120 days of treatment with a CPI and with advanced NSCLC, UC and RCC were included. Patient demographics including age, sex, ethnicity, race, tobacco use and ECOG performance status (PS) were abstracted. We also assessed previous chemotherapy, radiation and targeted therapy utilization among all patients. The primary endpoints were progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in those who have and have not received PRBCs. We then evaluated PFS and OS via a cox proportional hazards model that was adjusted for cancer type, age, PS, previous therapies and tobacco use. Results 304 patients including 272 NSCLC, 24 UC and 8 RCC subjects were evaluated. 54 patients underwent a minimum of one PRBC transfusion during the pre-specified time period. Both median PFS (8.2 months versus 3.9) and overall (Figure Presnted) survival (26.1 months versus 13.8) were shorter in patients who underwent transfusion. After multivariable adjustment, the negative associations between transfusion and PFS (HR: 1.53, p=0.03) and overall survival (HR: 1.40, p=0.09) were preserved (figure 1-2). A sub-analysis of the NSCLC patients was conducted and shorter PFS (HR:1.58, p=0.03) and overall survival (HR:1.56, P=0.03) were again seen in the transfusion cohort (figure 3-4). Conclusions PRBC transfusions led to an inferior PFS and OS in advanced cancer patients receiving checkpoint inhibitors even after adjustments for multiple prognostic variables. These results suggest a possible attenuation of the effectiveness of immunotherapy as a result of the immunosuppressive effects of PRBC transfusions. The findings require prospective and mechanistic confirmation as inherent bias may exist in this retrospective analysis.
A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled phase iii study evaluating perioperative toripalimab combined with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy in resectable stage iii NSCLC; Background Surgery remains the mainstay of treatment for resectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The preliminary results from some pilot trials have shown that neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC is safe and tolerable.1 2Hypothesizing that neoadjuvant toripalimab (a humanized anti-PD-1 antibody) plus chemotherapy can improve the outcome in resectable NSCLC, we are conducting a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase III study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of toripalimab plus platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy for patients with resectable stage III NSCLC. Methods This ongoing study enrolls patients aged 18-70 years with treatment-naïve, histopathologically confirmed resectable stage III NSCLC without EGFR mutation or ALK translocation, ECOG PS 0-1, and adequate organ function. Eligible subjects are randomized (1:1) into experimental or control group, to receive perioperative toripalimab 240 mg or placebo combined with chemotherapy for 4 cycle in total (Docetaxel 60-75 mg/m2 or Paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 with platinum [squamous histology] or Pemetrexed 500 mg/m2 with platinum [non-squamous histology]) every 3 weeks for three cycles followed by surgery, and one more cycle after surgery, then monotherapy of toripalimab 240 mg or placebo every 3 weeks up to 13 cycles is delivered. Adjuvant radiotherapy is allowed. Randomization is stratified by tumor stage(IIIA vs IIIB), pathological type (squamous vs non-squamous), PD-L1 expression (PD-L1≥1% vs <1% or not evaluable) and planned surgical procedure (pneumonectomy vs lobectomy). Radiographic response is assessed within 4-6 weeks after last dose of neoadjuvant therapy, at 30 days after surgery and every 12 weeks thereafter. Primary endpoints are major pathologic response (MPR) rate evaluated by blind independent central pathology review (BIPR-MPR) and event-free survival evaluated by investigator (INV-EFS). Secondary endpoints include pathologic complete response (pCR) rate evaluated by BIPR and investigators (BIPR-pCR and INV-pCR), disease-free survival (DFS), 2-3 years OS rate, OS, safety, and feasibility of surgery. Exploratory endpoints are potential correlations between biomarkers and efficacy. A stratified Cochran Mantel Haenszel method will be used to assess binary endpoints. A Kaplan- Meier method, a stratified log-rank test and a stratified Cox proportional hazards model will be used to assess survival endpoints.Planned enrollment is 406 patients. The study is actively enrolling at 52 Chinese sites. Results N/A Conclusions N/A.
Gene signature of antigen processing and presentation machinery predicts response to checkpoint blockade in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and melanoma; Background Limited data exist on the role of alterations in HLA Class I antigen processing and presentation machinery in mediating response to immune checkpoint blockade (ICB). Methods This retrospective cohort study analyzed transcriptional profiles from pre-treatment tumor samples of 51 chemotherapy-refractory advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients and two independent melanoma cohorts treated with ICB. An antigen processing machinery (APM) score was generated utilizing eight genes associated with APM (B2M, CALR, NLRC5, PSMB9, PSME1, PSME3, RFX5, and HSP90AB1). Associations were made for therapeutic response, progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Results In NSCLC, the APM score was significantly higher in responders compared with non-responders (p=0.0001). An APM score above the median value for the cohort was associated with improved PFS (HR 0.34 (0.18 to 0.64), p=0.001) and OS (HR 0.44 (0.23 to 0.83), p=0.006). The APM score was correlated with an inflammation score based on the established T-cell-inflamed resistance gene expression profile (Pearson's r=0.58, p<0.0001). However, the APM score better predicted response to ICB relative to the inflammation score with area under a receiving operating characteristics curve of 0.84 and 0.70 for PFS and OS, respectively. In a cohort of 14 high-risk resectable stage III/IV melanoma patients treated with neoadjuvant anti-PD1 ICB, a higher APM score was associated with improved disease-free survival (HR: 0.08 (0.01 to 0.50), p=0.0065). In an additional independent melanoma cohort of 27 metastatic patients treated with ICB, a higher APM score was associated with improved OS (HR 0.29 (0.09 to 0.89), p=0.044). Conclusion Our data demonstrate that defects in antigen presentation may be an important feature in predicting outcomes to ICB in both lung cancer and melanoma.
Expression of PD-L1, PD-L2, and IDO1 on tumor cells and density of CD8-positive tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in early-stage lung adenocarcinoma according to histological subtype; Purpose: This study examined the expression of programmed cell death-ligand 1 (PD-L1), programmed cell death-ligand 2 (PD-L2), and indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase-1 (IDO1) in tumor cells and cluster of differentiation 8 (CD8)-positive tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in early-stage lung adenocarcinoma according to histological subtypes. Methods: We evaluated PD-L1, PD-L2, and IDO1 expression in tumor cells and CD8-positive TILs in surgically resected specimens from 196 stage 0 or I lung adenocarcinoma patients by immunohistochemical staining. We also examined the relationships between the expression of PD-L1, PD-L2, and IDO1 in tumor cells and the density of CD8-positive TILs and clinical factors. Patients were divided into three groups: A, adenocarcinoma in situ and minimally invasive adenocarcinoma (N = 32); B, lepidic predominant invasive adenocarcinoma (IAD; LPA; N = 66); and C, IAD except for LPA (N = 98). Results: PD-L1 was expressed only in Group C, but not in Groups A or B. The positive ratio of PD-L2 was significantly higher in Group C (63.3%), and that of IDO1 was also significantly higher in Group C (65.3%). The density of CD8-positive TILs was significantly higher in Group C (45 ± 2.4). There was no significant difference between the positive ratios of PD-L2 and IDO1 and the density of CD8-positive TILs in Group A (50.0%, 21.9%, and 36 ± 4.1, respectively) or Group B (60.6%, 25.8%, and 44 ± 3.0, respectively). Conclusions: No cases in Groups A and B expressed PD-L1. The expression of immune-related factors, especially PD-L1 and IDO1, was significantly associated with Group C. This is the first report of the detailed examination of PD-L1, PD-L2, IDO1, and CD8 expression in lung adenocarcinoma subtypes with lepidic predominant components. Our results could help identify patients who would benefit from perioperative immunotherapy.
Perioperative treatments for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Current standards and perspectives; Surgery is the main treatment in stage I-IIIA NSCLC. Several phase 3 randomized adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials with platinum-based chemotherapy were performed in stage I, II and III A NSCLC. These trials demonstrated a significant 5% benefit in 5y-survival estimated with adjuvant or neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in stage II and IIIA. This benefit was confirmed in two meta-analyses of individual participant data. Conversely for the stage I the benefit of chemotherapy was suggested only for tumors > 4 cm. Adjuvant radiotherapy for N2 patients is currently tested in the large international phase 3 trial Lung-ART/IFCT-0503. The perioperative impact of targeted treatments in NSCLC with molecular alterations is actually suggested by one study in patients with EGFR mutations. Finally, the role of immune checkpoints inhibitors is currently evaluated in neoadjuvant and adjuvant phase 3 trials. Preliminary results from neoadjuvant phase 2 trials are encouraging. © 2020 SPLF. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Structural characteristics in tumor and lymph nodes as predictors of 3-year metastasis-free survival in surgically treated nsclc; Background Surgery is the treatment of choice for early and for some locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Ipsilateral hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes are generally removed at the time of tumor resection and assessed for tumor infiltration. However, in particular in the context of immunotherapy, there is now increased awareness about the physiological role of lymph nodes in cancer. It may be possible to assess immune response by examining the cellular composition of locoregional lymph nodes. We aimed to assess structural characteristics in tumor tissue and affected and unaffected lymph nodes in patients with and without 3-year metastasis- free survival. Materials and methods Internal hospital databases were screened for NSCLC patients fulfilling inclusion criteria. Data on patients age, sex, surgery type, (neo)adjuvant therapy, tumor characteristics and time and location of relapse was extracted. FFPE tissue blocks of primary tumor, affected and unaffected lymph nodes were collected. Hematoxylin and eosin stainings were obtained and tissues were analyzed (e.g. for B-cell proliferation and macrophage infiltration) in collaboration with an experienced pathologist. Results A total of 754 NSCLC patients were screened for inclusion criteria. Of these, 71 patients remained in remission for at least 3 years after surgery, and 80 patients had local or systemic relapse within 3 years after surgery. Structural characteristics in tumor and lymph node immune populations differed between patients with and without 3-year metastasis-free survival. Conclusion Structural characteristics differ between patients with and without relapse. Our findings show that structural markers in tumor and lymph nodes should be taken into account when assessing patient prognosis and relapse risk.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab or nivolumab plus relatlimab in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer: A randomized, multicentric phase II study to defne feasibility, efficacy and biomarkers of response (NEOpredict-Lung); Background: Curative resection is the standard of care for localized non-small-cell lung cancers (NSCLC). Current strategies to reduce the risk of recurrence include pre-or postoperative chemotherapy and radiation. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) have proven efficacy in patients (pts) with stage IV NSCLC and stage III NSCLC following curative chemoradiotherapy. Pilot studies have demonstrated early safety and ef-cacy of preoperative ICI therapy in pts with resectable NSCLC. ICI may act more efectively when the primary tumor with infltrating immune cells is still present. The aim of this trial in progress is to explore two strategies of short course preoperative ICI treatment, and to develop predictive biomarkers of response by translational research. Methods: NEOpredict-Lung is an international, multicenter, phase II, randomized, two-arm trial in pts with resectable (stages IB to IIIA) NSCLC. Primary endpoint is the feasibility of preoperative ICI therapy, which is continuously assessed. Secondary endpoints include the objective response rate, pathological response rate, disease-free and overall survival, and safety. Eligible pts are randomized between two treatment arms: Arm A: nivolumab 240 mg q2w for 2 courses Arm B: nivolumab 240 mg plus relatlimab 80 mg q2w for 2 courses All pts will undergo standardized curative resection no later than 42 days afer first dose of study therapy. Postoperatively, all pts will receive standard of care including adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy if appropriate. Up to 60 pts will be enrolled at 3 European centers. A comprehensive translational research program dissecting therapy-induced alterations to gain mechanistic insights and to identify biomarkers predictive of clinical outcome is conducted. This includes genome sequencing, gene expression profling and metabolomic analyses in sequential tumor samples, as well as functional imaging, immunophenotyping and functional analyses of immune cells in tumors and blood. The study is actively enrolling; first patient first visit was on March 4, 2020. Clinical trial information: NCT04205552.
Targeted therapies in early stage nsclc: Hype or hope?; Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) represents roughly 85% of lung cancers, with an incidence that increases yearly across the world. The introduction in clinical practice of several new and more effective molecules has led to a consistent improvement in survival and quality of life in locally advanced and metastatic NSCLC. In particular, oncogenic drivers have indeed transformed the therapeutic algorithm for NSCLC. Nearly 25% of patients are diagnosed in an early stage when NSCLC is still amenable to radical surgery. In spite of this, five-year survival rates for fully resected early stage remains rather disappointing. Adjuvant chemotherapy has shown a modest survival benefit depending on the stage, but more than half of patients relapse. Given this need for improvement, over the last years different targeted therapies have been evaluated in early-stage NSCLC with no survival benefit in unselected patients. However, the identification of reliable predictive biomarkers to these agents in the metastatic setting, the design of molecularly-oriented studies, and the availability of novel potent and less toxic agents opened the way for a novel era in early stage NSCLC treatment. In this review, we will discuss the current landscape of targeted therapeutic options in early NSCLC.
Prognostic value of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and their association with PD-L1 expression and DNA repair protein RAD51 in patients with resected non-small cell lung carcinoma; Objectives: DNA repair proteins have emerged as potential predictors for immunotherapy response alongside PD-L1 expression, tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and tumor mutational burden. We analyzed expression of PD-L1, TILs count and expression of the homologous recombination (HR) protein RAD51, as potential prognostic factors in patients with resected non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). Materials and methods: Discovery set included 96 NSCLC patients from the University Hospital Olomouc (Czech Republic) and a replication set included 1109 NSCLC patients from University Hospital Zurich (Switzerland). Tissue microarrays (TMAs) were stained using the automated staining platform Ventana Benchmark Ultra with antibodies against RAD51,CD3, CD8, CD68 and PD-L1. Results: Loss of nuclear RAD51 protein was associated with high TILs (r=-0.25, p = 0.01) and PD-L1 status (10.6 vs. 2.4 %, p = 0.012) in patients receiving neoadjuvant chemo-/radiotherapy (CT/RT). In silico analysis from the TCGA data set showed a negative relationship between RAD51 mRNA expression and CD45 (r = ‒0.422, p < 0.0001), CD68 (r = ‒0.326, p < 0.001), CD3 (r = ‒0.266, p < 0.001) and CD8 (r = ‒0.102, p < 0.001). RAD51 low/PD-L1 high patients were clustered as separate entity in the replication set and in TCGA dataset. High TILs status was significantly associated with improved OS in the replication set (unadjusted HR = 0.57, 95 % CI 0.42−0.76, p < 0.001). Similar results have been seen for CD3, CD8 and CD68. Conclusions: In conclusion, RAD51 nuclear loss is weakly associated with increased TILs and high PD-L1 at the time of surgery in curatively resected NSCLC and after prior exposure to neoadjuvant chemo- or radiotherapy. Both high TILs and RAD51 nuclear loss were confirmed as independent prognostic factors in curatively resected NSCLC.
SAKK 16/14: Anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA (N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) – A multicenter single-arm phase II trial; Background: For patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) neoadjuvant chemotherapy with 3 cycles cisplatin (cis)/docetaxel (doce) followed by surgery is an accepted standard of care achieving a 1-year event-free survival (EFS) of 48%. PD-(L)1 inhibitors have recently shown high response rates in resectable NSCLC. Methods: Neoadjuvant treatment consisted of 3 cycles of cis 100 mg/m2 and doce 85 mg/m2 q3w followed by 2 cycles of durvalumab 750 mg q2w. Durvalumab was continued after surgery for 1 year. The primary endpoint is EFS at 1 year. The hypothesis for statistical considerations was an improvement of EFS at 1 year from 48% to 65%. Results: Sixty-eight patients were included. Radiographic response rate was 44.8% (95%CI: 32.6-57.4) after neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CR: 4.5%, PR: 40.3%, SD: 44.8%) and 58.1% (95%CI: 44.8-70.5) after additional neoadjuvant immunotherapy (CR: 6.5%, PR: 51.6%, SD: 25.8%). Of the 55 resected patients, 10 patients (18.2%) had a pathological complete response and 33 patients (60.0%) a major pathological response defined as ≤10% viable tumor cells by central pathology review. Postoperative nodal down-staging was observed in 37 patients (67.3%). 1-year EFS was 73.3% (90%CI: 60.1-82.7). At the time of the analysis, median EFS was not reached. After a median follow up of 28 months, median OS was not reached. Thirteen patients had died with disease progression/disease recurrence as the most frequent reason (11 patients). 59 patients (88.1%) had an AE grade ≥3 including two fatal cases (one postoperative bleeding complication and one respiratory failure). Results for PD-L1 expression and tumor mutational burden will be presented during the meeting. Conclusions: This is to our knowledge the largest study of patients with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC investigating perioperative immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy. The addition of perioperative durvalumab to standard of care cis/doce is safe and results in a encouraging 1-year EFS rate exceeding historical data of chemotherapy alone and achieves a high major pathological response rate. Clinical trial identification: NCT02572843. Legal entity responsible for the study: Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research SAKK. Funding: Foundation or academic group WITH funding from a pharma, biotech, or other commercial company - AstraZeneca. Disclosure: S.I. Rothschild: Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (self): BMS; Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Merck Serono; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer; Advisory/Consultancy: Eisai; Advisory/Consultancy: Eli Lilly; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Novartis; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda. A. Zippelius: Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Research grant/Funding (institution): Beyondsprings; Research grant/Funding (institution): Secarna; Research grant/Funding (institution): Crescendo. S. Savic Prince: Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer; Advisory/Consultancy: Thermo Fisher Scientific. D. Betticher: Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer; Advisory/Consultancy: Janssen-Cilag; Advisory/Consultancy: Novartis. M. Früh: Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda. M. Joerger: Non-remunerated activity/ies: ESMO Press & Media Affairs Committee. C. Britschgi: Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Takeda; Advisory/Consultancy: Janssen-Cilag; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim. S. Peters: Advisory/Consultancy: AbbVie; Advisory/Consultancy: Amgen; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: Bayer; Advisory/Consultancy: Biocartis; Advisory/Consultancy: Bioinvent; Advisory/Consultancy: Blueprint Medicines; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Boehringer Ingelheim; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): BMS; Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Clovis; Advisory/Consultancy: Daiichi Sankyo; Advisory/Consultancy: Debiopharm; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy: Eli Lilly; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): F. Hoffmann-La Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Foundation Medicine; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Illumina; Advisory/Consultancy: Janssen; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): MSD; Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Merck Serono; Advisory/Consultancy: Merrimack; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Novartis; Advisory/Consultancy: Pharma Mar; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): Pfizer; Advisory/Consultancy: Regeneron; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy: Sanofi; Advisory/Consultancy: Seattle Genetics; Honoraria (institution), Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda; Advisory/Consultancy: Vaccibody; Research grant/Funding (institution): Amgen; Research grant/Funding (institution): Biodesix. M.T. Mark: Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy, Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda. W. Janthur: Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Novartis. P.R. Froesch: Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer. M. Pless: Advisory/Consultancy: Abbvie; Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: Eisai; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Novartis; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Vifor; Honoraria (institution): Janssen-Cilag.
Neoadjuvant durvalumab in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Preliminary results from a multicenter study (IFCT-1601 IONESCO); Background: Preoperative immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy may be of benefit in early-stage NSCLC. This multicenter trial assesses the feasibility of neoadjuvant durvalumab. Methods: Pts IB>4cm–IIIA, non N2 resectable NSCLC (TNM 8th edition) receive 3 courses of durvalumab 750 mg (days 1, 15, 29) then underwent resection, between day 2 and 14 after last infusion. Primary endpoint was % of complete surgical resection (R0); secondary endpoints safety, overall survival (OS), disease-free survival (DFS), time between first infusion and surgery, response rate (RECIST 1.1), major pathological response (MPR). Results: 50 pts included between April 2017 and August 2019. 46 eligible. 67.4% males, median age, 61 y; all ECOG PS 0-1; 98% smokers; 23 adenocarcinoma, 19 squamous; clinical stages IB/IIA/IIB/IIIA n = 5/13/27/1. Among the 46 operated pts, 9 had pneumonectomy, 31 lobectomy, 3 bilobectomy, and 3 an exploratory thoracotomy (2 pleural carcinosis; 1 esophageal invasion). Study was stopped because of an excess in 90-day postoperative mortality (4 deaths, 9%, 1 unknown (died at home); 2 acute respiratory failures; 1 tracheal fistula). 3 out of 4 deceased pts had cardiovascular comorbidities (3 arterial hypertensions; 1 peripheral arterial disease; 1 ischemic heart disease), or other (1 severe COPD; 1 diabetes). 41 pts were R0 (90%). There was no Grade 3-5 durvalumab related AEs. 4/46 pts had PR, 36 SD and 6 PD. Median time between first infusion and surgery was 37 (range: 29-46). Median OS and DFS was not reached; 18-m OS: 88.7% [95% CI: 74.9-95.1] 18-m RFS: 69.7% [95% CI: 53.2-81.3]. Conclusions: Enrollment was stopped because of excessive 90-day postoperative mortality. Deaths were due to postoperative complications possibly related to comorbidities and not to direct durvalumab toxicity. MPR rates and ongoing correlative analyses will be presented. Clinical trial identification: NCT03030131. Legal entity responsible for the study: French Cooperative Thoracic Intergroup (IFCT). Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: M. Wislez: Advisory/Consultancy: Boeringher Ingelheim; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: Boeringher Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: Roche; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Non-remunerated activity/ies: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: MSD; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: MSD; Non-remunerated activity/ies: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: AstraZeneca; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: Amgen; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Pfizer; Research grant/Funding (self): BMS. J. Mazieres: Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Research grant/Funding (institution): BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Pierre Fabre; Advisory/Consultancy: Hengruii; Advisory/Consultancy: Daiichi; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda. A. Lavole: Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: BMS. G. Zalcman: Honoraria (self): Pfizer; Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Honoraria (self): BMS; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: BMS; Honoraria (self): AstraZeneca; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: MSD. O. Molinier: Advisory/Consultancy: Bristol-Myers Squibb; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Advisory/Consultancy: Tesaro; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Boehringer Ingelheim. M.A. Massiani: Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Bristol-Myers Squibb; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Elivie; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Amgen; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Pfizer; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Boehringer Ingelheim; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: MSD. D. Damotte: Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Research grant/Funding (self): MedImmune; Honoraria (self): AbbVie; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AbbVie. M. Antoine: Honoraria (self): BMS; Honoraria (self): MSD; Honoraria (self): AstraZeneca. V. Westeel: Honoraria (self): Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Advisory/Consultancy: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: Takeda; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: Roche; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: MSD; Speaker Bureau/Expert testimony: BMS; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Pfizer; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Boehringer Ingelheim; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: BMS; Research grant/Funding (institution): BMS; Research grant/Funding (institution): MSD; Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche; Research grant/Funding (institution): AbbVie; Research grant/Funding (institution): Lilly; Research grant/Funding (institution): Fresenius; Research grant/Funding (institution): Merck-Serono. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant atezolizumab (A) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Results from the phase II PRINCEPS trial; Background: Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors induce major pathologic response (MPR) rates in 17- 45% of NSCLCs. We report the results of a phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant A for NSCLC. Methods: Patient (pts) with clinical stage IA (≥ 2 cm)-IIIA non N2 NSCLC eligible for surgery, PS 0-1, received 1 injection of A (1200 mg IV D1) followed by surgery between D21-D28. The primary endpoint was the rate of pts without major toxicities or morbidities from D1 until 1 month after the surgery. Fresh tumour tissue was analysed within 4 hours after surgery. Response by RECIST1.1 and major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% viable tumour) were assessed. Results: From December 2016 to February 2020, 30 pts were enrolled in two centres. The mean age of pts was 64, 50% were female, 7% never smokers, 83% had adenocarcinomas. Pathological stages were I (n=15, 50%), II (n=6, 20%) III (n=9, 30%). All pts had their planned surgery, none were delayed by >15 days. 29 had R0 resection, 1 had R1. Three pts experienced surgical complications: 1 respiratory distress grade 3 with sepsis grade 4, 1 heart block atrioventricular and 1 paresthesia grade 1. There was no grade 5 toxicity. Treatment-related adverse effects (TRAEs) included only one grade 1 parietal pain related to surgery. No RECIST radiological response and no MPR were observed. After A, 15/29 tumours were PD-L1 TC3 or IC3 based on the SP142 assay. 17/30 (56%) tumours had necrosis (med. 5% of tumour surface, 0-80). 20/29 cases had histopathological features of response according to the immune-related pathologic response criteria (irPRC), with isolated or combined features of immune activation (19/20), tissue repair (15/20) and/or tumour cell death (9/20).NGS (11 genes) was performed in 23 tumours resulting in 14 TP53 mutations (mut), 7 KRAS mutations, 3 EGFR mutations, 1 wild-type, 1 STK11 mutations (in a tumour with 80% necrosis). Conclusions: Surgery after one infusion of A was safe. The short delay between A and surgery might explain the absence of MPR. Clinical trial identification: NCT02994576. Legal entity responsible for the study: Gustave Roussy. Funding: Roche-Genentech. Disclosure: B. Besse: Research grant/Funding (institution): AbbVie; Research grant/Funding (institution): Blueprint Medicines; Research grant/Funding (institution): BeiGene; Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Research grant/Funding (institution): Amgen; Research grant/Funding (institution): BMS; Research grant/Funding (institution): Boehringer Ingelheim; Research grant/Funding (institution): Celgene; Research grant/Funding (institution): Cristal Therapeutics; Research grant/Funding (institution): Daiichi Sankyo; Research grant/Funding (institution): Eli Lilly; Research grant/Funding (institution): GSK; Research grant/Funding (institution): Ignyta; Research grant/Funding (institution): Ipsen; Research grant/Funding (institution): Inivata; Research grant/Funding (institution): Janssen; Research grant/Funding (institution): Merck KGaA; Research grant/Funding (institution): MSD; Research grant/Funding (institution): Nektar; Research grant/Funding (institution): Onxeo; Research grant/Funding (institution): OSE immunotherapeutics; Research grant/Funding (institution): Pfizer; Research grant/Funding (institution): Pharma Mar; Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche-Genentech; Research grant/Funding (institution): Sanofi; Research grant/Funding (institution): Servier; Research grant/Funding (institution): Spectrum Pharmaceuticals; Research grant/Funding (institution): Takeda; Research grant/Funding (institution): Tiziana Pharma; Research grant/Funding (institution): Tolero Pharmace. J. Adam: Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche; Honoraria (self): AstraZeneca; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): msd; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Bayer; Honoraria (self): BMS. N. Chaput-Gras: Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche. D. Planchard: Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: BMS; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: Boehringer Ingelheim; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: Celgene; Advisory/Consultancy: Daiichi Sankyo; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: Eli Lilly; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: Merck KGaA; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Pfizer; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche-Genentech; Advisory/Consultancy: Samsung; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy: Per CME; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Prime oncology; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Novaris. L. Mezquita: Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Bristol-Myers Squibb; Honoraria (self): Tecnofarma; Honoraria (self): AstraZeneca; Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Research grant/Funding (self): Boehringer Ingelheim. J. Remon Masip: Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Ose Pharma; Advisory/Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: MSD; Advisory/Consultancy: Pfizer; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy: BMS. P. Lavaud: Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Ipsen; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Janssen; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Mundi Pharma; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Astellas; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca. C. Naltet: Honoraria (self), Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Honoraria (self), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: BMS; Honoraria (self), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: pfizer. A. Gazzah: Research grant/Funding (institution), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Advisory/Consultancy, Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Novartis; Research grant/Funding (institution), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Pfizer; Research grant/Funding (institution), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Boehringer Ingelheim; Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Research grant/Funding (institution): bms; Research grant/Funding (institution): Janssen; Research grant/Funding (institution): Merck; Research grant/Funding (institution): Johnson & Johnson; Research grant/Funding (institution): Eli Lilly; Research grant/Funding (institution): MedImmune; Research grant/Funding (institution): NH TherAGuiX. B. Duchemann: Honoraria (self), Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Roche; Honoraria (self): MSD; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Oxyvie; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: Pfizer; Travel/Accommodation/Expenses: AstraZeneca. F. Barlesi: Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Bristol-Myers Squibb; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Pfizer; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Novartis; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Boehringer Ingelheim; Research grant/Funding (institution): AbbVie; Research grant/Funding (institution): ACEA; Research grant/Funding (institution): Eisai; Research grant/Funding (institution): Ipsen; Research grant/Funding (self): Ignyta; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Eli Lilly; Research grant/Funding (institution): Innate Pharma; Research grant/Funding (institution): Loxo; Research grant/Funding (institution): MedImmune; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Merck KGaA; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): MSD; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Roche-Genentech; Research grant/Funding (institution): Sanofi; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Bayer; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (self): Takeda; Honoraria (self), Research grant/Funding (institution): Pierre Fabre. J-C. Soria: Honoraria (self): Clovis; Honoraria (self), Full/Part-time employment: AstraZeneca; Honoraria (self): Boehringer Ingelheim; Honoraria (self): Grammamabs; Honoraria (self): Mission Therapeutics; Honoraria (self): Merus; Honoraria (self): Eli Lilly; Shareholder/Stockholder/Stock options: Gritstone; Honoraria (self): Symphogen; Honoraria (self): Tarveda; Honoraria (self): Pfizer; Honoraria (self): Pharma Mar; Honoraria (self): Roche-Genentech; Honoraria (self): Sanofi; Honoraria (self): Servier; Honoraria (self): Bayer; Honoraria (self): Blend therapeutics; Honoraria (self): Astex; Honoraria (self): Pierre Fabre. C. Caramella: Honoraria (self): pfizer; Honoraria (self): BMS; Honoraria (self): MSD; Honoraria (self): AstraZeneca; Honoraria (self): Roche. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy for NSCLC: Current Concepts and Future Approaches; Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Patients with resectable NSCLC are often treated with surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy. However, these patients continue to have a high risk of recurrence and death. Unfortunately, there has been little progress in the treatment of resectable NSCLC over the past several decades. Neoadjuvant therapy, which has been considered as an approach to improve survival in patients with resectable NSCLC, is a hotly debated topic. A systematic review of 32 randomized trials involving 10,000 patients revealed that there was no difference in survival between preoperative and postoperative chemotherapy. Because of such results and the theoretical concern about resectable tumors progressing on relatively ineffective neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and thus becoming unresectable, neoadjuvant chemotherapy fell out of favor, and many clinicians preferred adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery. However, neoadjuvant therapy has been revived in the past couple of years, with emerging data from various ongoing trials suggesting that neoadjuvant immunotherapy may have significant efficacy and could potentially improve the survival of patients with resectable NSCLC. In this review article, we discuss the evidence supporting the role of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in the multimodal management of resectable NSCLC. We summarize early results of ongoing clinical trials and highlight the challenges in adopting a uniform definition of treatment “success.” We address hurdles to be overcome for seeking regulatory approval for neoadjuvant immunotherapy and establishing it as a standard of care. Finally, we provide some perspectives for the future.
Art1, an extracellular mono-ADP-ribosyltransferase, is upregulated in response to cellular stress and promotes lung cancer growth; Cell surface mono-ADP ribosyltransferases (ARTs) transfer the ADP-ribose moiety from NAD to amino acid residues on target proteins and post-translationally regulate their function. Most mammalian ARTs are extracellular with glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) anchors. ARTs can target cell surface proteins on bystander cells or soluble proteins in the tumor microenvironment, particularly P2RX7 on T cells . We hypothesized that an evolutionarily conserved parallel protective role may be provided by ART1 expression in lung cancer cells, particularly during times of cellular stress . A mouse KP1 lung tumor cell line with ART1 expression was established from KRASG12D/P53 mice and transduced with shRNA targeting ART1 (KP1-sh) or an empty vector (KP1-ev). For in vitro studies, KP1 WT cells were treated with an ER stress inducer thapsigargin, with radiation, or with chemotherapy. Using human materials, we evaluated ART1 expression in NSCLC tumors by whole tumor RT-PCR/RNAseq, immunofluorescence (IF), and immunohistochemistry (IHC). For evaluation of tumor growth in immune competent models, KP1 cells were injected into syngeneic C57BL/6 mice into the flank or intravenously to generate orthotopic lung tumors. Following in vitro treatment with thapsigargin, expression of ART1 increased 11.8-fold in KP1 WT cells (24 hrs). Similarly, following radiation (8Gy x 3,) ART1 expression increased 1.93-fold by RT-PCR and surface protein expression increased by 1.87 fold (p<0.0005) by IF in KP1 cells. Similar increases were seen followingg cisplatin (10uM, 24 hrs) treatment (1.87-fold). Radiation (2.26-fold) and cisplatin (25uM, 3.30-fold) also induced ART1 expression in human A549 cells (24 hrs). In a human tissue microarray of patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy or radiation therapy (n=200), all tumors expressed ART1 and 38% of strongly expressed ART1. We also compared pre-treatment biopsy and post-treatment surgical resection tumor samples (n=21) in an ongoing clinical trial (NCT02904954) of neoadjuvant durvalumab +/-stereotactic radiation (8Gy x 3). ART1 was expressed at low levels by RNAseq, but trended upward (4-fold) after treatment, particularly in those patients who received radiation therapy (6-fold). Expression trended higher in nonresponders. Of these tumors without major pathologic response (n=13), 44% had moderate-strong ART1 expression by IHC. In murine flank tumor models, KP1-ev cells grew significantly faster than KP1-sh cells (688 mm vs. 331mm at 4 weeks, p=0.004). Similarly, following tail vein injection, mice injected with KP1-ev cells had heavier tumor burdens by micro-CT scan and significantly greater total lung weights (p=0.036) at sacrifice than did mice injected with KP1-sh cells. In conclusion, ART1 is broadly expressed in human lung tumors and is upregulated by cellular stress invoked by common treatments such as radiation and chemotherapy. Knockdown of ART1 abrogates tumor growth and may be a potential therapeutic target for combination therapy in lung cancer patients.
CANOPY program clinical trials:Canakinumab (Cana) in patients (pts) with non-small celllung cancer (NSCLC); Background: In the CANTOS study, treatment (tx) with Cana (selective IL-1β inhibitor) was associated with reduced incidence and mortality of NSCLC in stable post-myocardial infarction pts with elevated high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels. The results provided a rationale to investigate the therapeutic role of Cana in NSCLC. Methods: The phase (ph) 2, open-label CANOPY-N study ( NCT03968419 ) is evaluating Cana or pembrolizumab(pembro) alone or in combination as neoadjuvant tx in stage IB-IIIA, tx-naive NSCLC pts eligible for primaryresection (except N2 and T4 tumors) with planned surgery in 4-6 weeks (wks) from the 1 dose of study tx. Pts(∼110) are randomized 2:2:1 to Cana (2 doses 200 mg SC Q3W), Cana + pembro, or pembro (2 doses 200 mg ivQ3W) for 2 three-wk cycles. Randomization (R) stratification: histology (squamous [sq] vs non-sq). Primaryendpoint: major pathological response rate at time of surgery.CANOPY-A ( NCT03447769 ), CANOPY-1( NCT03631199 ), and CANOPY-2 ( NCT03626545 ) are ph 3, multicenter, double-blind studies. In CANOPY-A (Canain adjuvant setting), pts (∼1500) with stages IIA-IIIA and IIIB (T>5 cm N2), any histology, completely resected (R0)NSCLC post cisplatin-based chemotherapy (CTx) and radiation therapy (if applicable) are randomized 1:1 to Cana(200 mg SC Q3W)/placebo (PBO; SC Q3W) for 18 cycles. R stratification: AJCC/UICC v.8 stage (IIA vs IIB vs IIIAvs IIIB with T>5 cm, N2 disease), histology (sq vs non-sq), region (western Europe and North America vs easternAsia vs rest of the world). Primary endpoint: disease-free survival. CANOPY-1 and CANOPY-2 consist of Part 1(open-label, safety run-in; enrollment complete) and Part 2 (randomized 1:1, PBO-controlled, efficacy & safety;ongoing). CANOPY-1 eligibility: pts with previously untreated stages IIIB/IIIC or IV NSCLC and known PD-L1 status(for Part 2), without EGFR sensitizing mutations and/or ALK rearrangements. Part 1 (3 cohorts of ∼9 pts each,based on different platinum-CTx): to confirm the recommended phase 3 regimen (RP3R) for Cana. In Part 2, pts(∼600) are randomized to Cana (200 mg SC Q3W)/PBO + pembro + CTx for 4 cycles, followed by maintenance tx(Cana/PBO + pembro ± pemetrexed) until progressive disease (PD). R stratification: PD-L1 status (tumor proportionscore <1% vs ≥1%), histology (sq vs non-sq), geographic region (eastern Asia vs North America + western Europevs rest of the world). Screening has ceased as of Dec 9, 2019. In CANOPY-2, pts with stage IIIB-IV NSCLC, whoreceived prior PD-(L)1 inhibitor therapy and platinum-based CTx, without EGFR sensitizing mutations and/or ALK rearrangements are eligible. Part 1 (∼9 pts): to confirm the RP3R of Cana + docetaxel. In Part 2, pts (∼226) arerandomized to receive Cana (200 mg SC Q3W)/PBO + docetaxel (75 mg/m2iv Q3W) until PD. R stratification:number of prior lines of therapy in advanced setting (1 vs 2 prior lines of therapy) and histology (sq vs non-sq).Primary endpoints: CANOPY-1 and CANOPY-2 Part 1: to confirm RP3R of the combination; CANOPY-1 Part 2:progression-free survival and overall survival (OS); CANOPY-2 Part 2: OS.
Randomized phase II study of canakinumab (CAN) or pembrolizumab (PEM) alone or incombination as neoadjuvant therapy in patients (Pts) with surgically resected (Stage IB-IIIA) non-small cell lungcancer (NSCLC): CANOPY-N; Objectives: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment (tx) for pts with stage I-IIIA NSCLC. 5-yearsurvival rates range from 19-50%, with most pts dying from distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvantchemotherapy improves overall survival (OS) by only 5% in pts with NSCLC, and new tx options are needed.Preliminary data with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy has shown major pathologic responses(MPR) or pathologic complete responses (pCR) in pts with early stage NSCLC. CANTOS study demonstratedreduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality with CAN (IL-1β inhibitor) versusplacebo, in a dose-dependent manner for pts with atherosclerosis. In pre-clinical NSCLC humanized models, tx with CAN±anti PD-1 inhibitor could lead to anti-tumor activity. Combination of CAN and PEM is expected to enhance theefficacy of PD-1 inhibition by inhibiting dysregulated inflammation in tumor microenvironment. Based on availableevidence, CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate effect of CAN and PEM as monotherapy or in combination asneoadjuvant tx for pts with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N ( NCT03968419 ) is a phase II, randomized,open-label study evaluating effect of CAN or PEM monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant tx in resectableNSCLC pts. Histologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA, tx-naive, ECOG PS 0-1 NSCLC pts eligible for surgery and with aplanned surgical resection in approximately 4-6 weeks (after 1 dose of study tx), are eligible to participate. Anarchival (if obtained up to 6 months before 1 day of tx) or new biopsy is required. Approximately 110 pts will berandomized in 2:2:1 ratio (stratified by histology [squamous/non-squamous]) to one of the tx arms to receive a total of 2 doses (200 mg Q3w) of CAN alone (n=44) or in combination with PEM (n=44) or PEM (n=22) with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study drug dose. Primary endpoint is to determine MPR rate (≤10% of residual viabletumor cells at time of surgery), secondary endpoints include determination of ORR, MPR rate based on local review,surgical feasibility rates, anti-drug antibodies incidence and PK parameters.
Popcorn: Pharmacodynamics of preoperative PD1 checkpoint blockade and rankl inhibition in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A phase 1b/2 investigator-sponsored trial in progress; Background: Preclinical studies indicate that Receptor Activator of NF-kB Ligand (RANKL) blockade improves anti-tumour efficacy of immune checkpoint blockade (ICB). Clinical trials combining denosumab (anti-RANKL mAb) with ICB are underway in various cancers although the mechanism of action of such combinations remains incomplete. RANKL and its receptor, RANK, are frequently expressed in NSCLC. Denosumab demonstrated survival advantage over bisphosphonate in metastatic NSCLC (mNSCLC) to bone; a recent retrospective case series suggests correlation between concurrent ICB plus denosumab duration and survival in mNSCLC. Neoadjuvant ICB recently showed encouraging pathologic response rates in resectable NSCLC. Methods: POPCORN (Preoperative PD1 Checkpoint Blockade and RANKL Inhibition in NSCLC) (ACTRN12618001121257) is a phase1b/2 study to determine the mechanism of action, activity, and safety of neoadjuvant nivolumab plus denosumab versus nivolumab alone. Thirty patients with resectable stage 1A (tumour > 2 cm)-3A NSCLC will be randomised 1:1 to arm 1 (nivolumab, 3 mg/kg ivi) or arm 2 (nivolumab plus denosumab 120 mg sc) days 1 and 15 followed by surgery at day 29. Allowed surgical procedures include lobectomy, pneumonectomy, or anatomical segmentectomy. Thorascopic surgical techniques are permitted. Exclusion criteria include uncontrolled autoimmune disease, steroid contraindications, and unhealed dental disease. The primary endpoint is to define pharmacodynamic correlates of the two arms, including T-cell-receptor sequencing, gene-expression profile changes, and expression of tumour-immune markers of interest via flow cytometry and multiplexed immunohistochemistry. Peripheral blood and tumour tissue at various timepoints will be collected for translational research. Secondary endpoints include pathologic response rates, toxicity, and R0 resection. Statistical analysis will be primarily descriptive, on the intention-to-treat population. Trial progress:POPCORNopened inMay 2019 and isnowopen at four hospitals in Brisbane (Australia). 7/30 patients have been randomised as on 2nd April 2020. The trial is investigator-sponsored (Metro North Hospital and Health Service) with funding from AMGEN, Inc and Cancer Council Queensland.
The safety of atezolizumab plus chemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic lung cancer; Introduction: Atezolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-L1 capable of enhancing antitumor immune activity, with a demonstrated activity as single agent in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Areas covered: This review summarizes the clinical data emerging from randomized clinical studies with atezolizumab in NSCLC and small-cell lung cancer (SCLC), focusing in particular on the efficacy and safety data regarding the combinations of atezolizumab plus chemotherapy in the IMpower studies. Expert opinion: A significant improvement in progression-free survival and in overall survival was observed in IMpower 130 and 150 (NSCLC non-squamous) and 133 (SCLC), with an acceptable safety profile. In particular, the most common immune-related adverse events were rash (18–28% of patients), hypothyroidism (8–15%), hepatitis (5–17%), pneumonitis (2–7%), and colitis (1.5–2.3%). The safety profile of atezolizumab in combination with chemotherapy was consistent with the known adverse events related to single-agent atezolizumab and no new adverse events were observed. Ongoing studies will evaluate the role of atezolizumab in other settings (adjuvant and neoadjuvant) and in combination with chemotherapy and radiotherapy for patients with locally advanced NSCLC and the role of predictive factors (B-FAST study).
Locoregional Control, Overall Survival, and Disease-Free Survival in Stage IIIA (N2) Non–Small-Cell Lung Cancer: Analysis of Resected and Unresected Patients; Stage IIIA (N2) non–small-cell lung cancer patients undergoing surgery after neoadjuvant chemotherapy had locoregional recurrence of 15.1% compared to 30.3% in those completing definitive chemoradiation. At 5 years, overall survival (OS) was 50.8% and disease-free survival (DFS) was 33.1% in resected patients, whereas in unresected patients OS and DFS were 29.2% and 20.5%, respectively. Surgery may continue to play a role in well-selected stage IIIA (N2) patients.
Bintrafusp Alfa, a Bifunctional Fusion Protein Targeting TGF-β and PD-L1, in Second-Line Treatment of Patients With NSCLC: Results From an Expansion Cohort of a Phase 1 Trial; Introduction: The safety and efficacy of bintrafusp alfa, a first-in-class bifunctional fusion protein composed of the extracellular domain of the transforming growth factor β (TGF-β) receptor II (a TGF-β “trap“) fused to a human immunoglobulin G1 antibody blocking programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1), was evaluated in patients with advanced NSCLC. Methods: This expansion cohort of NCT02517398, an ongoing, phase 1, open-label trial, includes 80 patients with advanced NSCLC that progressed after platinum doublet therapy or after platinum-based adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment and those who also have not received previous immunotherapy. Patients were randomized at a one-to-one ratio to receive either bintrafusp alfa 500 mg or the recommended phase 2 dosage of 1200 mg every 2 weeks. The primary end point was the best overall response (by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors 1.1 as adjudicated by independent review committee) and was assessed by the objective response rate (ORR). Results: A total of 80 patients were randomized to receive bintrafusp alfa 500 or 1200 mg (n = 40 each). Median follow-up was 51.9 weeks (IQR, 19.6–74.0). The ORR in all patients was 21.3% (17 of 80). The ORR was 17.5% (seven of 40) and 25.0% (10 of 40) for the 500 mg dose and the 1200 mg dose (recommended phase 2 dose), respectively. At the 1200 mg dose, patients with PD-L1–positive and PD-L1–high (≥80% expression on tumor cells) had ORRs of 36.0% (10 of 27) and 85.7% (six of seven), respectively. Treatment-related adverse events occurred in 55 of the 80 patients (69%) and were graded as greater than or equal to 3 in 23 of the 80 patients (29%). Of the 80 patients, eight (10%) had a treatment-related adverse event that led to treatment discontinuation; no treatment-related deaths occurred. Conclusions: Bintrafusp alfa had encouraging efficacy and manageable tolerability in patients with NSCLC previously treated with platinum.
Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in Thoracic Malignancies: Review of the Existing Evidence by an IASLC Expert Panel and Recommendations; In the past 10 years, a deeper understanding of the immune landscape of cancers, including immune evasion processes, has allowed the development of a new class of agents. The reactivation of host antitumor immune response offers the potential for long-term survival benefit in a portion of patients with thoracic malignancies. The advent of programmed cell death protein 1/programmed death ligand-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), both as single agents and in combination with chemotherapy, and more recently, the combination of ICI, anti–programmed cell death protein 1, and anticytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 antibody, have led to breakthrough therapeutic advances for patients with advanced NSCLC, and to a lesser extent, patients with SCLC. Encouraging activity has recently emerged in pretreated patients with thymic carcinoma (TC). Conversely, in malignant pleural mesothelioma, pivotal positive signs of activity have not been fully confirmed in randomized trials. The additive effects of chemoradiation and immunotherapy suggested intriguing potential for therapeutic synergy with combination strategies. This has led to the introduction of ICI consolidation therapy in stage III NSCLC, creating a platform for future therapeutic developments in earlier-stage disease. Despite the definitive clinical benefit observed with ICI, primary and acquired resistance represent well-known biological phenomena, which may affect the therapeutic efficacy of these agents. The development of innovative strategies to overcome ICI resistance, standardization of new patterns of ICI progression, identification of predictive biomarkers of response, optimal treatment duration, and characterization of ICI efficacy in special populations, represent crucial issues to be adequately addressed, with the aim of improving the therapeutic benefit of ICI in patients with thoracic malignancies. In this article, an international panel of experts in the field of thoracic malignancies discussed these topics, evaluating currently available scientific evidence, with the final aim of providing clinical recommendations, which may guide oncologists in their current practice and elucidate future treatment strategies and research priorities.
Long-term outcomes following neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemoradiotherapy for stage I–IIIA non-small cell lung cancer: a propensity-matched analysis; Background: This study aimed to evaluate the long-term survival outcomes of patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy or adjuvant chemoradiotherapy for T1-4N0-1M0 disease. Methods: Patients with pT1-4N0-1M0 between 2010 and 2015 who received pre- or postoperative (R0 resection) chemoradiotherapy were identified. The exclusion criteria included N2 or M1 disease, immunotherapy, and targeted therapy. The staging was recalculated according to the new 8th edition TNM classification. Survival and predictors were assessed using Kaplan-Meier and multivariate Cox proportional-hazards model. Propensity-score matching with a ratio of 2:1 was performed to reduce bias in various clinicopathological factors. Results: Of the 1,769 patients who met the inclusion criteria, 407 and 814 were included in the neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemoradiotherapy group, respectively, after propensity-score matching. The 5-year overall survival (OS) and cancer-specific survival (CSS) were 38.1% and 40.0% for neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and 26.3% and 26.5% for adjuvant chemoradiotherapy, respectively [P<0.0001, hazard ratio (HR): 0.7418, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.6434–0.8553; P<0.0001, HR: 0.7444, 95% CI: 0.6454–0.8587)]. When stratified by stage, stage IIA (P=0.4166, HR: 0.8575, 95% CI: 0.5917–1.243) and IIIA (P=0.0740, HR: 0.7687, 95% CI: 0.5748–1.028) did not show improved 5-year OS in patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. When stratified by age, similar trends were observed for patients aged more than 75 years. The multivariable analysis showed a significant association of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with better survival. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy might improve the long-term survival of patients with stage I–IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). For patients aged more than 75 years, neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy was not associated with an improvement in survival.
Novel treatment strategies for early-stage lung cancer: The oncologist’s perspective; Management of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) consists in multimodal treatment, including surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The mainstay of treatment is radical surgery. Definitive radiotherapy using stereotactic techniques can provide adequate local disease control, and is the treatment of choice in medically inoperable patients. Most early-stage patients are at significant risk of disease relapse after local treatment. Adjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy has demonstrated to provide an absolute survival benefit of 5% compared to observation. However, unlike advanced/metastatic disease, little progress has been made in the treatment of early-stage NSCLC over the past decade. In recent years, plenty of research has focused on the optimization of adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment. Several trials with novel drugs, such as targeted agents and immune-checkpoint inhibitors are currently underway, with preliminary positive results. Customization of treatment on patients’ characteristics before, and major pathological response after therapy, will further improve survival outcomes in this subset of patients.
Distinct immune status in patients with adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma: Implication for immunotherapy of non-small cell lung cancer; Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer mortality worldwide; therefore, understanding the biologic role of immune cell infiltrates in the tumor microenvironment is of eminent interest. In this study we compared immune cell populations, T-cell responses and secreted cytokines in primary tumors and nontumoral lung tissue from more than 40 adenocarcinomas (AC) and 40 squamous cell carcinomas (SCC) of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients undergoing neoadjuvant surgery. Moreover, we compared immune-suppressive populations such as CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T regulatory cells and myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSC) and the expression of immune checkpoint molecules PD-1, TIM3, LAG-3 and CTLA-4 in the blood of these patients. In both tumor subtypes we observed similarly higher infiltration of B cells, memory T cells, dendritic cells, NK cells, monocytes/macrophages, mast cells and CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T regulatory cells compared to nontumoral tissue. However, immune cells seemed to be suppressed functionally more in SCC than AC as we detected significantly lower IFN-γ-positive T cells and production of proinflammatory cytokines after stimulation. PD-1, TIM3 and LAG-3 expression on T cells in blood and PD-1 on intratumoral CD8+ T cells of SSC patients were significantly elevated compared to AC patients. Similarly, the high number of MDSC, which correlated with Arginase 1 mRNA levels and downregulation of CD3zeta in T cells, was detected only in SCC. These results suggest that immune system of SSC patients might be subjected to a higher systemic and tumor-associated immune suppression than in AC patients. This should be taken into consideration in designing lung cancer immunotherapeutic approaches.
From state-of-the-art treatments to novel therapies for advanced-stage pancreatic cancer; Improvements in the outcomes of patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) have lagged behind advances made in the treatment of many other malignancies over the past few decades. For most patients with PDAC, cytotoxic chemotherapy remains the mainstay of treatment. For patients with resectable disease, modified 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan and oxaliplatin (mFOLFIRINOX) is the standard-of-care adjuvant therapy, although data from several randomized trials have shown improved outcomes with neoadjuvant treatment strategies. For patients with advanced-stage or metastatic disease, comprehensive genomic profiling has revealed several potentially actionable alterations in small subsets of patients and the feasibility of implementing such strategies is beginning to be confirmed. Novel therapies targeting certain aberrations, most notably BRCA1/2 mutations, mismatch repair (MMR) deficiencies or NTRK1–3 fusions, have shown considerable activity in clinical trials, and larotrectinib, entrectinib and pembrolizumab have received FDA approval for the treatment of patients with tumours harbouring NTRK fusions and MMR deficiencies, respectively, regardless of primary tumour histology. In this Review, we describe the available data on the activity of these and other agents in patients with PDAC. Our discussion is structured according to the acronym ‘PRIME’ to organize the various treatment strategies currently undergoing evaluation in clinical trials: Pathway inhibition, alteration of DNA Repair pathways, Immunotherapy, cancer Metabolism and targeting the Extracellular tumour microenvironment.
Preclinical and Translational Approaches to Capturing Mechanisms of Immunotherapy Response and Resistance in NSCLC; Strategies incorporating immune checkpoint inhibition have achieved unprecedented successes and been rapidly incorporated into standard-of-care regimens for patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. Unfortunately, high rates of primary or acquired therapeutic resistance limit their broader efficacy for patients or durability. Using preclinical models, we have studied response and resistance to both single-agent and combination checkpoint blockade strategies. Consistently we have observed that the initial therapeutic response is accompanied by an overall reprogramming of the cellular immune microenvironment, followed by the development of resistance. Upregulation of molecules such as CD38 on tumor cells and cells of the myeloid compartment orchestrate changes in the metabolic environment as well as the cellular landscape, each of which define important and targetable components of resistance. We have similarly built patient cohorts and interventional trials for patients who are treated with surgical resection to leverage the neoadjuvant treatment space for tissue-based examination of response and resistance. This approach allows us to monitor for clinical response or resistance to treatment, while obtaining appropriate tissues for deep, multiplatform profiling of the tumor, normal tissues, and circulating factors. These efforts include the ICON Project (ImmogenomiC PrOfiling of Non-small cell lung cancer), which has profiled 150 patient tumors without neoadjuvant treatment or with neoadjuvant chemotherapy only and longitudinally followed patients for outcomes. Additionally, in the phase II NEOSTAR trial patients received neoadjuvant nivolumab (n=23) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (n=21) before undergoing surgical resection, with tumors from both of the arms undergoing multiplatform profiling. These individual efforts and comparison of the tumor data between them allow us to understand the baseline immunogenomic profiles and heterogeneity of NSCLC, as well as the effects of standard chemotherapy or immunotherapy. Using these datasets, we can define subsets of patients likely to respond to therapy, while identifying types of responses, biomarkers, and potential mechanisms that define resistance that can be targeted by combination or sequential therapies.
Targeting Myeloid Cells that Define the Tumor Immune Microenvironment in NSCLC; The composition of the tumor immune microenvironment dictates responsiveness to cancer immunotherapies, though discrete biomarkers to predict responsiveness are yet to be defined. Much of the focus of the field of biomarker research has been on the spatial distribution and activation status of CD8 T cells when defining whether a tumor is “inflamed” and potentially responsive to immunotherapy. However, the majority of the leukocyte composition of most tumors, including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), is of myeloid, not lymphoid, origin, and these cells appear to play a role in dictating therapeutic efficacy. Through single-cell analysis at the proteomic and transcriptomic level we can define the resident myeloid populations within the tumor, to determine the role these subsets play in developing an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment, and identify potential therapeutic targets. Through mass cytometry our group has demonstrated selective depletion of resident alveolar macrophages, with enrichment of a distinct tumor-associated macrophage (TAM) population within the tumor. Single-cell RNA sequencing confirms the disparate transcriptome of these TAMs contrasted with resident lung macrophages, and direct concordance between a defined monocyte-derived TAM and T regulatory cell enrichment, as well as T effector cell dysfunction. These inhibitory myeloid subsets present a potential therapeutic target to further potentiate current immunotherapy approaches. We have identified multiple chemokine and cytokine pathways that may be integral to recruitment and maintenance of this immunosuppressive milieu, and validated dependence on these pathways in preclinical studies. To investigate the role of two of these myeloid-recruitment pathways in vivo in humans, we have designed a neoadjuvant “window-of-opportunity” trial that will evaluate the synergy of PD-1 blockade with disruption of the CCR2/5 or interleukin-8 mediated myeloid recruitment and retention within early-stage NSCLC lesions.
ART1, a Mono-ADP-Ribosyltransferase, Regulates Tumor-Infiltrating CD8+ T Cells and Is Highly Expressed in EGFR Mutated Lung Cancers; Introduction: ADP-ribosyltransferase 1 (ART1), a GPI-linked cell surface protein, is broadly expressed at the protein level in human tumors and has been linked to tumor progression in colon cancer and gliomas. ART1 may regulate the immune microenvironment through mono-ADP-ribosylation of the P2X7 receptor on CD8+ T cells, leading to T-cell apoptosis through NAD-induced cell death. P2X7R expression is prominent on tissue resident memory (Trm) CD8+ T cells, which have increasingly been recognized for their critical role in immune response. We evaluated the role of ART1 in an immune-competent murine model and sought to determine the expression of ART1 in human tumors, particularly EGFR mutated tumors, which are known to be poorly responsive to immunotherapy. Methods: Initial experiments were performed using the KP1 lung cancer cell line derived from lung tumors of KRASG12D/P53-/- mice. KP1-shART1 cells with doxycycline (DOX)-inducible knockdown of ART1 were generated by lentiviral constructs and used in flank and tail vein tumor models to determine ART1 effects on tumor growth. A lung adenocarcinoma tissue microarray (TMA) was then stained and scored for ART1 expression in order to determine ART1 expression in human tumors. We also evaluated ART1 expression in patient samples by whole-tumor RNAseq and IHC from a prospective clinical trial of neoadjuvant durvalumab +/- subablative radiation therapy (NCT02904954). Results: ART1 knockdown significantly decreased tumor burden in flank and tail vein tumor models. Populations of tumor-infiltrating CD8+ T cells and of P2X7R+/CD8+ T cells were higher with ART1 knockdown, suggesting that ART1 expression on tumor cells may regulate tumor-infiltrating T cells. In human lung cell lines, the EGFR+ cell line H1650 expressed significantly more cell surface ART1 than A549 cells or BEAS cells (2.7- and 6.9-fold, respectively). In the TMA, among 463 stage I patients, 257 patient tumors (55.5%) strongly expressed ART1. Among patients with EGFR mutated tumors (n=79), 69.6% strongly expressed ART1 compared to 52.9% of KRAS+ tumors (n=119, p=0.03). In NCT02904954, among patients with whole-tumor RNAseq performed from preoperative biopsy (n=21), relative ART1 expression was 3-fold higher in EGFR+ patients (n=6). Median post-treatment H-scores for ART1 staining in resected tumors were also higher in EGFR+ tumors (120 vs. 77.5, p<0.065). No patients with EGFR+ tumors (n=8) had a major pathologic response to neoadjuvant durvalumab +/- RT, compared to a 38% combined arm MPR rate in EGFR- tumors (n=34). P2RX7 was strongly expressed in post-treatment tumors by whole-tumor RNAseq and trended higher in responders. Conclusions: ART1 expression on lung cancer cells modulates tumor-infiltrating CD8 T cells. Knockdown of ART1 abrogates tumor growth, suggesting that ART1 may be a potential novel immune checkpoint and a therapeutic target. ART1 is particularly overexpressed in EGFR mutated lung cancers and may provide one mechanism to help explain their poor response to immunotherapy.
Updates on the potential role of immune checkpoints sPD-1 and sPD-L1 in the stratification of many diseases; To determine the latest information on the soluble programmed death-1 (sPD-1) and soluble programmed death-ligand 1 (sPD-L1) immune checkpoints, we assessed the benefits and role of these two soluble proteins in various diseases. Eighty clinical studies in humans were discovered in the initial search among the 201 articles selected from the Pubmed electronic database. We grouped 80 clinical studies based on their disease pathophysiology, and selected 5 groups namely cancer, acute infectious/inflammatory, chronic infectious/inflammatory, autoimmune, and other diseases. Plasma or serum concentration is a common parameter used to assess the level of sPD-1/sPD-L1. In this review we discuss the comparison of sPD-1/sPD-L1 level in patients compared to healthy subjects, the correlation between the level of soluble form and membrane-bound PD-L1, as well as their association with the severity of diseases, treatment response, and other inflammatory markers. The sPD-1 and sPD-L1 significantly increased in cancer patients, and in patients with acute and chronic infection/inflammation. The increase also correlated with its bound shape in membrane and can assess the pathogenesis of disease and treatment response, except for the role of sPD-1 in the cancer treatment response which requires further studies. In autoimmune patients, diverse sPD-1 and sPD-L1 were reported compared with healthy subjects. A relatively small number of samples might be the cause. However, the same relationship was shown by all clinical studies in all diseases, reporting that increase in sPD-1/sPD-L1 correlated with markers of inflammatory indicators, like c-reactive protein (CRP) and various inflammatory cytokines. Since an increase in inflammatory markers occurred in other diseases such as metabolic syndrome disease, more clinical studies are required to confirm the correlation with sPD-1/sPD-L1.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant therapy for non-small-cell lung cancer; Objective: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy has increased the survival benefit of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. The effects of different neoadjuvant therapies are still controversial. We carried out the study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant therapy. Methods: We performed a search of electronic databases (PubMed, Embase, MEDLINE, Cochrane) for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing neoadjuvant treatment. After literature screening and data extraction, efficacy, and safety were analyzed by the Bayesian network meta-analysis (NMA). Results: A total of 19 RCTs were included, covering 3276 patients and six kinds of neoadjuvant therapies, including immunotherapy, targeted therapy, chemotherapy drugs and radiotherapy. Erlotinib, the first-generation epidermal growth factor receptor t﻿yrosine inhibitors (EGFR TKIs), neoadjuvant targeted therapy is best for improving overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS), which is superior to other neoadjuvant therapy, such as neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum drugs [hazard ratio (HR) 0.39, 95% confidence intervals (CIs) 0.16–0.96], neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (HR 0.37, 95% CI 0.14–0.96) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy with non-platinum drugs (HR 0.25, 95% CI 0.07–0.90). OS of all neoadjuvant therapies is superior to surgery alone, but only neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum drugs showed a significant advantage (HR 0.76, 95% CI 0.59–0.93). Besides, for the stage IIIA N2 NSCLC patients, no significant difference was found between neoadjuvant therapies. Conclusions: Targeted neoadjuvant therapy is the best treatment for prolonging PFS. The neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum drugs was associated with the better OS benefits for patients with NSCLC, compared with surgery alone. There is no significant difference in the efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy for the stage IIIA N2 NSCLC.
Colon cancer with peritoneal metastasis: A national cancer database analysis of treatment sequencing trends; Background: The role of cytoreductive surgery in treating colon cancer with peritoneal metastasis (PM) has become less controversial, but treatment sequence remains debated. We aimed to examine treatment sequencing trends and predictors of treatment using the National Cancer Database (NCDB). Methods: The NCDB was queried to identify colon cancer patients with PM between 2010-2015. Clinical stage IV colon cancers with known primary site and without bone, brain, liver or lung metastasis were included. Cases with neuroendocrine histology, isolated nodal metastasis, radiotherapy, immunotherapy, and missing treatment or follow-up data were excluded. Cochran-Armitage tests were used for the sequencing trend analyses, and logistic regression models for multivariable analysis. Results: A total of 3798 patients with PM were identified; 63%, 21%, and 15% received surgery, chemotherapy, or no treatment as first approach, respectively (Fig. 1A). Of those who received both surgery and chemotherapy, <10% received chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant setting. Over the period, a significant downward trend was observed for patients receiving surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy (46% to 26%) and an upward trend for no treatment (14% to 21%) and chemotherapy only (13% to 20%, p<0.01, Fig. 1B). On multivariable analysis, facility type, age, sex, insurance, primary site, histology and year of diagnosis were significant. Notably, community (OR 1.85) and integrated (OR 1.91) cancer programs were at increased odds of performing surgery first compared to administering chemotherapy. Patients with mucinous adenocarcinoma tended to have surgery first versus chemotherapy (OR 1.47), conversely patients with signet-ring cell carcinoma tended to have chemotherapy first (OR 1.79) when compared to adenocarcinoma. Patients with age ≥ 70 or public insurance were less likely to receive any treatment. Conclusion: While there was an overall trend towards utilizing palliative treatment approaches, only a small number of stage IV-PM patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Age, facility, and insurance were the major determinants of treatment received, possibly suggesting underlying healthcare disparities. (Figure Presented).
Representing cancer clinical trial criteria and attributes using ontologies: An NLP-assisted approach; Background: Low patient recruitment is one of the main reasons clinical trials fail. Identifying eligible patients for clinical trials using electric health records (EHRs) can help reach accrual targets. Ontology reasoning implemented in Trial2Patient, a scalable system we developed for matching patient to clinical trials, forms the basis for generating patient cohorts in our system. For efficient cohort definition, an attribute ontology for eligibility criteria and entity categorization is a necessary first step. To meet this requirement, we constructed an ontology platform for lung cancer trials. Methods: We classified 128 nonsmall cell lung cancer and 38 small cell lung cancer trials into different therapy groups. Among the 166 trials we examined, 110 were immuno-oncology therapy-based, 48 were targeted therapy-based, and 8 were chemotherapy or device trials. We analyzed the eligibility criteria for each trial manually to identify entities from all trials as well as indication specific and further therapy group specific entities. To incorporate a semi-automated, natural language process (NLP)-assisted named entity recognition (NER) into the future cohort definition process, we trained NLP and deep learning models for NER and ontology encoding. Attributes generated from 50 processed NSCLC trials were evaluated with our manually curated attributes. The ontology generated from lung cancer was tested in 74 prostate cancer trials for generalizability. Results:The ontology for lung cancer trials, which is generalizable to prostate cancer and other cancer clinical trials, were constructed. Total 507 attributes were extracted and entities were categorized into 8 groups. Evaluation of attributes generated by NLP and deep learning models compared with manually extracted attributes showed high consistency and accuracy. The average precision, recall and F1 values of 15 most commonly appearing entities (disease, histology, targeted therapy, immunotherapy, radiotherapy, neoadjuvant therapy, age, gender, test, vitals, value, drug, gene, mutation, problem) are 0.873, 0.769, and 0.805, respectively. Conclusions: We contribute to a clinical trial ontology platform for lung cancer and prostate cancer trial recruitment. This ontology platform can be expanded to other solid tumors or hematologic malignancies for clinical trial analysis, and can also be applied to generate synthetic control arm cohorts. We believe NLP-assisted NER can be successfully incorporated for the future work of large scale of clinical trial cohort definition.
EV-202: A phase II study of enfortumab vedotin in patients with select previously treated locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors; Background: Nectin-4, a transmembrane cell adhesion protein, is highly expressed in urothelial carcinoma (UC), breast cancer (BC), non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and gastroesophageal cancers (GEC); targeting Nectin-4 on these tumors may provide a novel treatment approach. Enfortumab vedotin (EV), an investigational human monoclonal antibody-drug conjugate, binds to Nectin-4 and upon internalization releases MMAE resulting in cell cycle arrest and cell death. Recently, EV received accelerated approval by the FDA for the treatment of adults with locally advanced/metastatic UC who previously received a PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor, and a platinum-containing chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant/adjuvant, locally advanced or metastatic setting. Use of EV in this study is investigational. Methods: This open-label phase 2 study (NCT04225117) will assess the efficacy and safety/tolerability of EV in patients (pts) with previously treated locally advanced/metastatic malignant solid tumors. Adult pts (∼240) with histologically or cytologically confirmed disease and an ECOG ≤1 will be enrolled into 1 of 6 tumorspecific cohorts (Table), with ∼40 pts each. While Nectin-4 expression is not required for enrollment, it is being tested retrospectively. Patients with active CNS metastases, grade ≥2 preexisting sensory or motor neuropathy, grade ≥3 immunotherapy-related hypothyroidism or panhypopituitarism, ongoing grade >3 immunotherapy-related AEs requiring high-dose steroids, or a history of uncontrolled diabetes mellitus within 3 months of the study will be excluded. All pts will receive EV 1.25 mg/kg IV on Days 1, 8, and 15 of each 28-day cycle until treatment discontinuation criteria are met; dose reductions/interruptions will be permitted. For all cohorts, the primary endpoint is investigatorassessed confirmed objective response rate (RECIST v1.1); secondary endpoints include duration of response, disease control rate, progression-free and overall survival, and safety/tolerability of EV. This study is recruiting as of February 2020.
Optimal treatment of stage iii non-small cell lung cancer; The appropriate treatment of stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients is a huge challenge in our everyday clinical practice due to patients' heterogeneity and the complexity of the available therapy modalities. Also, there is no clear consensus about the most efficient treatment for one part of such patients. In the light of that, a basic precondition for good results in the treatment of stage III NSCLC patients is a well organized multidisciplinary team. Surgical treatment as a primary, inital treatment option is indicated in just a small number of those patients. The most efficient treatment for the majority of patients with good general condition is concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT). The median overall survival for them is of about 25 months. Once it was concluded that the concurrent CRT was the optimal therapeutical approach, a series of clinical studies followed, which throughout more that 10 years of research brought no further success in the treatment of stage III NSCLC patients. In some of those studies induction or consolidation chemotherapy was added to the concurrent CRT, while other studies investigated the efficacy of platinum-based chemoterapeutic protocols modifications in concomitance with radiotherapy (paclitaxel or pemetrexed applied instead of etoposide). Despite great expectations from the significant techological improvements in the radiotherapy field, with the increase of tumor dose from 60 to 74 Gy we did not obtain better effieciency, but just higher toxicity. Furthermore, we do not have any evidence that the overall survival improves with the surgical treatment after the chemo(radio)therapy. Finally, in phase III clinical study, when the patients who were treated with the concurrent CRT started to receive consolidation therapy with durvalumab or placebo, a long awaited progress was reached. The median progression-free survival increased significantly with durvalumab (5,6 months versus 16,8 months, HR 0,52, p<0,001), just like the overall survival (HR = 0,68, 95% CI 0,53-0,87, p=0,00251, median not reached with durvalumab versus 29,1 months with placebo). It is important to mention that neoadjuvant immunotherapy shows very promising results. For example, in phase II trial neoadjuvant treatment with ipilimumab (one cycle) and nivolumab (three cycles) in 44% of patients with stage I-III (single N2) resectable NSCLC resulted with major pathological response (MPR, tumors with no more than 10% viable tumor cells). Even more impressive results are obtained with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. In phase II trial, 3 cycles of nivolumab, paclitaxel and carboplatin in patients with resecable stage III A (N2) NSCLC resulted with MPR in 83% of patients, 58% of patients had a complete pathologic response.
Atezolizumab plus stereotactic ablative therapy for medically inoperable patients with earlystage non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Stereotactic ablative radiation therapy (SABR) is the standard-of-care for medically inoperable, early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but regional and distant failures remain problematic. Based on our in vivodata showing synergy between radiation and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) and the known efficacy and mild toxicity profile of ICI in NSCLC, we conducted a phase I study to determine the maximum tolerated dose of neoadjuvant, concurrent, and adjuvant atezolizumab with SABR for early stage NSCLC patients (pts). Methods: Eligible pts had histologically confirmed T1-3 NSCLC with at least one feature predictive of increased recurrence risk: diameter ≥1 cm, SUV ≥6.2 on PET, or moderately/poorly differentiated histology, were medically inoperable or refused surgery and had a Zubrod PS ≤2. Patients received 6 cycles of atezolizumab. A 3+3 dose finding design was employed with 3 dose levels: 3 mg/kg, 10 mg/kg, and 1200 mg flat dosing. SABR was delivered starting cycle 3 to 50 Gy over 4-5 fractions. Dose limiting toxicity (DLT) was assessed during the first 9 weeks. Results: 20 pts were enrolled, 15 pts in the dose finding and 5 pts at the recommended phase II dose (RP2D). Patient factors: MedIan age 77; 45% male, 85% smoking history, 85% PS 0-1 and 35% squamous. One pt on dose level 2 had a DLT - a grade 3 rash. Atezolizumab 1200 mg flat dosing was the RP2D. Grade 3 pneumonitis was not observed. Partial responses after 2 cycles were seen in 3/17 evaluable pts (18%) and 1 pt had a minor response. No patient progressed on treatment. PD-L1 expression was 0% 8/13 (62%), >1% - 50% 4/13 (31%), >50% 1/13 (8%) in pts with sufficient tissue. Of 5 pts with PD-L1 expression 3 (60%) were responders and 1 (12.5%) of 8 pts with 0% PD-L1 expression responded. Multi-plex Quantitative Immunofluorescence (QIF) using a T cell activation panel demonstrated to correlate with ICI response was performed on 9 samples (including 2 responders, 1 minor responder). The CD3 QIF score was > two-fold higher in the responders compared to non-responders, and the levels of proliferating and activated T cells were likewise > two-fold higher. Comprehensive stool and serial blood analyses have been completed. Correlative endpoints will be reported along with additional efficacy outcomes. Conclusions: Atezolizumab plus SABR is feasible, safe and shows an efficacy signal in medically inoperable early stage NSCLC. This combination will be tested in a randomized phase III trial SWOG/NRG S1914.
SAKK 16/14: Anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA(N2) nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC)- A multicenter single-arm phase II trial; Background: For patients (pts) with resectable stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) neoadjuvant chemotherapy (chemo) with 3 cycles cisplatin (cis)/docetaxel (doc) followed by surgery is an accepted standard of care leading to a 1-year (yr) event-free survival (EFS) of 48% and a 5-yr overall survival (OS) of 37%. PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors have recently shown to lead to high response rates in resectable NSCLC. Methods: SAKK 16/14 is an open-label single-arm phase II study including 68 pts with resectable NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0), irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Neoadjuvant treatment consisted of 3 cycles of cis 100 mg/m2and doc 85 mg/m2q3w followed by 2 cycles of durvalumab 750 mg q2w. Durvalumab was continued after surgery q2w for 1 yr. The primary endpoint is EFS at 1 yr. The statistical hypothesis is to improve EFS at 1 yr from 48% based on the SAKK 16/00 study to 65%. Here, we report the primary endpoint and response data from 67 evaluable pts included in the study. Results: 68 pts were included from 06/16 to 01/19 and 67 pts (35 males, 32 females) were evaluable. Median age was 61 yrs (range, 41-74). 52 pts (77.6%) had a WHO PS of 0. 95.5% were current or former smokers. The majority of tumors were adenocarcinoma (55.2%) followed by squamous cell histology (32.8%). Clinical stage T1, T2 and T3 were present at diagnosis in 22.4%, 49.3% and 28.4%, respectively. 81.1% of pts underwent resection. The main reason for not undergoing surgery was disease progression (33.3%). Pneumonectomy was performed in 5 pts (9.1%), 43 pts underwent lobectomy and 7 pts bilobectomy. 30-day postoperative mortality was observed in one patient (1.8%). One patient died due to a bleeding complication after surgery most likely not related to neoadjuvant therapy. Radiographic response was 44.8% (95%CI: 32.6-57.4) after neoadjuvant chemo and 59.7% (95%CI: 46.4-71.9) after additional neoadjuvant immunotherapy. 1-yr EFS was 73.3% (90%CI: 62.5-81.4). Results for pathologic remission rate as well as correlation with PD-L1 status will be presented during the meeting. Conclusions: We report on treatment outcomes of the largest cohort of pts with resectable stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC receiving perioperative immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy. The addition of perioperative durvalumab to standard of care cis/doc is safe and leads to a high response rate and a very encouraging 1-yr EFS rate that appears substantially higher than with chemo alone.
CT and PET radiomic features associated with major pathologic response to neoadjuvant immunotherapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: An early biomarker of response to immunotherapy (IO) is needed urgently to identify the patients (pts) who will derive benefit. We reported the first clinical trial of neoadjuvant IO (nIO) in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (NCT02259621). In this study, we investigated whether there was an association between MPR and radiomic features (RF) in [18F]-fluorodeoxyglucose ([18F]-FDG) PET and standard CT images obtained at baseline and after nIO in early stage NSCLC tumors. Methods: Prior to receiving neoadjuvant nivolumab or nivolumab/ipilimumab, patients with Stage I-IIIA NSCLC underwent two [18F]-FDG PETCTs and/or plain CTs: a baseline scan at enrollment (PRE), and after nIO (POST). After neoadjuvant treatment, tumors were resected and evaluated for MPR. Volumes of interest (VOIs) were drawn around primary tumors on the scans. Using our novel radiomic software, Imager-4D, VOIs were evaluated for 20 RFs assessing [18F]-FDG standard uptake value (SUV) or Hounsfield unit (HU) heterogeneity and spatial distribution in PET and CT images respectively. The baseline, post-treatment, and percent change in RFs before and after nIO were compared between tumors with and without MPR. Wilcoxon test was used for the comparisons. Results: The PRE and POST scans of 24 pts were analyzed. All pts had PRE and POST CTs performed, and 17 pts had PRE and POST [18F]-FDG PET-CT scans. 7 of 24 (29%) had MPR. In the CT scan analysis, HU-based RFs of voxel count, total volume, energy, entropy, homogeneity, contrast, and dissimilarity in POST CT scans each significantly association with MPR. In the PET scan analysis, SUV mean and voxel count RFs in the POST scans, and the percent change in the cluster shade RF between PRE and POST scans were significantly associated with MPR. Conclusions: Collectively, we identified a significant increase in heterogeneity in the POST CT images of NSCLC tumors that had MPR. This association may reflect increased T cell infiltration or tumor necrosis. In contrast, most [18F]- FDG-based RFs did not distinguish MPR vs non- MPR tumors, although the sample size was limited. We will further investigate these HU-based RFs as non-invasive markers of response to IO in conjunction with pathologic markers of IO response and in a larger patient cohort.
Peripheral blood T-cell receptor immune repertoire characterization of resectable stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment from NADIM study; Background: Characterization of the peripheral blood T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire has become a novel approach to predict the clinical benefit to anti- PD1/PDL1 therapy. However, there is lack of knowledge about the clinical relevance of TCR repertoire in terms of pathological response and clinical outcomes (PFS and OS) in chemoimmunotherapy. To answer this question we have analysed samples from the NADIM study (NCT03081689), in which resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients were treated with neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy with Nivolumab. Methods: Using ION Torrent-based nextgeneration sequencing we have analysed TCR repertoire of peripheral blood from 30 patients receiving chemo-immunotherapy. Using 25ng of total RNA from PBMCs, clonal convergence, evenness and diversity were calculated at diagnosis (pretreatment) and after 3 cycles of Nivolumab plus carboplatin (post-treatment). Regarding pathological responses, patients were classified in 3 groups: complete response (pCR) (0% viable tumour at the resection specimen), mayor response (pMR) ( < 10% viable tumour) and incomplete response (pIR) ( > 10% of viable tumour). At data analysis, PFS and OS median follow-up times were longer than 20 months. Results: No statistically significant differences in TCR repertoire in terms of evenness (p = 0,373), diversity (p = 0,691) or convergence (p = 0,054) between pre- and post-neoadjuvant treatment were observed. Similarly, no significant differences were observed in these metrics between pathological response groups. However, a detailed analysis of the clones showed that the percentage of frequent clones (greater than 0.1%) that increase after neoadjuvant therapy does show differences between the different pathological response groups (pIR vs pMR), being elevated in patients who presented responses greater than 90% (p = 0.0385). Regarding the clinical benefit, having this parameter higher than the median (43,90% in this cohort) is associated with a higher PFS (p = 0.0490) and OS (p = 0.078) using KM Log-rank test. Conclusions: Evenness, Diversity and Convergence derived from immune repertoire analysis do not appear to be clinically useful in the context of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in lung cancer. However, the detailed analysis of the clones seems promising. The increase of the most frequent clones after treatment seems to be associated to different clinical variables such as pathological response and PFS in these patients.
Randomized phase II study of canakinumab (CAN) or pembrolizumab (PEM) as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant therapy in patients (Pts) with surgically resected (Stage IB-IIIA) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): CANOPY-N; Background: Complete surgical resection is the standard treatment (tx) for pts with stage I-IIIA NSCLC. 5-year survival rates range from 19-50%, with most pts dying from distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy improves overall survival (OS) by only 5% in pts with NSCLC, and new tx options are needed. Preliminary data with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors as neoadjuvant therapy has shown major pathologic responses (MPR) or pathologic complete responses (pCR) in pts with early stage NSCLC. CANTOS study demonstrated reduced incidence of NSCLC and decreased lung cancer-related mortality with CAN (IL-1β inhibitor) versus placebo, in a dose-dependent manner for pts with atherosclerosis. In pre-clinical NSCLC humanized models, tx with CAN±anti PD-1 inhibitor could lead to anti-tumor activity. Combination of CAN and PEM is expected to enhance the efficacy of PD- 1 inhibition by inhibiting dysregulated inflammation in tumor microenvironment. Based on available evidence, CANOPY-N study was designed to evaluate effect of CAN and PEM as monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant tx for pts with resectable NSCLC. Methods: CANOPY-N (NCT03968419) is a phase II, randomized, openlabel study evaluating effect of CAN or PEM monotherapy or in combination as neoadjuvant tx in resectable NSCLC pts. Histologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA, tx-naive, ECOG PS 0-1 NSCLC pts eligible for surgery and with a planned surgical resection in approximately 4-6 weeks (after 1st dose of study tx), are eligible to participate. An archival (if obtained up to 6 months before 1st day of tx) or new biopsy is required. Approximately 110 pts will be randomized in 2:2:1 ratio (stratified by histology [squamous/non-squamous]) to one of the tx arms to receive a total of 2 doses (200 mg Q3w) of CAN alone (n = 44) or in combination with PEM (n = 44) or PEM (n = 22) with safety follow-up up to 130 days from last study drug dose. Primary endpoint is to determine MPR rate (≤10% of residual viable tumor cells at time of surgery), secondary endpoints include determination of ORR, MPR rate based on local review, surgical feasibility rates, anti-drug antibodies incidence and PK parameters.
Checkmate 77T: A phase III trial of neoadjuvant nivolumab (NIVO) plus chemotherapy (chemo) followed by adjuvant nivo in resectable early-stage NSCLC; Background: Although surgery for early NSCLC is potentially curative, 5-year overall survival (OS) rates for patients with stage IIA-IIIB disease are historically < 50%, representing a population of high unmet need. Conventional neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemo provides only a 5% absolute improvement in OS at 5 years. A rational approach to improve survival in these patients is to eradicate micrometastatic disease and potentially induce antitumor immunity to minimize the risk of relapse with peri-operative regimens including NIVO, a fully human anti-programmed death receptor-1 antibody. Early phase trials indicate that NIVO-based regimens have the potential to deepen pathological responses and extend survival in this setting (Reuss JE et al. Poster presentation at ASCO 2019. Abstract 8524; Cascone T et al. Oral presentation at ASCO 2019. Abstract 8504; Provencio M et al. Oral presentation at WCLC 2019. Abstract OA13.05). Data from the phase 2 single-arm NADIM trial (NCT03081689) demonstrated the highly encouraging major pathological response (MPR) rate of 83% with neoadjuvant NIVO plus chemo followed by adjuvant NIVO in patients with resectable stage IIIA NSCLC (Provencio M et al. Oral presentation at WCLC 2019. Abstract OA13.05). These results require validation in a large randomized controlled study. CheckMate 77T (NCT04025879) is a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial evaluating neoadjuvant NIVO plus chemo followed by adjuvant NIVO in resectable early stage NSCLC. Methods: Approximately 452 patients aged ≥ 18 years with resectable stage IIA-IIIB (T3N2 only) NSCLC, ECOG performance status 0-1, and available lung tumor tissue will be enrolled at 113 sites in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. Patients with EGFR/ALK mutations, brain metastasis, prior systemic anti-cancer treatment or radiotherapy, and autoimmune disease are excluded. Patients will be randomized to receive neoadjuvant NIVO plus carboplatin- or cisplatinbased doublet chemo followed by surgery and adjuvant NIVO, or neoadjuvant placebo plus carboplatin- or cisplatin-based doublet chemo followed by surgery and adjuvant placebo. The primary endpoint is event-free survival, assessed by blinded independent central review. Secondary endpoints include OS, pathological complete response and MPR assessed by blind independent pathological review, safety and tolerability. The start date was September 2019. The estimated primary completion date is May 2023.
Neoadjuvant endobronchial delivery of gene mediated cytotoxic immunotherapy (GMCI) for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Safety and immunologic activity; Background: GMCI is a tumor-specific immunooncology approach implemented through local delivery of aglatimagene besadenovec(AdV-tk) followed by anti-herpetic prodrug. This leads to immunogenic tumor cell death, antigen presenting cell activation, and T cell stimulation resulting in CD8 T cell dependent protection, as demonstrated in preclinical models and clinical trials in other tumor types. This is the first study to assess endobronchial delivery of AdV-tk for NSCLC. Methods: This Phase I dose escalation trial enrolled patients with suspected NSCLC who were candidates for surgery. A single AdV-tk injection was performed by endobronchial ultrasound (n = 11) or mediastinoscopy (n = 1) during the diagnostic staging procedure 3 weeks prior to surgery. Three dose levels were evaluated: 2.5x 1011 , 5x1011, and 1x1011 vector particles (vp) in a 3+3 design. Valacyclovir was administered for 14 days, starting the day after AdV-tk injection. To assess the local and systemic effects of GMCI, immune biomarkers were evaluated in blood and tumor samples before and after GMCI. Results: From 2017-2019, 12 patients (9 men, 3 women, median age 65 [range 55- 80]) received GMCI followed by surgery. Average tumor size was 5.1 cm (largest diameter) and final pathologic stage was I (n = 4), II (n = 3), and III (n = 5). Treatment-related adverse events were CTC grade 1 fever (n = 1), flu-like symptoms (n = 1) and nausea/vomiting/diarrhea (n = 1). The only > grade 2 lab abnormality was transient grade 3 lymphopenia (n = 2). A measurable reduction in tumor size was observed in one patient. The average amount of tumor necrosis was 29.4%. Significant infiltration of CD8 T cells (5.2-fold compared to baseline, p = 0.001) was found in tumor 19-22 days after AdV-tk injection. Within the CD8 tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, there was increased expression of CD38 (2.5-fold, p = 0.002), Ki67 (4.8-fold, p = 0.02), PD1 (1.9-fold, p = 0.002), CD39 (2.9-fold, p = 0.04) and CTLA-4 (4.8-fold, p < 0.001), without significant detected differences in Tim3 or TIGIT. Simultaneously, peripheral blood CD8 cells displayed significant increases in CD38 (3.4-fold, p = 0.006), HLA-DR (4.2-fold, p = 0.002), and Ki67 (5.8- fold, p = 0.017). Conclusions: Intratumoral injection of AdV-tk into lung tumors was safe and feasible. Further, AdV-tk effectively induced peripheral blood and intra-tumoral CD8 T cell activation. Consequent upregulation of inhibitory receptors suggests a potential benefit for combination therapies.
Pulmonary Artery Resection During Lung Resection for Malignancy; Background: Complete resection of central tumors invading the main pulmonary artery (PA) requires arterial reconstruction to avoid pneumonectomy. Oncologic equivalence with pneumonectomy has been suggested. We review clinical selection and outcome for these uncommon procedures in the context of candidacy for pneumonectomy. Methods: From 2000 to 2018, 9 different surgeons performed 34 pulmonary arterial resections for primary or metastatic pulmonary malignancy, with independent determination of pneumonectomy candidacy and arterioplasty technique. Patients undergoing limited lateral stapled PA resection (n = 3) or resection for metastasis (n = 3) were excluded from survival analysis. Results: The PA was resected as a sleeve with primary anastomosis (14.7%) or noncircumferentially with primary (61.8%), stapled (8.8%), or patch (14.7%) closure. Arterial resections represented between 2.5% and 43% of each surgeon's pneumonectomy volume. Sixteen (47%) patients were candidates for pneumonectomy. There was no operative mortality and 1 death at 47 days. Postoperative complications occurred in 21 (61.8%) patients. No patient required completion pneumonectomy. Overall 5-year survival was 33% (95% confidence interval [CI], 12-53). Compared with pulmonary arterioplasty alone, patients undergoing bronchial sleeve resection and pulmonary arterioplasty had better disease-free 5-year survival (50% [95% CI, 18-82] vs 19% [95% CI, 5-43]; P = .04), higher complete resection rate (100% [95% CI, 83-100] vs 80% [95% CI, 56-94]; P = .23) and lower disease recurrence (8% [n = 1 of 13] vs 47% [n = 7 of 15]; P = .04); 80% of disease recurrence was distant. Conclusions: Resection and reconstruction of the PA for malignant lung disease may be safely performed. In candidates for pneumonectomy, arterial resection offers low operative risk. Long-term survival is impaired by distant, not local, recurrence emphasizing the importance of systemic therapy.
Extended resections for the treatment of patients with T4 stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (T4N0-1M0) with or without cardiopulmonary bypass: A 15-year two-center experience; Background: Stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a heterogeneous group of patients, often requiring variable and individualized approaches. The dilemma to operate or not frequently arises, since more than 75% of the cases of NSCLC are diagnosed in advanced stages (IIIA). The main objective of this study was to assess whether the benefits outweigh surgical risks for the T4N0-1M0 subgroup. Methods: Data from 857 patients with locally advanced T4 NSCLC were retrospectively collected from two different institutions, between 2002 and 2017. Clinical data that were retrieved and analyzed, included demographics, comorbidities, surgical details, neoadjuvant or/and adjuvant therapy and postoperative complications. Results: Twelve patients were in the cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) group and thirty in the non-CPB. The most common types of lung cancer were squamous cell carcinoma (50.0%) and adenocarcinoma (35.7%). The most frequent invasion of the tumor was seen in main pulmonary artery and the superior vena cava. Significantly more patients of the CPB group underwent pneumonectomy as their primary lung resection (P=0.006). In all patients R0 resection was achieved according to histological reports. The overall 5-year survival was 60%, while the median overall survival was 22.5 months. Analysis revealed that patient age (P=0.027), preoperative chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (P=0.001), tumor size (4.0 vs. 6.0 cm) (P=0.001), postoperative respiratory dysfunction (P=0.001) and postoperative atelectasis (P=0.036) are possible independent variables that are significantly correlated with patient outcome. Conclusions: We suggest that in patients with stage IIIA/T4 NSCLC, complete resection of the T4 tumor, although challenging, can be performed in highly selected patients. Such an approach seems to result in improved long-term survival. More specific studies on this area of NSCLC probably will further enlighten this field, and may result in even better outcomes, as advanced systemic perioperative approaches such as modern chemotherapy, immunotherapy and improvements in radiation therapy have been incorporated in daily practice.
Treatment Patterns and Outcomes in Patients with Relapsed or Refractory Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma: Experience from a Single UK Centre; Introduction: First-line (1L) therapy for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) can cure ~60% of patients (pts), but ~10-15% do not respond and 20-25% relapse. Salvage chemotherapy with autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) is standard for ‘fit’ pts with relapsed or refractory (R/R) disease. However ~50% of pts are ineligible for transplant and most who undergo ASCT will relapse; for these pts options are extremely limited. Here we evaluated R/R DLBCL treatment patterns and outcomes for pts managed at a single UK center to create a detailed ‘real-world’ comparator for novel therapies. Methods: A detailed retrospective analysis of medical records was undertaken for pts with DLBCL 2006-2017 and a R/R event 2011-2017. Additional eligibility criteria were: age ≥18 years; ≥1 prior anti-CD20 antibody-containing chemo-immunotherapy regimen; no history of high-grade transformation; and no lymphomatous CNS involvement. Pt characteristics, treatments, responses, and overall survival (OS) were reported by line (L) of therapy (2L, 3L, 4L+) in all pts and in refractory pts (defined as no response to or relapse within 6 months of last treatment). Results: Of 2025 pts diagnosed with DLBCL 2006-2017, 89 fulfilled eligibility including a R/R event 2011-2017: 89, 63, and 41 received 2L, 3L, and 4L+ treatment. Median age at 2L was 66 years (range 58-72). 58.4% (n=52) were male and 64.0% (n=57) were stage III/IV; 49.4% (n=44) were ABC subtype and 29.2% (n=26) were GCB. Systemic 2L therapies (≥5% incidence) included R-DHAP (20.2%; n=18), R-GDP (20.2%; n=18), DHAP (10.1%; n=9), R-GCVP (7.9%; n=7), and gemcitabine (5.6%; n=5). In 2L, 23.6% (n=21) of pts underwent ASCT. With each line, regimens became more diverse, with increased use of experimental therapies. Overall response rate was 46.1% in 2L, 27.0% in 3L, and 9.8% in 4L+. In refractory pts, it was 34.8%, 21.2%, and 7.9% (Table). OS is shown in the Figure and Table; 2-year OS was 30.6% in all R/R pts and 20.5% in refractory pts. Median OS was reduced in pts with low ECOG performance status or high LDH. Two-year OS was 71.4% in transplanted pts (n=23) and 16.3% in non-transplanted pts. Conclusions: Despite multiple treatment options, pts with R/R DLBCL have a very poor prognosis, highlighting the need for rapid introduction of more effective therapies. This can be facilitated by robust data such as these, which may be used for comparing outcomes of novel therapies with those expected at a given line of treatment in the ‘real world’, unrestricted by the requirements of a trial protocol. Results will be compared with those from the SCHOLAR-1 study (Crump et al. Blood 2017;130:1800-8) to provide greater clarity regarding R/R DLBCL treatment outcomes in the ‘real world’ setting. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Radford: Seattle Genetics: Consultancy, Honoraria; Takeda: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Novartis: Consultancy, Honoraria; ADC Therapeutics: Consultancy, Research Funding; AstraZeneca: Equity Ownership, Research Funding; GSK: Equity Ownership; BMS: Consultancy, Honoraria. Castro: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment. Chaturvedi: Christie Hospital NHS Trust: Employment. Spielewoy: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment. Gibb: Takeda: Research Funding. Surinach: Genesis Research: Employment. Shang: F.Hoffmann-La Roche AG: Employment. Wenger: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment, Equity Ownership. OffLabel Disclosure: “Atezolizumab (atezo) is a programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody. In the United States, atezo is approved for treatment of pts with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are: not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy (chemo) and whose tumors express PDL-1, or are not eligible for any platinum-containing chemo regardless of PD L1 status; or have disease progression during or following any platinum-containing chemo, or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemo. Atezo is also approved: in combination with bevacizumab, paclitaxel and carboplatin for first-line treatment of pts with metastatic non-squamous non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and for pts with metastatic NSCLC who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemo; in combination with paclitaxel protein-bound for the treatment of adults with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer whose tumors express PD-L1; and in combination with carboplatin and etoposide, for the first-line treatment of adults with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer. Atezo is not approved for treatment of pts with multiple myeloma.”
Safety and Efficacy of Atezolizumab in Combination with Rituximab Plus CHOP in Previously Untreated Patients with Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL): Updated Analysis of a Phase I/II Study; Introduction: Up to 40% of patients (pts) with previously untreated diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) fail to achieve remission, or relapse, with standard-of-care rituximab (R) plus CHOP (R-CHOP). Atezolizumab (atezo) is a fully humanized anti-programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) antibody with a complementary mode of action to R. We present updated data from an ongoing Phase I/II study (NCT02596971) evaluating the safety and efficacy of atezo combined with R-CHOP (R-CHOP-atezo) in pts with previously untreated DLBCL. This is an updated analysis performed at the end of consolidation (EOC). Methods: This open-label, multicenter study enrolled adults with previously untreated advanced DLBCL (ECOG performance status 0-2). Pts received induction treatment with R-CHOP-atezo (8 x 21-day cycles of R [375mg/m2 i.v. on Day 1 (Cycles 1-8)] and atezo [1200mg i.v. on Day 1 (Cycles 2−8)], and 6 or 8 cycles of CHOP, as determined by the investigator [INV]). Pts who had a complete response (CR) at end of induction (EOI) received consolidation treatment with atezo 1200mg i.v. on Day 1 of Cycles 9─25, every 21 days for 12 months. Pts are followed for 12 months after EOC. Primary endpoints were safety and efficacy as determined by CR rate at EOI by an independent review committee (IRC) using Lugano 2014 criteria (modified to include required confirmation of CR at EOI by biopsy in cases with bone marrow involvement at baseline, and confirmation of a PET-based partial response [PR] by CT-based CR or PR). Secondary endpoints included progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Results: As of May 2019, 42 pts had enrolled and received treatment. Of these, 7 pts discontinued study treatment prior to EOI (protocol violation [n=1], adverse event [AE; n=4], progressive disease [PD; n=1] and withdrawn consent [n=1]); 5 more pts discontinued at EOI (PD [n=2] and PR [n=3]). Of 30 pts initiating consolidation treatment, 15 discontinued (AE [n=9], PD [n=3] and withdrawn consent [n=3]). Median observation time was 21.3 (0.7-29.2) months. Key baseline characteristics included: median age, 65 years; International Prognostic Index (IPI) score ≥3, 69%; cell of origin (COO; Nanostring): ABC (34%), GCB (53%), unclassified (12.5%). Among the 40 pts who received at least one dose of atezo, and were therefore evaluable for efficacy at EOI, 31 (77.5%) had a CR and 4 (10%) had a PR by IRC; PD occurred in 2 (5%) pts; 3 (7.5%) were not evaluable. At 6, 12, 18 (EOC) and 24 months, Kaplan-Meier estimates (95% CI) of INV-assessed PFS were 97.4% (82.8, 99.6), 83.6% (67.0, 92.3), 80.6% (63.5, 90.3) and 74.9% (54.3, 87.2), respectively, and those for OS were 100% (not evaluable), 97.5% (83.6, 99.6), 89.8% (75.1, 96.1) and 86.4% (70.0, 94.2), respectively. Kaplan-Meier survival curves for PFS and OS are shown in the Figure. All 42 pts in the safety population experienced ≥1 AE of any grade, with neutropenia (52.4%), constipation (42.9%) and fatigue (40.5%) the most common. Grade 3-4 AEs occurred in 28/42 (67%) pts during induction and 15/30 (50%) pts during consolidation. Hematologic events were the most common grade 3-4 AEs (Table). One fatal AE (unconfirmed progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy) was reported during follow-up. Overall, 24% of pts had an AE of special interest (AESI). The most common AESIs during induction were lipase increased (n=1), hyperthyroidism (n=1) and amylase increased (n=1), and those during consolidation were lipase increased (n=2), pancreatitis (n=2) and hepatitis (n=2). These events were generally well managed by atezo discontinuation and steroid treatment, and were largely reversible. AEs led to discontinuation of any treatment in 15 (36%) pts. AEs that led to discontinuation of any treatment in ≥1 pt were neutropenia (n=3), lipase increased (n=3) and amylase increased (n=2). Despite a relatively high number of discontinuations due to AEs during consolidation, events were generally manageable and reversible and all pts maintained response at the time of the analysis. Exploratory biomarker data and minimal residual disease data will be presented. Conclusions: The EOI PET-CR response rate and preliminary PFS with R-CHOP-atezo are encouraging and at least comparable to those previously reported for R-CHOP. The overall safety profile of R-CHOP-atezo appears manageable and as expected, with no new safety signals reported with consolidation and no overall increase in toxicity other than immune-mediated events. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Younes: BMS: Research Funding; Epizyme: Consultancy, Honoraria; Celgene: Consultancy, Honoraria; HCM: Consultancy; Genentech: Research Funding; Syndax: Research Funding; Xynomics: Consultancy; Biopath: Consultancy; Takeda: Honoraria; Abbvie: Honoraria; Roche: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Janssen: Honoraria, Research Funding; Curis: Honoraria, Research Funding; Merck: Honoraria, Research Funding; AstraZeneca: Research Funding; Pharmacyclics: Research Funding. Burke: Celgene: Consultancy; Roche/Genentech: Consultancy; Gilead: Consultancy. Cheson: Pharmacyclics: Consultancy, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding; Celgene: Consultancy, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding; Genentech: Consultancy, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding; Abbvie: Consultancy, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding; Trillium: Research Funding; TG Therapeutics: Consultancy, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding; Seattle Genetics: Research Funding; Bristol Myers Squibb: Research Funding; Portola: Research Funding; Kite: Research Funding; Gilead: Research Funding; Epizyme: Research Funding; Morphosys: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; AstraZeneca: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Acerta: Consultancy, Research Funding; Symbios: Equity Ownership, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees. Diefenbach: Bristol-Myers Squibb: Consultancy, Research Funding; Denovo: Research Funding; Genentech: Consultancy, Research Funding; Incyte: Research Funding; LAM Therapeutics: Research Funding; MEI: Research Funding; Merck: Consultancy, Research Funding; Seattle Genetics: Consultancy, Research Funding; Millenium/Takeda: Research Funding; Trillium: Research Funding. Hahn: Roche: Other: Roche paid airfare and accommodation for attendance at ASH 3 years ago. Hawkes: Takeda: Speakers Bureau; Merck Sharp & Dohme: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Roche: Research Funding; Astra Zeneca: Research Funding; Roche/Genentech: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Other: Travel expenses, Speakers Bureau; Bristol-Myers Squibb: Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Celgene: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding; Merck KgA: Research Funding; Janssen-Cilag: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau; Mundi pharma: Research Funding; Gilead: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Research Funding. Khan: Genentech, Inc.: Honoraria, Research Funding, Speakers Bureau. Lossos: NIH: Research Funding; Seattle Genetics: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Janssen Scientific: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees. Vitolo: F. Hoffmann-La Roche: Speakers Bureau; Gilead: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Novartis: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Kite: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Abbvie: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Janssen: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Celgene: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Juno Therapeutics: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees. Yuen: Seattle Genetics, Inc.: Other: Travel expenses, Research Funding. Raval: Roche: Employment, Equity Ownership. Shivhare: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment. Nielsen: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment, Equity Ownership. Sellam: Roche: Employment, Equity Ownership. Sharman: AstraZeneca: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; AbbVie: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Genentech: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; TG Therapeutics: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Janssen: Consultancy, Research Funding; Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie Company: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Acerta: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding. OffLabel Disclosure: Atezolizumab (atezo) is a programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody. In the United States, atezo is approved for treatment of pts with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are: not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy (chemo) and whose tumors express PDL-1, or are not eligible for any platinum-containing chemo regardless of PD L1 status; or have disease progression during or following any platinum-containing chemo, or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemo. Atezo is also approved: in combination with bevacizumab, paclitaxel and carboplatin for first-line treatment of pts with metastatic non-squamous non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and for pts with metastatic NSCLC who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemo; in combination with paclitaxel protein-bound for the treatment of adults with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer whose tumors express PD-L1; and in combination with carboplatin and etoposide, for the first-line treatment of adults with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer. Atezo is not approved for treatment of pts with multiple myeloma.
Dynamics of Activated CD8+ T-cells and Decreased Osteoclasts in the Tumor Microenvironment are Associated with Clinical Efficacy of Anti-PD-L1 and Anti-CD38 Combination Treatment in Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma; Introduction: Immune checkpoint inhibition targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway is insufficient to induce clinical response in relapsed or refractory (R/R) multiple myeloma (MM). We postulated that combining atezolizumab (A; anti-PD-L1) with daratumumab (D; anti-CD38), which targets myeloma cells and has immunomodulatory activity, may alter the tumor microenvironment (TME) to favor cytotoxic T-cell activation and clinical activity. To assess the immunologic efficacy of this combination, we studied changes in CD8+ T cells in D-naïve and D-refractory pts from a Phase Ib study (GO29695; NCT02431208). Methods: Flow cytometry was performed using longitudinal peripheral blood (PB) and bone marrow aspirates (BMA) to characterize CD8+ cytotoxic T cells using 8 color flow panels. RNA sequencing (RNAseq) and dual-plex immunohistochemistry (IHC) (CD138/CD8, CD8/Ki-67, CD138/osteoclast) were performed using longitudinal CD138+ fraction and bone biopsies, respectively. For IHC, CD138+ cell masses of >5000μm2 were defined as tumor clusters. Osteoclasts were enumerated based on TRAP positivity and morphology. Table 1 shows on-treatment changes in Cohorts D1-D3. Table 2 shows baseline data in Cohorts A, B, D1-D3, and E. The median (bootstrap 95% CI) is used to describe the data. Results: 9/36 (25%) pts in cohorts D1-3 showed clinical efficacy (partial response or better); all were D-naïve. We studied CD8+ T-cell activation and proliferation (%CD8+HLA-DR+Ki-67+), the pharmacodynamic marker for A (Herbst et al. Nature 2014), in PB. All D-naive pts showed on-treatment increase in %CD8+HLA-DR+Ki-67+ cells in the periphery (C1D15-C2D1) compared to baseline, which was not observed in D-refractory pts (Table 1). In BMA, the increase in %CD8+HLA-DR+Ki-67+ (C2D15-C4D1) was observed in D-naïve pts with clinical response to A-D (sensitive), but not in non-responders (resistant) or D-refractory pts (all resistant), suggesting that sensitive pts have an immune-supportive TME. Preliminary IHC staining also showed an increase in CD8+Ki-67+ T cells in two responders after treatment. Gene enrichment analysis (RNAseq data, n=20) showed upregulation of an innate immune response signature, which appeared to be driven by a ‘macrophage activation’ gene signature post-treatment, in the CD138+ fraction of responders. To understand the mechanisms regulating sensitivity to treatment, we studied the spatial localization of CD8+ T cells with respect to CD138+ tumor cells by IHC. A higher density of CD8+ T cells within tumor clusters was seen at baseline in sensitive versus resistant pts, but this was not observed outside of tumor clusters (Table 1). In addition, the number of osteoclasts in the tumor region was higher in resistant pts, suggesting that these cells may contribute to the inhibition of T-cell function as reported(An et al. Blood 2016). This hypothesis was further supported by higher osteoclast numbers in D-refractory pts at baseline (Table 2), for whom an on-treatment increase in %CD8+HLA-DR+Ki-67+ cells was not observed in PB or BMA. Interestingly, higher median fluorescence intensity of PD-1 on CD8+ T-effector cells and on CD8+ T-effector memory cells was observed at baseline in D-naïve relative to D-refractory pts, while the level of PD-L1 expression on tumor cells was similar. An increase in activated proliferating T cells (%CD8+HLA-DR+Ki-67+) observed after treatment in D-naïve responders suggests that high PD-1 expression in this subset is not a marker of CD8+ T-cell exhaustion, but of functional capability. Conclusions: Clinical efficacy of A-D therapy in R/R MM pts is associated with higher CD8+ cell density in tumor clusters and lower osteoclast numbers in the tumor region at baseline, and an on-treatment increase in activated CD8+ T-cell populations in the bone marrow. The lack of a D-monotherapy arm in this study makes it difficult to assess the individual contribution of A to T-cell activation. The data presented, albeit a small number of samples from a Phase Ib study, support the hypothesis that the TME, including CD8+ T cells, tumor cells, and cells of myeloid lineage such as osteoclasts, has significant impact on the immunologic and clinical efficacy of combination therapy. A better understanding of the complex interplay between myeloma cells and their immune environment should pave the way for designing better immunotherapies with the potential for long-term disease control. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Raval: Roche: Employment, Equity Ownership. Cho: Agenus: Research Funding; Genentech: Honoraria, Research Funding; Takeda: Research Funding; BMS: Consultancy; The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation: Employment; Celgene: Honoraria, Research Funding; GSK: Consultancy. Green: Genentech Inc.: Employment. Wassner Fritsch: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment, Equity Ownership. Ma: Genentech: Employment. Chang: Roche Canada: Employment. Yan: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Mississauga, Canada: Employment. Kockx: HistoGeneX: Equity Ownership. Shen: Genentech, Inc.: Employment. Huw: Roche/ Genentech: Employment, Equity Ownership. Balestiere: Genentech: Employment. Lipkind: Roche/Genentech: Employment. Huang: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment. Byrtek: Genentech: Employment; Roche: Equity Ownership. Colburn: Genentech: Employment; Roche: Equity Ownership. Wong: Celgene Corporation: Research Funding; Genentech: Research Funding; Janssen: Research Funding; Fortis: Research Funding; Juno: Research Funding. Venstrom: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Employment. Adamkewicz: F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd: Equity Ownership; Genentech, Inc.: Employment. OffLabel Disclosure: Atezolizumab (atezo) is a programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody. In the United States, atezo is approved for treatment of pts with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy (chemo) and whose tumors express PDÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šâ'¬Ã'ÂL1, or are not eligible for any platinumÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šâ'¬Ã'Âcontaining chemo regardless of PDÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šâ'¬Ã'ÂL1 status, or have disease progression during or following any platinum-containing chemo, or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemo. Atezo is also approved: in combination with bevacizumab, paclitaxel and carboplatin for first-line treatment of pts with metastatic non-squamous non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and for pts with metastatic NSCLC who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemo; in combination with paclitaxel protein-bound for the treatment of adults with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer whose tumors express PD-L1; and in combination with carboplatin and etoposide, for the first-line treatment of adults with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer. Atezo is not approved for treatment of pts with multiple myeloma.
Efficacy and Safety of Azacitidine (AZA) in Combination with the Anti-PD-L1 Durvalumab (durva) for the Front-Line Treatment of Older Patients (pts) with Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) Who Are Unfit for Intensive Chemotherapy (IC) and Pts with Higher-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes (HR-MDS): Results from a Large, International, Randomized Phase 2 Study; [Formula presented] Background: Loss of immune surveillance, mediated through immune checkpoint (ICP) interactions, is thought to be a key step in the development of cancers including AML and HR-MDS. AZA is a standard therapy for pts with AML who are unfit for IC and for pts with HR-MDS. AZA can promote immune recognition of tumor cells and potentially increase expression of ICP molecules, which can mediate resistance to AZA. As myeloid cell lines and samples from pts treated with hypomethylating agents demonstrated up-regulation of PD-L1 expression, blockade of the PD-L1 ICP with durva in combination with AZA may enhance antitumor activity and improve clinical outcomes. Here, we report the final results from a large phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy and safety of AZA+durva vs. AZA alone in pts with HR-MDS or AML (NCT02775903). Methods: This randomized, open-label, international, multicenter study enrolled untreated pts in 2 cohorts: 1) MDS (aged ≥18 years; IPSS-R intermediate, high, and very high) and 2) older AML pts (aged ≥65 years) who were ineligible for IC. All pts had ECOG performance status 0-2 and were separately randomized (1:1) to receive SC AZA 75 mg/m2 Days 1-7 and durva 1500 mg IV on Day 1 Q4W (Arm A) or AZA alone (Arm B) and stratified according to cytogenetic risk (MDS, very good/good/intermediate vs. poor/very poor; AML, intermediate vs. poor). Treatment was planned to continue until progression or unacceptable toxicity. Disease status was evaluated every third treatment cycle. Primary MDS endpoints included overall response rate (ORR, defined as complete remission [CR], marrow [m]CR, partial response [PR], or hematologic improvement [HI]) based on IWG 2006 response criteria, while for AML ORR was defined as CR or CR with incomplete blood recovery (CRi) based on modified IWG 2003 response criteria. Secondary endpoints included PFS, OS, and safety. Peripheral blood samples were collected to assess changes in DNA methylation using the EPIC methylation array (Illumina). Bone marrow (BM) aspirates were obtained for quantitation of PD-L1 surface expression by flow cytometry and values are reported as molecules of equivalent soluble fluorochrome. Results: A total of 213 pts, 84 with MDS (each arm, n=42) and 129 with AML (Arm A, n=64; Arm B, n=65) were randomized. As of October 31, 2018, 32 pts (MDS, n=14; AML, n=18) continued to receive trial treatment while 181 (MDS, n=70; AML, n=111) had discontinued. Baseline demographics and disease characteristics were generally balanced across treatment groups in both cohorts. Median number of treatment cycles for AML Arm A vs. B, 6.5 vs. 6.7; for MDS Arm A vs. B, 7.9 vs. 7.0. No statistically significant differences in ORR between treatment arms were observed in either cohort (Tables 1 and 2). In MDS Arm A vs. B, median OS was 11.6 vs. 16.7 months (mo) and PFS was 8.7 vs. 8.6 mo. In the AML cohort, median OS was 13.0 vs. 14.4 mo and PFS was 8.1 vs. 7.2 mo. Caution should be used when interpreting results because >50% of patients were censored. The most frequent TEAEs (≥15%) were hematologic and GI toxicity. In the MDS and AML cohorts, 7 and 17, respectively, immune-mediated AEs were observed; all were treated and resolved. AZA induced similar trends in global hypomethylation, along with focal hypomethylation of PD-L1 and PD-L2 gene loci, at the end of treatment cycle 1 in all treatment groups and cohorts. Mean PD-L1 surface expression in BM immune cells at baseline was highest in monocytes (MDS=1,425; AML=1,536), followed by granulocytes (MDS=550; AML=758) and myeloid blasts (MDS=532; AML=735). Increased surface expression of PD-L1, but not PD-L2, was observed at the end of treatment cycle 3 on BM granulocytes and monocytes from MDS pts and on BM monocytes from AML pts, but no increase was detected on myeloid blasts. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first large randomized trial of AZA with or without ICP blockade in older unfit AML and HR-MDS pts reported to date. No clinically meaningful difference in efficacy was observed between treatments for either cohort. No new safety signals or potential overlapping risks were identified with the combination. While the hypomethylating activity of AZA on PD-L1 gene was confirmed, no treatment-mediated induction of PD-L1 surface expression was observed on myeloid blasts. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Zeidan: Acceleron Pharma: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Celgene Corporation: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Abbvie: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Otsuka: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Pfizer: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Medimmune/AstraZeneca: Research Funding; Boehringer-Ingelheim: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Trovagene: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Incyte: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; Takeda: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; ADC Therapeutics: Research Funding; Jazz: Honoraria; Ariad: Honoraria; Agios: Honoraria; Novartis: Honoraria; Astellas: Honoraria; Daiichi Sankyo: Honoraria; Cardinal Health: Honoraria; Seattle Genetics: Honoraria; BeyondSpring: Honoraria. Voso: Novartis: Speakers Bureau; Celgene: Research Funding, Speakers Bureau. Taussig: Celgene: Research Funding. Boss: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. Copeland: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. Gray: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. Previtali: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. O'Connor: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. Rose: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. Beach: Celgene Corporation: Employment, Equity Ownership. OffLabel Disclosure: Durvalumab is a PD-L1 blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of patients with 1) locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, or 2) unresectable, stage 3 NSCLC whose disease has not progressed following concurrent platinum-based chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
Dynamic changes in PD-L1 expression and CD8+ T cell infiltration in non-small cell lung cancer following chemoradiation therapy; Objectives: The treatment for stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is quite variable because stage III NSCLC is a heterogenous disease. Programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) and CD8+ tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) are thought to be related to treatment outcome in many tumors. To improve treatment outcome in stage III NSCLC, it is necessary to obtain data on PD-L1 expression and CD8+ TIL counts following CCRT and their relationship to treatment outcome. Materials and methods: We retrospectively enrolled 43 patients with stage III NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant CCRT followed by surgery at Yonsei Cancer Center Severance Hospital in Korea between June 2008 and October 2010. PD-L1 level and CD8+ TIL numbers in tumors following CCRT were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, and their association with patient survival was evaluated with Kaplan-Meier method. Results: More than half patients (52%) showed up- or downregulation of PD-L1 expression, and most patients (81%) showed change in CD8+ TIL counts by CCRT. Patients with PD-L1 expression following CCRT tended to have shorter recurrence free survival (RFS) (P = 0.182) or overall survival (OS) (P = 0.215) compared to the ones without PD-L1 expression. In the survival analysis with pre-CCRT specimens, neither RFS nor OS showed statistically significant differences. Patients with increased CD8+ TIL counts following CCRT regardless of pathological response strongly showed longer OS (median: not reached vs. 14.2 months for others; P = 0.017). Conclusions: CCRT dynamically alters PD-L1 expression and CD8+ TIL numbers in stage III NSCLC. Our data provide a rationale for combining CCRT and immunotherapy for the treatment of potentially resectable NSCLC.
P2.18-10 Importance of the Multidisciplinary Tumor Board in the Treatment Strategy of Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC); Background: Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) represents a heterogeneous population with different treatment strategies, often in combination. The PACIFIC trial is changing practices. It is therefore necessary to evaluate our current practices in order to identify the patients that should most likely receive this treatment after chemoradiotherapy Method: A database constructed from our weekly multidisciplinary thoracic oncology meetings was retrospectively screened from 01/2010 to 01/2017. Consecutive patients with stages III NSCLC were included. We aimed to describe proposed treatment strategies and those really performed Result: Of the 411 patients studied, 249 had a stage IIIA NSCLC and 162 a stage IIIB NSCLC. Median age was 65 years [IQR 25%-75%, 58-72], 309 (75%) patients were male. The majority of the patients (n=270, 69%, 20 missing data) had an ECOG-Performance status of 0 or 1. Regarding histology, 199 (48%) patients had an adenocarcinoma and 199 (48%) a squamous cell carcinoma. Treatment strategies are described in Table 1. Sixty-nine (17%) patients received exclusive chemoradiotherapy, and 60 (15%) were planned for neoadjuvant chemotherapy for subsequent surgery. Among these 60 patients, after the first cycles of the initial chemotherapy, only 37 (62%) received surgery in accordance with the multidisciplinary meeting decision; 6 (10%) received concurrent chemoradiotherapy and 6 (10%) sequential chemoradiotherapy. [Figure presented] Conclusion: In our cohort, 8% (32/411) of the stage III patients benefited from a chemoradiotherapy upfront. According to the PACIFIC study, these patients could receive adjuvant immunotherapy. We could ask if the patients planned for surgery after neoadjuvant chemotherapy should not be initially proposed for a concurrent chemoradiotherapy to give them the opportunity to receive adjuvant immunotherapy. Survival analyses according to treatment strategy are ongoing Keywords: locally advanced NSCLC, concomitant treatments, multidisciplinary team
EP1.01-79 Chemoradiotherapy in Advanced Non Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Advanced NSCLC is a frequent cancer among our patients. Delay in diagnosis and treatment leads to advanced stages that require complex treatment modalities and poor prognosis. We report our experience in term of epidemiological, diagnostic, therapeutic and prognostic aspects of this disease in our department. Method: This is a retrospective study of 38 cases of advanced NSCLC treated with concurrent chemoradiotherapy, collected in the radiotherapy department in the University Hospital Hassan II in Fez, between January 2012 and January 2017. All cancers were prooved histologically by biopsy. The standard treatment was concurrent chemoradiotherapy alone or after induction chemotherapy mostly due to a large tumor volume where radiotherapy is not feasible upfront. Chemotherapy drugs were mainly cisplatin-based with vinorelbine or paclitaxel and in some cases carboplatin if renal function is not correct. Radiotherapy was delivered through 3D conformal technique after CT-simulation and image fusion with CT or in rare cases PET-CT. After completion of treatment, no patient received adjuvant chemotherapy. Immune therapy was not affordable due to the high price. Follow-up was done clinically and with control CTscan. Tobacco control counseling was recommended to all our patients. Result: The average age was 59 years (38 to 81 years). The patients were all males and chronic smokers. Significant clinical symptoms were mainly chest pain, dyspnea and hemoptysis. There were 21 cases of adenocarcinoma, 17 cases of squamous cell carcinoma. 18 cases were classified as stage IIIA, 20 cases as stage IIIB. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy was received in 23 cases from 2 to 4 cycles. All patients received radiotherapy with doses to PTV between 60-70Gy with concomitant chemotherapy including cisplatin or carboplatin. After an average follow-up of 12 months, the evolution was marked by the occurrence of 2 deaths, distant metastasis in 14 patients (6 cases of cerebral metastasis and 8 cases of bone metastasis), 2 cases of progressive disease, 14 patients in complete clinical remission and are always followed, and 6 patients were lost to follow-up, Conclusion: It is now proven that the survival of patients with locally advanced lung cancer is better if chemotherapy is combined with radiotherapy. The survival gain obtained is essentially related to better control of micro-metastases even though the local control remains very poor. Some irradiation techniques seem to be able to improve this local control: conformal radiotherapy with intensity modulation, hypofractionation. Immue therapy concomitant to radiation might be the future but still needs randomized clinical trials to approve it. Keywords: Advanced NSCLC - Chemotherapy - Radiotherapy
EP1.04-09 A Cross-Sectional Study of Clinical Trials on Radiotherapy Combined with Immunotherapy for Lung Cancer; Background: For patients with lung cancer, remarkable advances have been made in Immune-Oncology (IO) therapy, especially immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). However, multi-modality treatment is needed to improve the efficacy or enlarge the beneficial populations of IO treatment. This study is to comprehensively summarize and analyze the clinical trials focusing on radiotherapy (RT) combined with IO therapy, explore the trend of research, as well as provide a view of the latest landscape of combination strategies. Method: Trials registered on the electronic database (https://clinicaltrials.gov) between Jan 2009 and Jan 2019 were searched using “Radiotherapy AND Immunotherapy | Recruiting, Not yet recruiting, Active, not recruiting, Completed, Enrolling by invitation Studies | Interventional Studies | Lung Cancer”. SPSS 20.0 was used to analyze the data. Result: Totally 69 clinical trials of RT and IO combination therapy for lung cancer were recorded, including 54 active and 15 completed. Geographically, most of the trials were carried out in the USA (n=47, 68.1%), followed by the European countries (n=18, 26.1%). From timeline, the past 2 years has seen a soaring number of 40 clinical trials accounting for 58.0% of the total. The combination therapy trials were more often in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (n=52, 75.4%) than small cell lung cancer (SCLC) (n=10, 14.5%), with the remaining 7 trials unspecified. As for combination strategies, trials of tumor vaccine combined with RT were the most frequent before 2016. But at present, ICI has exceeded tumor vaccine in the combination with RT and makes up the absolute most (n=62, 89.9%). On the whole, most of the combination therapy trials are in phase I/II (n=64, 92.8%). Although most trials are set for advanced or metastatic cancers (n=43, 62.3%), there are a few exploring the safety and effectiveness of combination therapy for early stage cancers or as adjuvant therapy (n=9, 13.0%). One trial was set as neo-adjuvant therapy. As for RT details, 22 trials were SBRT combined with IO therapy. Two trials were exploring the optimal sequence of RT and IO therapy. And one trial is to compare high versus low dose RT in the combination with ICI in NSCLC. Conclusion: From the trials of RT and IO combination therapy for lung cancer, those of ICI combined with RT are increasing rapidly, although most are in phase I/II. Further studies are needed to explore the more detailed rational combination strategies, such as the sequencing, fractionation and dose of RT, and the optimal IO agent. Keywords: Lung cancer, radiotherapy, Immunotherapy
MS04.02 Neo-Adjuvant PD-(L)1 Checkpoint Inhibitors; Neoadjuvant chemotherapy never made to become standard of care for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and until today it is being used in special circumstances. However neoadjuvant immunotherapy as single agent or in combination with chemotherapy has become a very promissory intervention. In 2018 we had the publication from Forde et al in the NEJM showing that using nivolumab as neoadjuvant approach did not delay surgery in any of the treated patients (pts) and there were no unexpected safety signals were seen. Very interesting 45% of resected tumors demonstrated a major pathologic response (MPR) that correlated with mutational burden. MPR was defined as less than 10% viable tumor in the resected specimen [1]. Following these results there were also several presentations at ASCO 2018: The LCMC study Rusch et al [2] (treats pts with atezolizumab for 2 cycles follow by surgery then standard of care chemotherapy follow by immunotherapy for 1 year) showed 4/19 (21%) pts had MPR after 2 doses of atezolizumab. Shu et al (Abstract 8532) showed that 4 cycles carboplatin/nab-paclitaxel/atezolizumab had 7/14 (50%) pts with MPR and 3/14 (21%) had pCR. [3] Later at the 2018 World lung Cancer Conference in Toronto in September, we have had the Spanish Lung Cancer Group presenting the study NADIM by Provencio-Pulla that was briefly presented before at ASCO 2018 [4,5]. They had a phase II open label study for patients with stage IIIA NSCLC that received carboplatin/paclitaxel/nivolumab for 3 cycles follow by surgery and adjuvant immunotherapy for 1 year. The CR was 10%, PR 60% and SD 30% for a DCR of 100%. MPR was 80% and complete response 75%. The toxicity profile was tolerable and not unexpected. During the same meeting Rusch [6] did an updated of the LCMC study this time with 45 pts: the ORR was 10% and the DCR 100%. 22% of the pts had MPR. There was no observable correlation between pathologic and radiographic responses. Neoadjuvant atezolizumab did not cause major delays to surgery or interfere with surgical resection, and there were no unexpected safety findings. There was also a poster presentation of the CheckMate 816 [7]: Phase 3 Neoadjuvant Trial of Chemotherapy with and without nivolumab for stage I-IIIA NSCLC presented by Enriqueta Felip with 21 pts in the nivolumab arm that have 10% CR and 45% MPR. Following this success from 2018 at this year in ASCO 2019 there will be 2 important presentations Neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): the NEOSTAR study for pts with stage I-IIIA [8] and another updated of the LCMC study that is expected to showed data with larger number of pts [9]. There are also several studies with targeted agents for NSCLC that will be presented at 2019 World Lung Cancer Conference where we will have the opportunity to review the updates of some of the studies mentioned before and new ones. References: 1) Forde PM1, Chaft JE1, Smith KN1, et al. 1. Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade in Resectable Lung Cancer.N Engl J Med. 2018 May 24; 378(21):1976-1986. Epub 2018 Apr 16. 2) Rusch, Valerie et al. Neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Initial results from a multicenter study (LCMC3) J Clin Oncol 36, 2018 (suppl; abstr 8541) 3) Catherine A. Shu, Claud Grigg, Codruta Chiuzan, Neoadjuvant atezolizumab + chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). J Clin Oncol 36, 2018 (suppl; abstr 8532) 4) Provencio-pulla et al. Neoadjuvant chemo/immunotherapy for the treatment of stages IIIA resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A phase II multicenter exploratory study—NADIM study-SLCG. J Clin Oncol 36, 2018 (suppl; abstr 8521) 5) M. Provencio, E. Nadal, A. Insa, R. et al. OA01.05 Phase II Study of Neo-adjuvant hemo/Immunotherapy for Resectable Stages IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer- Nadim Study-SLCG Journal of Thoracic Oncology, Vol. 13, Issue 10, S320 6) V. Rusch, J. Chaft, B. Johnson, et al. MA04.09 Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Updated Results from a Multicenter Study (LCMC3) Journal of Thoracic Oncology, Vol. 13, Issue 10, S369 7) E. Felip, J. Brahmer, S. Broderick, et al. P2.16-03 CheckMate 816: A Phase 3 Trial of Neoadjuvant Nivolumab Plus Ipilimumab or Chemotherapy vs Chemotherapy in Early-Stage NSCLC 8) Tina Cascone et al., Neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Clinical and correlative results from the NEOSTAR study.J Clin Oncol 37, 2019 (suppl; abstr 8504)8) 9) Rusch V et al. Neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Interim analysis and biomarker data from a multicenter study (LCMC3). J Clin Oncol 37, 2019 (suppl; abstr 8503) Keywords: neoadjuvant, Immunotherapy, Lung cancer
MS04.03 Adjuvant PD-(L)1 Checkpoint Inhibitors; Advances in adjuvant therapy for early stage, resectable, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have been slow for many years. Four cycles of post-operative platinum-based chemotherapy remains the standard of care in most of the world, yet this confers a survival benefit of only ∼5% at 5 years.1 Early efforts to stimulate adaptive immunity to prevent tumor recurrence via several immunologic interventions including antigen specific cancer vaccines, Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG), adoptive cell transfer and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes failed to show a benefit in overall survival in a meta analysis of the early trials2,3 In 2018 though positive results from the PACIFIC trial ushered in a new era of immunotherapy with PD-L1 checkpoint blockade in non-operable, stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and established consolidation durvalumab following chemoradiation as the new standard of care.4 These data provided further enthusiasm for ongoing trials of checkpoint inhibitors in early stage, surgically resectable disease. Promising preliminary data has been presented from ongoing neoadjuvant PD-(L)1 checkpoint inhibitor trials, many of which contain an adjuvant component. The most exciting results to date have come from the NADIM trial of neoadjuvant carboplatin/paclitaxel/nivolumab followed by adjuvant nivolumab for one year after surgical resection. Analysis of the first 41 patients following surgical resection showed 35 (86%) of patients with a major pathologic response (MPR) (defined as <10% viable tumor cells present) and of those, 25 (71%) had a complete pathologic response (CR).5 The NEOSTAR study of induction nivolumab or nivolumab/ipilumumab and the LCMC trial with neoadjuvant followed by adjuvant atezolizumab in resectable NSCLC patients were both updated at ASCO 2019 with reported MPR in 17%, 33%, and 19% (with 5% CR) of the nivolumab and nivolumab/ipilumumab and atezolizumab intent to treat populations, respectively.6,7 However, immune toxicity was reported in all of these trials and there were some patients who were not able to complete definitive surgery. We also do not know how MPR with immune therapy correlates with disease free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). Thus there is still a lot of enthusiasm for the post-operative (adjuvant) use of checkpoint inhibitors. There are multiple adjuvant immunotherapy trials currently underway although there are no results reported to date. A branch of the US coopertive network (NCTN) ALCHEMIST trial, ANVIL, is currently enrolling patients with stage IB (>4cm)-IIIA NSCLC who test negative for EGFR and ALK mutations. After completion of surgical resection and standard of care adjuvant therapy (chemotherapy or radiation therapy if indicated), patients are randomized to up to a year of adjuvant nivolumab or observation. These patients are further stratified by stage, histology, adjuvant treatment received and PD-L1 status (≥1% or <1%). Co-primary endpoints are disease free and overall survival.8 IMpower 010 is a randomized, phase III trial of adjuvant atezolizumab vs supportive care in stage IB (>4cm) - IIIA NSCLC patients following surgical resection and cisplatin-based adjuvant chemotherapy with enrollment of 1280 patients. This study does not allow for radiation therapy and mandates that the adjuvant chemotherapy contain cisplatin plus vinorelbine, gemcitabine, docetaxel or pemetrexed. Following completion of 4 cycles of adjuvant chemotherapy, patients are randomized 1:1 to a year of atezolizumab or observation. Primary outcome is disease free survival.9 In KEYNOTE-091 patients with IB/II-IIIA surgically resected NSCLC who have completed standard of care adjuvant therapy will be randomized to one year of pembrolizumab vs supportive care. The target enrollment is 1080 patients. Primary endpoint is disease free survival. Finally, adjuvant durvalumab is being examined in a randomized, phase III prospective, triple-blind, placebo controlled trial of patients with stage IB (>4cm)-IIIA resected NSCLC being lead by the Canadian Cancer Trials Group. Standard adjuvant chemotherapy is permitted, but post-operative radiation is only allowed for N2 disease. Primary endpoint is disease free survival in PD-L1 positive patients and in all randomized patients. The study stratifies across PD-L1 subgroups (≤1%, 1-49% and ≥50%). Target enrollment is 1360 patients.10 Checkpoint inhibitor therapy has been established as the new standard of care in unresectable and metastatic NSCLC. Many trials are underway with adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy for early stage lung cancer and preliminary data from the neoadjuvant trials are promising. In a setting where patients have only modestly benefited from chemotherapy, we eagerly await the results of the ongoing adjuvant immunotherapy studies with the hopes of improving outcomes for surgically resectable NSCLC. References 1. Pignon JP, et al. Lung adjuvant cisplatin evaluation: a pooled analysis by the LACE Collaborative Group. J Clin Oncol. 2008;26(21):3552-3559. 2. Somasundaram A, Burns TF. Pembrolizumab in the treatment of metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer: patient selection and perspectives. Lung Cancer (Auckl). 2017;8:1-11. 3. Zhu J, et al. Immunotherapy (excluding checkpoint inhibitors) for stage I to III non-small cell lung cancer treated with surgery or radiotherapy with curative intent. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2017;12:CD011300. 4. Antonia SJ, et al. Overall Survival with Durvalumab after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III NSCLC. N Engl J Med. 2018. 5. Provencio-Pulla M,, et al. Neoadjuvant chemo/immunotherapy for the treatment of stages IIIA resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A phase II multicenter exploratory study—NADIM study-SLCG. Journal of Clinical Oncology. 2018;36(15_suppl):8521-8521. 6. Cascone T, et al. Neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Clinical and correlative results from the NEOSTAR study. ASCO 2019. 7. Kwiatkowski DJ, et al. Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Interim Analysis and Biomarker Data From a Multicenter Study (LCMC3). ASCO 2019 8. Chaft JE, et al. EA5142 adjuvant nivolumab in resected lung cancers (ANVIL). Journal of Clinical Oncology. 2018. 9. Wakelee HA, et al. A phase III trial to compare atezolizumab (atezo) vs best supportive care (BSC) following adjuvant chemotherapy in patients (pts) with completely resected NSCLC: IMpower010. Journal of Clinical Oncology. 2017;35(15_suppl):TPS8576-TPS8576 10. O'Brien MER, et al. EORTC-ETOP randomized, phase 3 trial with anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody pembrolizumab versus placebo for patients with early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after resection and standard adjuvant chemotherapy: PEARLS (NCT02504372). Journal of Clinical Oncology. 2016;34(15_suppl):TPS8571-TPS8571. Keywords: Adjuvant, Early Stage Lung Cancer, Checkpoint inhibitor
EP1.04-15 NSCLC Response Determinants to Chemoimmunotherapy: Deep Profiling of Tumors Following Neoadjuvant Cemiplimab and Chemotherapy; Background: Clinical trials have demonstrated synergistic effects of combination chemoimmunotherapy in patients with locally advanced and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), however, our understanding is limited as to why and for whom PD-1 blockade with or without chemotherapy is effective, as is our understanding of the mechanism of synergy between these therapies. While most patients with resectable NSCLC receive neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy, this intervention only changes the natural course of disease for ∼5% of patients. Early studies have demonstrated major pathologic responses to neoadjuvant immunotherapy ± chemotherapy. Method: To investigate the immunodynamic effect of PD-1 blockade and chemotherapy, and identify potentially more effective immune modifying targets or combinations, we will use novel immunophenotyping platforms to characterize the effect of this combination on the tumor. This trial will enroll 52 patients with Stage Ib-IIIa NSCLC into three cohorts receiving 2 cycles of 1) platinum-doublet chemotherapy, 2) the PD-1 antibody cemiplimab, or 3) combination chemoimmunotherapy. Following surgery, patients will receive additional adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy; in total all patients will receive 4 cycles of standard platinum-doublet chemotherapy and 8 cycles of cemiplimab. All patients will undergo pre-treatment biopsies of their tumor, and blood will be collected at 6 time-points before and after surgery. The primary endpoint for this clinical trial is major pathologic response, defined as ≤10% viable tumor within resection. Secondary endpoints include: delay of surgery, disease-free survival, overall response rate, overall survival, measurement of adverse events, and change in CD8 T-cell infiltration. Exploratory endpoints include in-depth analysis of the pre-treatment tumor biopsies and post-treatment surgical specimens, and paired blood. We will characterize proteomic and transcriptomic changes in the stromal and immune compartment of tumors at the histologic level using a multiplexed ion-beam imaging (MIBI)—a novel multiplex immunohistochemistry platform capable of analyzing >50 markers on a single section of tissue—and at the single-cell level using Cellular Indexing of Transcriptomes and Epitopes by Sequencing (CITEseq), a novel platform combining the proteomic data-potential of mass cytometry (CyTOF) and the transcriptomic data-potential of single cell RNA sequencing including TCR sequencing. Feasibility of this multi-pronged approach has been demonstrated on untreated NSCLC (unpublished data, submitted as abstract to WCLC by our group). To probe for biomarkers correlating with response or resistance to therapy, we will perform unbiased analysis of peripheral blood lymphoid and myeloid populations by CyTOF, and measure nearly 100 soluble factors in serum using Olink. Result: This trial opened to accrual April 2019. Conclusion: Section not applicable. Keywords: neoadjuvant, chemoimmunotherapy, immunophenotype
P2.03-32 Metastatic Lymph Nodes as High Immunogenicity Media for Perioperative Immunotherapy in Locally Advanced NSCLC; Background: Perioperative chemotherapy showed limited survival benefit and increased toxicities while neoadjuvant immunotherapy achieved great success in early phase trials. Both inter/intra-tumoral heterogeneity (ITH) between primary lesion and metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs), and rationale of superior efficacy for immunotherapy remained poorly explored in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Method: We retrospectively collected 6 locally advanced lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) patients. 15 tissue samples were performed multi-region whole exosome sequencing and TCR repertoire analysis as well as 18 matched metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs). Result: 290 somatic mutations in average were identified in primary LUAD (PL) and 441.6 for mLNs. Tumor mutation burden as well as tumor neoantigen burden was significant higher in mLNs than in primary LUAD (median value, 6.6mut/Mb vs. 3.4mut/Mb, P=0.0376; 229.5 neo counts vs. 165 neo counts, P=0.0287). Increased transversion ratio was found in mLNs compared to primary lesions. The genomic concordance between primary lesions and mLNs was 58.4%±12.5% and 33.3% for EGFR-mutation. 87 copy number variants were detected in 14 samples with 3q, 8q and X chromosome as frequently mutated cytobands. Small cell lung cancer functional pathway was enriched in mLNs exclusively. Both expression of PD-L1 and CD8 revealed high level (median value 20% and 40%) and consistence (5/6, 83.3%) between primary and metastatsis lesions. TCR clonality was 17.2% and 9.1% for primary and metastasis lesions, respectively with higher T cell diversity and intra-tumoral heterogeneity of TCR found in mLNs. [Figure presented] Conclusion: Extensive genomic and TCR ITH was found between primary LUAD and mLNs which may lead to mixed response to perioperative treatment. mLNs may serve as a better immunogenicity media for perioperative immunotherapy suggesting a potential adjuvant modality of immunotherapy performing lymph nodes sampling during surgery. Results of an initiated single cell sequencing program including paired samples were pending to further provide insights of diverse immune-microenvironment. Keywords: locally advanced lung cancer, intra-tumoral heterogeneity, perioperative immunotherapy
ES16.03 Optimal Integration of Radiotherapy, TKIs and I/O; Approximately one third of patients affected by non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) present with ‘locally advanced’ disease at diagnosis. Most patients are considered inoperable due to disease extension, and chemo-radiotherapy (CT-RT) still represents the standard therapeutic option, with unsatisfactory results in terms of overall survival (OS) despite advances in staging and technological evolution in radiation therapy planning and delivery. Besides radiation dose escalation, a logical step for improving survival in inoperable stage III patients was to evaluate the combination of concurrent/sequential RT-CT with targeted agents (tyrosine kinase inhibitors, TKI; mono-clonal antibody against EGFR; ALK/ROS1 inhibitors) and/or anti- angiogenic therapies, following the positive results obtained in stage IV disease (1, 2). Since the early 2000s, when first-generation TKIs were first approved for clinical use, several studies have been conducted in an attempt to demonstrate the efficacy of targeted therapies combined with radiotherapy (3, 4, Table 1). These studies were testing mainly the feasibility and the tolerability of this combination, with not statistical significant benefit in terms of outcomes (4, Table 1). Mature results of an international trial testing the contribution of TKIs with chemoradiotherapy in patients affected with stage III NSCLC harboring sensitive mutations are still waited. Immunotherapy, and in particular immune-checkpoint inhibitors targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 axis, gained wide popularity for NSCLC in light of the positive findings of several trials in metastatic disease (1, 5). Radiation therapy combined with immunotherapy represent a new therapeutic opportunity, given the role of RT in reversing immunosuppressive barriers within the tumor microenvironment (6). The growing enthusiasm for immune-oncology and its possible applications in radiation oncology led to a remarkable expansion of pre-clinical and clinical studies testing various combinations of immunotherapeutic agents and radiation. Stage III unresectable NSCLC is an interesting setting for the combined use of chemo-radiation and immunotherapy, also considering the multiple experimental evidences in favor of a synergistic effect between radiation and immune checkpoint inhibitors, with the potential of enhancing immuno-modulating effects and overcoming resistance. The PACIFIC trial (PD-L1 inhibitor Durvalumab vs placebo, unresectable stage III NSCLC who did not progress following concurrent platinum-based chemo-radiotherapy) showed a major improvement in 2-year PFS and OS, which holds promise for an improved cure rate (7). Even the use of Pembrolizumab (anti-PD-1 agent) is under investigation in a series of trials. A number of studies (e.g. INSPIRE study) investigated the role of Tecemotide (anti-tumor vaccine inducing a specific immune response against MUC-1, glycoprotein overexpressed in NSCLC) (8) in Stage III NSCLC. More evidence is awaited regarding the optimal timing when combining immunotherapy and CT-RT, considering the possibility to improve this synergism even further. Several ongoing trials are testing multiple schedules (5). A predominance of the consolidation/adjuvant/maintenance setting is evident, however many studies also integrated immunotherapy at the beginning of chemo-radiation. The latter schedule should be one of the most efficient ways to fully harness the synergistic effects of chemo-radiation and immunotherapy in terms of boosting the immune-stimulating effects, particularly when using anti-PD-L1 agents, given that enhanced expression of PD-L1 during RT may be one of the main causes of radioresistance. Some attention should also be paid to those trials introducing anti-PD-1 agents before chemo-radiation, as neo-adjuvant: this innovative approach could be promising, by integrating radio-chemotherapy in a tumor micro-environment already modified by immunomodulators, and with a subsequent consolidation phase. When using anti-PD-L1 agents in this setting, PD-L1 expression levels would probably be necessary to stratify patients as highlighted in the PACIFIC trial post-hoc analysis (9). References: Filippi AR, Di Muzio J, Badellino S, Mantovani C, Ricardi U. Locally-advanced non-small cell lung cancer: shall immunotherapy be a new chance? J Thorac Dis 2018;10(Suppl 13):S1461-S1467. Planchard D, Popat S, Kerr K, Novello S, Smit EF, Faivre-Finn C, et al. Metastatic non-small cell lung cancer: ESMO Clinical Practice Guidelines for diagnosis, treatment and follow-up. Ann Oncol. 2019 Jan 30. 3. Arcangeli S, Jereczek-Fossa BA, Alongi F, Aristei C, Becherini C, Belgioia L, Buglione M, et al. Combination of novel systemic agents and radiotherapy for solid tumors - Part II: An AIRO (Italian association of radiotherapy and clinical oncology) overview focused on treatment toxicity. Crit Rev Oncol Hematol. 2019;134:104-119. Kordbacheh T, Honeychurch J, Blackhall F, Faivre-Finn, Illidge. Radiotherapy and anti-PD-1/PD-L1 combinations in lung cancer: building better translational research platforms. Ann Oncol. 2018 Feb 1;29(2):301-310. Formenti SC, Demaria S. Systemic effects of local radiotherapy. Lancet Oncol. 2009 Jul;10(7):718-26. ). Antonia SJ, Villegas A, Daniel D, Vicente D, Murakami S, Hui R, et al. Overall Survival with Durvalumab after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III NSCLC. N Engl J Med 2018; 379:2342-2350. Wu YL, Park K, Soo RA, et al. INSPIRE: A phase III study of the BLP25 liposome vaccine (L-BLP25) in Asian patients with unresectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer. BMC Cancer 2011;11:430. Kim YH. Durvalumab after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. N Engl J Med. 2019 Mar 7;380(10):989-990. [Figure presented]
JCSE01.16 Metastatic Lymph Nodes as High Immunogenicity Media for Perioperative Immunotherapy in Locally Advanced NSCLC; Background: Perioperative chemotherapy showed limited survival benefit and increased toxicities while neoadjuvant immunotherapy achieved great success in early phase trials. Both inter/intra-tumoral heterogeneity (ITH) between primary lesion and metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs), and rationale of superior efficacy for immunotherapy remained poorly explored in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: We retrospectively collected 6 locally advanced lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) patients. 15 tissue samples were performed multi-region whole exosome sequencing and TCR repertoire analysis as well as 18 matched metastatic lymph nodes (mLNs). Results: 290 somatic mutations in average were identified in primary LUAD (PL) and 441.6 for mLNs. Tumor mutation burden as well as tumor neoantigen burden was significant higher in mLNs than in primary LUAD (median value, 6.6mut/Mb vs. 3.4mut/Mb, P=0.0376; 229.5 neo counts vs. 165 neo counts, P=0.0287). Increased transversion ratio was found in mLNs compared to primary lesions. The genomic concordance between primary lesions and mLNs was 58.4%±12.5% and 33.3% for EGFR-mutation. 87 copy number variants were detected in 14 samples with 3q, 8q and X chromosome as frequently mutated cytobands. Small cell lung cancer functional pathway was enriched in mLNs exclusively. Both expression of PD-L1 and CD8 revealed high level (median value 20% and 40%) and consistence (5/6, 83.3%) between primary and metastatsis lesions. TCR clonality was 17.2% and 9.1% for primary and metastasis lesions, respectively with higher T cell diversity and intra-tumoral heterogeneity of TCR found in mLNs. [Figure presented] Conclusion: Extensive genomic and TCR ITH was found between primary LUAD and mLNs which may lead to mixed response to perioperative treatment. mLNs may serve as a better immunogenicity media for perioperative immunotherapy suggesting a potential adjuvant modality of immunotherapy performing lymph nodes sampling during surgery. Results of an initiated single cell sequencing program including paired samples were pending to further provide insights of diverse immune-microenvironment. Keywords: locally advanced lung cancer, intra-tumoral heterogeneity, perioperative immunotherapy
MA11.10 Peripheral T Cell Repertoire Evolution in Resectable NSCLC Treated with Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade; Background: Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade has emerged as a promising treatment for resectable NSCLC. The neoadjuvant setting provides a unique opportunity to examine temporal-spatial dynamics of the T cell repertoire in the peripheral and tumoral compartments in response to PD-1 blockade. Method: T-cell receptor (TCR) repertoire dynamics and composition were assessed in matched tumor, normal lung, and longitudinal peripheral blood from 20 NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant nivolumab (NCT02259621) and were correlated with major pathologic response (MPR, ≤10% viable tumor in resected specimen) at the time of resection. Treatment-induced dynamics of activated T cell clonotypes were additionally evaluated using TCR sequencing (TCRseq) of flow-sorted PD-1+ T cell populations. To focus on the phenotype of on-treatment intratumoral T cell clones that were recruited from the periphery, combined single-cell RNAseq/TCRseq was performed on post-treatment tumors of 6 patients (3 MPR and 3 non-MPR). Result: MPR was associated with a more clonal intratumoral TCR repertoire and greater clonotypic sharing between pre-treatment blood and post-treatment tumor bed relative to non-MPR. Peripheral repertoire remodeling in response to anti-PD-1 treatment correlated with increased tumor infiltration. Specifically, in patients with MPR, the post-treatment tumor bed was enriched with T cell clones that were peripherally expanded between 2-4 weeks after PD-1 blockade. Clonotypic tracking of the peripherally expanded clones revealed persistence of those clones in the periphery 1+ years following surgical resection and cessation of PD-1 blockade. Single-cell RNAseq/TCRseq analyses revealed distinct phenotypes of peripherally expanded TIL for patients with MPR, with upregulated gene programs associated with cytotoxicity and cytoprotective effects against oxidative stress. Long-term peripherally-persistent TILs had significant upregulation of genes including GZMK, DUSP2, NKG7, 4-1BB and down-regulation of CTLA-4, CXCL13 and PDCD1 as compared to short-lived clones. Conclusion: Our findings support the notion that neoadjuvant checkpoint blockade expands anti-tumor T cell clones in the periphery that can accumulate in tumor bed, facilitate tumor regression, and promote clonotypic persistence in the periphery. Importantly, our data demonstrate the systemic effect of neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade and indicate that the periphery may be an underappreciated originating compartment of effective anti-tumor immunity. Keywords: T cell repertoire, Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade, Resectable NSCLC
P2.04-10 Biomarkers of Pathological Response on Neo-Adjuvant Chemo-Immunotherapy Treatment for Resectable Stage IIIA NSCLC Patients; Background: PD1/PDL1 treatments have become the main therapy in advanced stages of NSCLC due to its significant increase in overall survival (OS), but recently, combination with chemotherapy in locally advanced stages is showing promising results. Many studies have described peripheral blood immune cells parameters as biomarkers of response to immunotherapy. In our study, we described the effect of neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment in Complete Blood Count (CBC) and Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs) phenotype, as well as, the association of these parameters with the degree of pathological response. Method: Immune cell populations of 46 resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients treated with neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy from NADIM clinical trial were analysed. Samples were extracted before initiating the neo-adjuvant treatment with nivolumab plus carboplatin and at the third cycle before patients underwent surgery. We classified patients in 3 subgroups of pathological response assessed in the resection specimen: complete response (pCR), major response (<10% viable tumour) and incomplete response (>10% viable tumour, pIR). Wilcoxon and Mann-Whitney U statistic test were used to evaluate differences between pre and post treatment and between pathological responses groups respectively. Result: From 46 patients, 5 patients did not undergo surgery, so they were excluded from the analysis. Absolute numbers of Leucocytes, Eosinophil, Monocytes, Neutrophils, Haemoglobin and Platelets from hemograms were significantly reduced after neo-adjuvant treatment. However, no changes were observed for Lymphocytes, Basophils, LDH levels or the Lung Immune Prognostic Index (LIPI). Additionally, post-treatment Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte (NLR), Myeloid-to-Lymphoid lineage (M:L) and Platelets-to-Lymphocytes (PLR) ratios were decreased. Remarkably, from all the CBC absolute numbers and ratios, only PLR variation showed differences between pCR and pIR. On the other hand, percentages of PBMCs (T cells, B cells, NK cells and macrophages) did not vary after neo-adjuvant treatment, however activation of CD4 T cells and NK cells as well as PD-1 receptor expression on immune cells were downregulated after neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy. Interestingly, these variations correlate with pCR. Conclusion: In our study, PLR, PD-1 expression, CD4 T cells and NK cells activation are predictive biomarkers of response to treatment. Thus, a higher decrease on PLR post neo-adjuvant treatment is associated to pCR. Moreover, a decrease of PD-1 expression in CD4, CD8 and NK cells, as well as, a reduction of CD4 T cells and NK cells activation after neo-adjuvant treatment, are associated to pCR. Keywords: stage IIIA NSCLC, biomarkers, neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy
P1.13-13 High-Risk Clinical Stage I Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Based on High-Resolution Computed Tomography Findings; Background: Perioperative systemic therapy for stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has not been established. The purpose of this study was to identify the high-risk patients for recurrence in clinical stage I NSCLC who were potentially candidates for systemic therapy in addition to standard lobectomy. Method: After excluding patients who underwent sublobar resection, 397 patients with clinical stage I NSCLC who underwent lobectomy with systematic lymph node dissection between April 2007 and March 2016 were analyzed. Solid component size on high-resolution computed tomography (HRCT) was used as tumor size on the basis of the 8th edition of TNM classification. Relapse-free survival (RFS) was estimated using Kaplan-Meier method, and multivariable Cox proportional hazards model was used to identify independent prognostic factors for RFS. Result: Five-year RFS of all patients was 73.6%. Multivariable Cox analysis revealed that age (hazard ratio [HR], 1.04 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01– 1.06; P = 0.005), solid component size (mm) (HR, 1.06 (95% CI, 1.04–1.09; P <0.001), and pure solid type (HR, 1.79 (95% CI, 1.10–2.91; P = 0.02) were independent prognostic factors for RFS. When patients were divided into high-risk group for recurrence (solid component size of >2 cm or pure solid type) and low-risk group (solid component size of <2 cm and part solid type), there was a significant difference in RFS between high-risk group (n = 298; 5-y RFS, 65.0%) and low-risk group (n = 129; 5-y RFS, 91.0%; P <0.001). Lymphatic invasion (29.5% vs. 9.3%, P <0.001), vascular invasion (36.6% vs. 7.8%, P <0.001), pleural invasion (28.4% vs. 9.3%, P <0.001), and lymph node metastasis (17.9% vs. 1.6%, P <0.001) were more frequent in high-risk group than in low-risk group. Conclusion: In clinical stage I NSCLC, patients with solid component size of >2 cm or pure solid type on HRCT were high-risk group for recurrence. These patients may be potential candidates for systemic therapy such as neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Keywords: non-small cell lung cancer, recurrence, lobectomy
ES22.01 Immunotherapy in Resectable NSCLC; Immune checkpoint blockade with inhibitors of the PD-1/PD-L1 interaction have improved survival substantially for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Despite many clinical trials of different combination regimens, the benefit from perioperative platinum doublet chemotherapy in resectable lung cancer is modest with an approximate 5% improvement in 5 year survival over surgery alone. This session will review the background of systemic therapy for resectable lung cancer and data reported to date with single agent PD-1 blockade, PD-(L)1-based immunotherapy combinations, and chemotherapy combined with anti-PD-1. Ongoing phase 3 clinical trials of neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapy will be discussed and future directions both in novel science and clinical trials explored. Keywords: immunotherapy, resectable, lung cancer, early stage lung, surgery immunotherapy
ES22.02 A Milestone in Locally Advanced NSCLC; Stage III NSCLC encompasses locally advanced tumours with infiltration of locoregional nodes and central thoracic structures and accounts for about a third of newly diagnosed NSCLC[1]. It represents the most advanced stage of NSCLC in which treatment is delivered with curative intent, but eventually more than 60% of patients die from their disease. Stage III NSCLC patients must strictly be discussed in a multidisciplinary tumor board, whereat the definition of resectability suffers from a certain heterogeneity across centers. Resectability is usually defined by the degree of invasion of lymph nodes, most often excluding multilevel or bulky N2 and N3 disease as well as invasion of the oesophagus, aorta and myocardium. Controversy exists on the role of surgery in stage III NSCLC since two large randomized trials investigated either induction chemoradiation therapy followed by resection versus radiotherapy[2], or induction chemotherapy followed by resection versus radiotherapy[3]. Both studies failed to demonstrate a difference in survival[2-5], however these treatment strategies are evidence-based and can be pursued in restectable NSCLC[6]. In the surgical scenario, randomised trials and meta-analyses have consistently shown that either adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy added to surgery results, with a better survival than surgery alone[7,8]. Adding preoperative radiotherapy to chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA/N2 NSCLC did not improve the clinical outcome in a phase 3 randomised trial[9]. The role of adjuvant radiotherapy in stage IIIA/N2 after neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by surgery has been evaluated in a unique randomized trial with awaited results (Lung ART, NCT00410683). Early NSCLC stages offer a theoretical unique curative scenario for the development of immunotherapy strategies, with limited disease volumes, a relative immune system preservation as well as unique opportunities for the investigation and assessment of new biomarkers. Perspectives, rational, hopes and ongoing attempts to combine immunotherapy in the surgical setting or alternatively complementary to chemoradiation will be discussed, with a focus on locally advanced disease. References: 1. Detterbeck FC. The eighth edition TNM stage classification for lung cancer: What does it mean on main street? J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg 2018;155:356-9. 2. Albain KS, Swann RS, Rusch VW, et al. Radiotherapy plus chemotherapy with or without surgical resection for stage III non-small-cell lung cancer: a phase III randomised controlled trial. Lancet 2009;374:379-86. 3. van Meerbeeck JP, Kramer GW, Van Schil PE, et al. Randomized controlled trial of resection versus radiotherapy after induction chemotherapy in stage IIIA-N2 non-small-cell lung cancer. J Natl Cancer Inst 2007;99:442-50. 4. O'Rourke N, Roque IFM, Farre Bernado N, Macbeth F. Concurrent chemoradiotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer. Cochrane Database Syst Rev 2010:CD002140. 5. Auperin A, Le Pechoux C, Rolland E, et al. Meta-analysis of concomitant versus sequential radiochemotherapy in locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer. J Clin Oncol 2010;28:2181-90. 6. Postmus PE, Kerr KM, Oudkerk M, et al. Early and locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC): ESMO Clinical Practice Guidelines for diagnosis, treatment and follow-up. Ann Oncol 2017;28:iv1-iv21. 7. Group NM-aC. Preoperative chemotherapy for non-small-cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual participant data. Lancet 2014;383:1561-71. 8. Group NM-aC, Arriagada R, Auperin A, et al. Adjuvant chemotherapy, with or without postoperative radiotherapy, in operable non-small-cell lung cancer: two meta-analyses of individual patient data. Lancet 2010;375:1267-77. 9. Pless M, Stupp R, Ris HB, et al. Induction chemoradiation in stage IIIA/N2 non-small-cell lung cancer: a phase 3 randomised trial. Lancet 2015;386:1049-56. Keywords: Stage III NSCLC, chemoradiation, neo-adjuvant immunotherapy
ES02.03 Management of Other Non EGFR Oncogene Addicted Tumors; Stage III non-small cell lung cancer accounts for heterogeneous group of diseases, due to differences in tumor size, location number of nodes involved, and lymph node station involved. Stage III non-small cell lung cancer comprises 2 distinct stages, stage IIIA and IIIB disease that have different prognosis, and are usually treated differently. Approximately 15% of all patients with newly diagnosed non-small cell lung cancer present with stage III disease. Options for stage III non-small cell lung cancer include surgery, with lobectomy or pneumonectomy depending on the tumor stage, and lymph node involvement. Chemotherapy may be administered in the neoadjuvant, concurrent or adjuvant setting. Radiation therapy can be given in a concurrent, sequential approach, or may be administered in the postoperative fashion. Combination approaches are often used, and due to the significant need of multi-modality therapy, treatment decisions are usually made in a multidisciplinary setting. The optimal therapeutic approach for patients with stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer remains controversial. For subset of patients with T3 to T4 N0-1 disease, and superior sulcus location, surgery remains a viable and preferred option. However, the optimal treatment for patients with stage III A, with bulky lymph node involvement, or multi station lymph node involvement including N2 disease, remains an area of ongoing controversy. Tri-modality approaches using preoperative chemotherapy, or upfront chemoradiation therapy followed by surgery have been evaluated (1). For patients with surgically unresectable, or medically inoperable disease, concurrent chemoradiation therapy has been established as the standard of care for patients spanning the spectrum of stage IIIA and IIIB disease. Recently, the PACIFIC trial demonstrated an improvement in progression free survival and overall survival with the administration of durvalumab as consolidation therapy (regardless of PDL-1 status) for patients who had not progressed after 2 or more cycles of definitive concurrent platinum-based chemoradiation therapy (2, 3). This approach represents a new paradigm in the management of unresectable NSCLC, and has now been adopted as standard of care. Management of Stage III patients with non EGFR oncogene addicted tumors is an area of active research. ALK or ROS directed oral tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are not typically administered in the adjuvant setting outside of a clinical trial. There are several trials evaluating the use of targeted therapies. ALINA, is one such trial, that is a phase III study of alectinib versus chemotherapy as adjuvant therapy in patients with stage IB–IIIA anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive ALK positive NSCLC (4). Another study is comparing adjuvant alectinib versus adjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with ALK positive NSCLC, here the alectinib is administered for 2 years (NCT 03456076). The Adjuvant Lung Cancer Enrichment Marker Identification and Sequencing (ALCHEMIST) trial is actively enrolling patients with operable NSCLC and will perform genetic screening of their tumors. Patients with EGFR mutation or ALK gene rearrangement in their tumor will be randomized to placebo versus erlotinib or crizotinib, respectively (NCT02194738). We await the results of these trials prior to routine incorporation of molecularly directed therapy in the management of locally advanced disease. References: 1. Albain KS, Swann RS, Rusch VW, Turrisi AT, 3rd, Shepherd FA, Smith C, et al. Radiotherapy plus chemotherapy with or without surgical resection for stage III non-small-cell lung cancer: a phase III randomised controlled trial. Lancet. 2009;374(9687):379-86. Epub 2009/07/28. ). PubMed PMID: 19632716; PubMed Central PMCID: PMC4407808. 2. Antonia SJ, Villegas A, Daniel D, Vicente D, Murakami S, Hui R, et al. Durvalumab after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer. The New England journal of medicine. 2017;377(20):1919-29. 3. Antonia SJ, Villegas A, Daniel D, Vicente D, Murakami S, Hui R, et al. Overall Survival with Durvalumab after Chemoradiotherapy in Stage III NSCLC. 2018; 379:2342-2350 4. Solomon BJ, Ahn JS, Barlesi F et al. ALINA: A phase III study of alectinib versus chemotherapy as adjuvant therapy in patients with stage IB–IIIA anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive (ALK+) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). J Clin Oncol 37, 2019 (suppl; abstr TPS8569)
MS11.02 Role of Surgery in Oligometastatic NSCLC; The management of oligometastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is controversial. Sixty percent of patients with NSCLC present with metastatic disease; 45% of those with initially localized disease eventually develop metastatic disease. With 15% of these being oligometastatic disease, this is a significant problem. Over the last two decades, several advances have occurred which frame this question better. First, advances in imaging techniques including improved PET-CT and MRI have helped identify what is likely to be truly oligometastatic disease. Second, there have been advances in local therapy including minimally invasive and robotic approaches and perioperative management, as well as advanced radiation techniques including stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) which have made it safer. Finally, systemic therapy has undergone major changes with targeted therapy and immunotherapy making considerable progress. Most patients with metastatic NSCLC would be treated with systemic therapy with local treatment being offered only for symptomatic palliation. However, recognition of a “oligometastatic” state (where metastases are limited in number and location) has led to series of patients being treated with potentially curative intent using local treatment options, predominantly surgical. Randomized trials to evaluate the role of surgery in oligometastatic NSCLC have not been performed, compelling a reliance on several published case series and meta analysis of these studies. These series have included highly selected patients with oligometastases, typically 1-3 metastases, most commonly located in the brain, and long term outcomes have been highly variable. Overall median five year survival of a meta analysis of studies was 23.3 percent. Five year survivals in patients treated with surgery both for the primary and the metastases range from as low as <10% to as high as 80% — this wide range is more likely a reflection of selection criteria for patients undergoing surgery rather than true variations in care. Moreover, with the lack of a true comparator arm, these results should be interpreted with caution. Important favourable prognostic factors include definitive treatment of the primary tumour, negative mediastinal nodal status and a longer disease-free interval. Lack of well conducted prospective studies make conclusive recommendations on surgery for treatment of oligometastatic disease difficult. This is especially true now when better radiation techniques like SABR and improved outcomes with systemic treatment in selected patients with targeted and immunotherapy are available. Given the available evidence, it appears reasonable to consider surgical treatment in patients with oligometastatic disease fulfilling the following criteria: good performance status, accurately staged, with PET-CT and MRI brain showing no other sites of metastases, metachronous disease with relatively long disease free interval, negative mediastinal nodes on invasive staging, and controlled primary disease. With randomized trials being unlikely in this setting, further studies are required which prospectively collect real-world data systematically, enabling better selection criteria for patients for surgery in oligometastatic NSCLC. Keywords: NSCLC, Oligometastases, surgery
P2.04-89 Neoadjuvant Pembrolizumab in Early Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Toxicity, Efficacy, and Surgical Outcomes; Background: Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 masking antibody approved for advanced NSCLC in program death receptor ligand-1 high tumors, and in chemotherapy combinations. This trial studies the effect of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab on surgical tolerability (primary endpoint), tumor response, side effects, and immune biomarkers in blood and tumor. Method: Baseline PET/CT, brain imaging, histologic diagnosis NSCLC, and surgical consultation were required for eligibility. Patients with stage T >3 cm and N0, N1, or resectable N2 NSCLC received neoadjuvant pembrolizumab 200 mg every 21 days 2 cycles prior to pre-operative chest CT scan followed by standard surgery. Adjuvant chemotherapy was strongly encouraged but not required. After completion of standard chemotherapy, 4 cycles of adjuvant pembrolizumab 200 mg every 21 days was offered. Blood for immune profiling of circulating immune cells was collected at baseline, after cycle 2 pembrolizumab, after surgery, and after adjuvant pembrolizumab. Excess tumor was disaggregated for tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, regulatory immune cells, and tumor cells, and viably stored for later analysis. We report clinical outcomes of tumor response and surgical outcomes. Result: Study activated 31/1/2017, last enrollment 6/2/2019, and last surgery 19/3/2019. 35 patients signed consent and 30 received at least 1 dose pembrolizumab: 2 withdrew consent, 3 screen failed. Characteristics of 30 treated patients (%): male 16 (53), adenocarcinoma 10 (33), squamous 17 (57), other histology 3 (10), and stages 1B 8 (27), IIA 8 (27), IIB 6 (20), IIIA 8 (27). Planned surgery completed for 25/30 (83%). Reasons for not undergoing surgery: distant metastatic disease (1 brain metastases, 2 pleural metastases), 1 would not tolerate required pneumonectomy, 1 N3 nodal disease. Surgeries performed: video-assisted thoracic surgery (VATS) lobectomy 12, thoracotomy lobectomy 9, VATS pneumonectomy 2, thoracotomy pneumonectomy 1, and VATS bilobectomy and chest wall resection 1. All surgery was performed within range 38-77 days (median 48 days) after cycle 1 day 1 pembrolizumab. Data will be presented for toxicities neoadjuvant pembrolizumab, surgical outcomes, and neoadjuvant pembrolizumab RECIST responses, and pathologic responses. Some major pathologic responses (<10% viable tumor) and at least 2 pathologic CRs were observed. Conclusion: Two doses of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab was tolerable and produced major or complete pathologic responses in some tumors. Neoadjuvant pembrolizumab is tolerable and is an ideal platform to investigate mechanisms of immune resistance and sensitivity in early stage NSCLC. Keywords: Pembrolizumab, Early Stage Lung Cancer, neoadjuvant
P2.04-90 Nodal Immune Flare (NIF) Following Neoadjuvant Anti-PD-1 and Anti-CTLA-4 Therapy in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have induced durable responses in selected non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. However, ICIs have also shown to induce tumor pseudo-progression in some cases. We report the incidence and consequences of a distinct phenomenon – the apparent radiographic progression of lymph nodes without pathological evidence of tumor – that we define “nodal immune flare” (NIF), following neoadjuvant ICIs in the NEOSTAR phase 2 trial of nivolumab or nivolumab plus ipilimumab for operable NSCLCs. Method: NEOSTAR randomized 44 patients with stage I-IIIA (AJCC 7th edition) to nivolumab (3 mg/kg IV, days 1, 15, 29) or nivolumab/ipilimumab (1 mg/kg IV, day 1) with planned surgery between 3-6 weeks after last dose. Computed tomography (CT) and positron emission tomography (PET-CT) were obtained prior to ICIs and prior to resection. Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors v1.1 were used to evaluate responses. Result: 44 patients, median age 66 years (range 43-83), 28 (64%) males, 37 (84%) white were randomized to nivolumab (n=23) or nivolumab/ipilimumab (n=21). 26 (59%) had adenocarcinoma, 17 (39%) squamous cell, 1 (2%) adenosquamous carcinoma. 23 (52%) stage I, 12 (27%) stage II, 9 (20%) stage IIIA. 39 (89%) underwent complete resection, 2 off trial, and 5 (11%) were not resected. NIF occurred in 5/44 (11%) patients, 3 post nivolumab (3/23, 13%) and 2 (2/21, 10%) post nivolumab/ipilimumab. All patients had no evidence of malignancy in nodes of interest prior to ICIs. 2 (2/26, 8%) occurred in adenocarcinoma and 3 (3/17, 18%) in squamous cell. 2 (5%) required additional invasive restaging, 3 (7%) change in surgical plan, 1 (2%) declined surgery, 1 (2%) was thought to have disease progression and was treated with chemotherapy plus ICI prior to resection off study, and 1 (2%) underwent planned resection. Pathologic evaluation of the flared nodes revealed no evidence of cancer in all 5 patients, rather demonstrated noncaseating granulomata. In a previous neoadjuvant trial utilizing platinum-based chemotherapy with nintedanib, we did not observe NIF in 21 patients in absence of pathologic evidence of tumor progression (primary or nodal metastases). Conclusion: NIF occurred in 11% of patients following neoadjuvant ICIs and changed treatment plan in 9% of patients. This is the first preliminary report of NIF in operable NSCLCs treated with neoadjuvant single and combined ICIs. Considering the number of ongoing neoadjuvant immunotherapy trials, we highlight the importance of judicious and invasive restaging of sites of suspected progression after neoadjuvant ICIs prior to definitive treatment decisions. Keywords: nodal immune flare, Lung cancer, neoadjuvant immunotherapy
OA13.05 NADIM Study: Updated Clinical Research and Outcomes; Background: Patients with stage IIIA (N2 or T4N0) are potentially curable but median overall survival is only around 15 months Method: A Phase II, single-arm, open-label multicenter study of resectable stage IIIA N2-NSCLC in adult patients with CT plus IO as neoadjuvant treatment: 3 cycles of nivolumab (NV) 360 mg IV Q3W + paclitaxel 200 mg/m2 + carboplatin AUC 6 IV Q3W followed by adjuvant NV treatment for 1 year. After completing neoadjuvant therapy, all patients underwent tumor assessment prior to surgery. Surgery was performed during the 3rd or 4th week after day 21 of the 3rd neoadjuvant treatment cycle. The study aimed to recruit 46 patients. The primary endpoint was Progression-Free Survival (PFS) at 24 months. Efficacy was explored using objective pathologic response criteria. Here we present the final data on all study patients that underwent surgical assessment. Result: At the time of submission, the 46 patients had been included. None of the patients were withdrawn from the study preoperatively due to progression or toxicity. 41 patients had undergone surgery and all tumors were deemed resectable with R0 resection in all cases. Intention to treat analysis shows 35 patients (85%; 95% CI, 71; 94%) achieved major pathologic response (MPR) of which 25 (71%; 95% CI, 54; 85%) were complete pathologic responses (CPR). Downstaging was seen in 38 (93%; 95% CI, 80; 98%) of cases. The median follow-up was 13.8 months (P25; P75: 11.7; 16.6 months) for both the whole series and resected patients, and 12 month PFS was 95.7% (95% CI, 84; 99%). Conclusion: This is the first multicentric study to test CT-IO in the neoadjuvant setting in stage IIIA. Neoadjuvant CT-IO with nivolumab in resectable IIIA NSCLC yields a complete pathologic response rate that is higher than ever seen previously, together with a promising PFS which may translate into increased overall survival. EudraCT Number: 2016-003732-20. Clinical trial information: NCT 03081689. Keywords: resectable stage IIIA N2-NSCLC, Neoadjuvant CT-IO
P2.04-88 Surgical Outcomes of a Multicenter Phase II Trial of Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable Stages IB-IIIB NSCLC: Update on LCMC3 Clinical Trial; Background: The role of immune checkpoint inhibitors in resectable NSCLC remains undefined. We report the updated safety results of the first multicenter trial assessing neoadjuvant atezolizumab (a PD-L1 inhibitor) for resectable NSCLC. Method: Eligible patients with clinical stage IB-IIIB resectable NSCLC received 2 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab (1200 mg, days 1, 22) followed by surgical resection (day 40±10). Pre- and post-treatment PET/CT, pulmonary function tests (PFT), and bio-specimens were obtained. Adverse events (AE) were recorded according to CTCAEv.4.0. Preoperative treatment-related TRAE (preop-TRAE) and postoperative TRAE (postop-TRAE) defined as AE onset on, or after date of surgery, were analyzed. Result: Follow-up data to post-surgery visit were analyzed for 101 patients out of planned 180: mean age: 64.6 years; male: 47/101(46.5%); current smokers: 23/101(22.8%); non-squamous histology: 66/101(65.3%); and clinical stages IB(10.9%), IIA(15.8%), IIB(27.7%), IIIA(38.6%), and IIIB(6.9%). Two cycles of atezolizumab were not completed in 5/101(5.0%) patients due to grade 1 or 2 AEs. Surgery was not performed in 11/101(10.9%) patients: 5 demonstrated disease progression, and 6 for ‘other’ reasons. 6/101(5.9%) patients were deemed unresectable. Surgery was delayed (outside of 10-day window) in 10/90(11.1%) patients by an average of 11(1-39) days. Two of these delays were due to TRAEs (hypothyroidism and pneumonitis), 3 were patient-elected delays, 2 were surgeon-related, and 3 for ‘other’ reasons. Intraoperative vascular complications occurred in 2/90(2.2%) and extensive hilar fibrosis was noted in 20/90(22.2%) patients. Overall, there was insignificant mean change in the PFTs pre- vs. post-atezolizumab therapy. Only 3/101(3.0%) patients had treatment-related dyspnea, dyspnea on exertion, or pneumonitis. [Figure presented] Conclusion: Treatment with neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable stage IB-IIIB NSCLC was well tolerated, with minimal delay to surgery, and few treatment associated AEs. This trial continues to accrue and assess MPR, survival, and other long-term endpoints. Keywords: neoadjuvant, immuno-oncology, early stage lung cancer
ES02.04 Concurrent, Sequential and Combination Immunotherapy Regimens in LA-NSCLC; Immunotherapy in Oncogenic-Addicted Stage III Patients At diagnosis of non small cell lung cáncer (NSCLC), at least 40% of patients are diagnosed at an advanced stage and a third locally advanced disease (stage III). The results of stage IIIA with induction treatment of clinical practice outside the clinical trial show a median survival of 22 months and a 3-year survival rate of 34%. Concurrent definitive chemoradiation has been established as the standard of care for unresectable stage IIIB (N3 disease) NSCLC, with a median overall survival (OS) of approximately 17 months. Strategies that have been investigated include induction chemotherapy, immunotherapy (IO), concomitant chemoradiotherapy, intensified radiotherapy and adjuvant treatment. The role of IO in NSCLC with oncogenic-addicted tumors is so far unclear. In EGFR-mutation positive patients there seems to be a worse effect of IO compared to those patients without actionable mutations,; nevertheless, no safe conclusions can be drawn due to the lack of randomized trials addressing this clinical issue. The available information from second lines with IO in patients with actionable mutations, is currently found in 2 meta-analyses[1]. These meta-analyses show OS benefit between EGFR wild-type vs mutated patients with a Hazard Ratio (HR) of 0.67, p< 0.001, consistent in all the trials. There was no OS advantage for those with EGFR mutant tumors, with a HR of 1.11, p=0.54. Of note, data from other studies were not included in these meta-analyses. Study CA209-012 showed patients with EGFR mutation, overall response rate (ORR) 14% mutated vs 30% in wild type and PFS at 24 weeks: 14% vs 51% respectively[2]. In KEYNOTE-001, best ORR based on mutation status was 15.8% in patients with EFGR mutation vs 37.1% without mutation, and 60% were unknown. Overall PD-L1 subgroups, EGFR mutated patients had lower ORR than patients with EGFR-wild type tumors. ORR was 20 % in TPS >50% and 0% in patients with TPS<1% vs 12.7% in EGFR wild type[3]. An update of this study, and median OS in patients with EGFR mutation was 6 months (mo) (95%CI, 4.4-8.8) and 12 mo (95%CI, 9.2-14.3) in patients wild-type[4]. In the Immunotarget Cohort study, patients with EGFR-mutation had response rates of 12% and PFS of 2.1 mo and with a positive correlation in patients with high expression of PDL1 and response. The BIRCH[5] study, also not included in the meta-analyses, provides us with similar information, with higher response rates in patients with higher expression of PDL1 (31% vs 23%), even achieving similar PFS to wild type patients (7.6 vs 7.7 mo) or OS with 28.5 mo (20.1, NE) in mutant vs 20.1 mo (15.5, 31.1) in wild-type. The phase II ATLANTIC trial testing durvalumab as third-line treatment included the largest cohort of EGFR mutant patients treated with IO after progression of TKI and chemotherapy. According to PD-L1 expression (< 25% or ≥ 25%), durvalumab achieved a response rate (RR) of 3.6% and 14.1%, a similar median PFS 1.9 months and a median OS of 9.9 months and 13.3 months, respectively[6]. Despite improvements in the treatment of stage IV NSCLC with the introduction and dissemination of checkpoint inhibitors, very little progress has been made in the treatment of stage III. The PACIFIC trial was the first study to show a clear benefit for the approach. Patients were enrolled regardless of PD-L1 expression, and those with EGFR mutations were also eligible. The subgroup of patients with EGFR mutations did not clearly benefit from durvalumab maintenance. These patients were equally represented in the durvalumab (6%) and placebo (5.9%) arms. The HR was 0.76 in this setting, and whether because of a small sample size or true lack of efficacy, the findings were not significant (95% CI, 0.35–1.64). In NADIM Study, a Phase II, with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy in stage III, unprecedented pCR rates observed (around 70%) and with down-staging around 90%. We did not include patients with actionable mutations, and we do not have information about other trials using chemo and IO. In KN 189 using combination of chemo and IO in stage IV, no sensitizing EGFR or ALK alteration were included. In the ImPOWER 150 study[7] comparing the use of bevacizumab plus atezolizumab plus carboplatin, plus paclitaxel versus carboplatin plus paclitaxel plus bevacizumab in first-line stage IV, provides interesting results in PFS, with a HR of 0.41 (95% CI: 0.22-0.78), in patients with common mutations (already treated with TKIs) in the arm with atezolizumab plus chemo better than the control arm. In the light of these results, we may conclude that other biomarkers such as a tumor mutational burden (TMB) could be used in the future, but low TMB is especially significant among the oncogenic alterations strongly related with never-smokers, such as EGFR mutation and ALK rearrangements. Therefore, these data suggest a role for actionable mutations testing in the stage III setting and for additional trials specifically targeting EGFR-mutant patients and stage III disease. [1] Lee CK, Man J, Lord S et al. Clinical and molecular characteristics associated with survival among patients treated with checkpoint inhibitors for advanced non-small cell lung carcinoma.A systematic review and meta-analysis. JAMA Oncol 2017 [2] Gettinger S, Chow LQ, Borghaei H et al. Nivolumab monotherapy for first-line treatment of advanced non-samll cell lung cancer. JCO, DOI: 10.1200/JCO.2016.66.9929. [3] Hellman M et al. Efficacy of pembrolizumab in key subgroups of patients with advanced NSCLC. 16th World Conference on Lung Cancer, 2015. [4] Leighl NB, Hellamn MD, Hui R, et al. KEYNOTE-001: 3-year overall survival for patients with advanced NSCLC treated with pembrolizumab. ASCO 2017. [5] Carcereny E, Felip E, Reck M, et al. Updated efficacy results from the BIRCH study: First-line atezolizumab therapy in PD-L1 –selected patients with advanced NSCLC. World Conference on Lung Cancer 2017. [6] Garassino MC, Cho B-C, Kim J-H, Mazières J, Vansteenkiste J, Lena H, et al. Durvalumab as third-line or later treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (ATLANTIC): an open-label, single-arm, phase 2 study. Lancet Oncol 2018;19:521–36. [7] Socinski M, Jotte RM, Capuzzo F, et al. Atezolizumab for first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. NEJM. Keywords: Immunotherapy, Stage III, Oncogene-addicted
P2.04-28 NeoCOAST: Neoadjuvant Durvalumab Alone or with Novel Agents for Resectable, Early-Stage (I–IIIA) Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Resectable, early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a potentially curable disease.The current standard of care is surgery with or without adjuvant or neoadjuvant platinum-based doublet chemotherapy. However, over half of patients eventually relapse after surgery and die from NSCLC. Clinical studies have shown that neoadjuvant programmed cell death-1/programmed cell death ligand-1 (PD-1/PD-L1) checkpoint inhibitors may yield clinically meaningful pathological responses in patients with resectable NSCLC.1–3 The NeoCOAST trial is a multidrug platform study to assess the PD-L1 checkpoint inhibitor durvalumab alone or in combination with novel agents, with the goal of identifying new treatment strategies to improve clinical outcomes of patients with resectable, early-stage NSCLC. Method: NeoCOAST (NCT03794544) is a phase 2, open-label, randomized trial that will initially evaluate the clinical activity and safety of neoadjuvant durvalumab alone or in combination with the novel agents oleclumab (MEDI9447), monalizumab (IPH2201) and danvatirsen (AZD9150), in patients with resectable, stage I (>2 cm) to IIIA NSCLC. New treatment arms evaluating other durvalumab combinations may be added based on emerging preclinical and clinical data. The primary endpoint is major pathological response rate in the resected tumor specimen after treatment with neoadjuvant durvalumab alone or in combination with novel agents. Secondary objectives include feasibility of tumor resection surgery within 14 days of the end of the 4-week treatment period, safety, pathological complete response rate, pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity. Correlative translational analyses include tumor genomics, changes in the tumor microenvironment, and T cell populations. NeoCOAST is open for accrual with an estimated total target enrollment of up to 40 patients per treatment arm. References: 1Forde PM, et al. N Engl J Med. 2018;378:1976–86. 2Rusch V, et al. MA04.09. Presented at IASLC 19th World Conference on Lung Cancer, 23–26 September 2018, Toronto, Canada. 3Cascone T, et al. LBA49. Presented at European Society of Medical Oncology Congress, 19–23 October 2018, Munich, Germany 2018. Result: Section not applicable Conclusion: Section not applicable Keywords: early-stage NSCLC, neoadjuvant treatment, checkpoint inhibition
P1.18-02 The AEGEAN Phase 3 Trial of Neoadjuvant/Adjuvant Durvalumab in Patients with Resectable Stage II/III NSCLC; Background: For patients (pts) with early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (Stages I–IIIA) surgery is the primary treatment. Adjuvant and neo-adjuvant chemotherapy (CTx) are both accepted approaches for resectable NSCLC, and result in modest but clinically meaningful improvements in overall survival (OS) compared with surgery alone; nevertheless, recurrence rates remain high and improved therapies are needed. Checkpoint inhibitors that block programmed death 1 (PD-1)/PD ligand 1 (PD-L1) have shown benefit as monotherapy and in combination with CTx in NSCLC. Durvalumab (durva), a selective, high-affinity, human IgG1 monoclonal antibody that blocks PD-L1 binding to PD-1 and CD80, significantly improved progression-free survival and OS in pts with unresectable Stage III NSCLC who did not progress following chemoradiotherapy (Antonia et al, NEJM 2017; 2018). The AEGEAN study (NCT03800134) will assess the activity and long-term clinical outcomes of durva plus CTx prior to surgery, as well as further administration of durva post-surgery, in pts with resectable Stages II and III NSCLC. Method: The AEGEAN trial is a Phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center study. Approximately 300 pts with resectable Stage II and III NSCLC will be randomized 1:1 to receive either durva (1500 mg intravenously) or placebo every 3 weeks (wks) alongside platinum-based CTx (4 cycles) prior to surgery, followed by either durva or placebo alone every 4 wks for an additional 12 cycles post-surgery. Pts will be stratified by disease stage and PD-L1 expression levels (<1% vs ≥1%); the number of pts with EGFR/ALK mutations will be capped at 20%. Tumor size (according to RECIST v1.1 criteria) will be evaluated at completion of neo-adjuvant CTx prior to surgery, every 12 wks for the first year; every 24 wks for 2–4 years; then yearly thereafter. The primary endpoint is major pathological response (≤10% residual viable tumor in the resected primary lung tumor after neoadjuvant treatment) in the full analysis set (FAS). Secondary endpoints include safety assessments, a range of efficacy measures including complete pathological response (FAS and PD-L1-TC ≥1%) and OS, pt-reported outcomes, durva pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity. This trial is currently recruiting. Result: Section not applicable. Conclusion: Section not applicable. Keywords: Chemotherapy, durvalumab, NSCLC
OA13.07 Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable NSCLC Patients: Immunophenotyping Results from the Interim Analysis of the Multicenter Trial LCMC3; Background: The immune mechanisms dictating response and resistance to PD-(L)1 blockade are not well understood in early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Understanding these mechanisms will be key to improve outcomes and identify the next generation of predictive biomarkers of response to these therapies. Here, we present updated immunophenotyping at time of interim analysis of LCMC3, a multicenter trial of neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable NSCLC (NCT02927301). Method: Patients received 2 cycles of atezolizumab before resection. Tumor, LN biopsies and PB were obtained pre-atezolizumab and at surgery. Paired PB, screening and surgical LN were analyzed using IMMUNOME flow cytometry. Plasma-based cytokine arrays were performed on a subset of patients. Immunophenotypic analyses were correlated with treatment effect, major pathologic response (MPR, primary endpoint) and preoperative treatment-related adverse events (preop-TRAE). Result: We report on 55 patients with paired PB samples (analyzed within 72h after collection) and completed surgery. We observed preop-TRAE in 32/55 patients (18 grade 1, 13 grade 2, 1 grade 3). CD1c+ and CD141+ myeloid cells (MC) were lower at baseline in patients developing preop-TRAEs, while monocytic M-MDSCs were higher in those patients. Senescent T cells decreased in patients with preop-TRAE and increased in patients with non-preop-TRAE. After treatment, the absolute cell counts of late activated CD4+and CD8+T cells decreased in patients achieving MPR. LN IMMUNOME data, cytokine data and 12-month follow-up (DFS, OS) will be reported. [Figure presented] Conclusion: Preliminary immunophenotyping data from the interim analysis showed significantly lower baseline immunosuppressive cell subsets in patients with preop-TRAE and decreased late activated CD4+and CD8+T cells from PB in patients with MPR.These results, together with additional LN IMMUNOME and cytokine analyses, may improve our understanding of immunophenotypic features associated with outcome, and changes induced by neoadjuvant atezolizumab in early stage NSCLC patients. Keywords: NSCLC, neoadjuvant anti-PD-L1 treatment, immunophenotyping
Les traitements péri-opératoires des cancers bronchiques non à petites cellules (CNPC): standards actuels et perspectives; Surgery is the main treatment in stage IA-III NSCLC. Several phase 3 randomized adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials with platinum-based chemotherapy were performed in stage I, II and III A NSCLC. These trials demonstrated a significant 5% benefit in 5y-survival estimated with adjuvant or neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in stage II and IIIA. This benefit was confirmed in two meta-analyses of individual participant data. Conversely for the stage I the benefit of chemotherapy was suggested only for tumors > 4 cm. Adjuvant radiotherapy for N2 patients is currently tested in the large international phase 3 trial Lung-ART/IFCT-0503. The perioperative impact of targeted treatments in NSCLC with molecular alterations is actually suggested by one study in in patients with EGFR mutations. Finally, the role of immune checkpoints inhibitors is currently evaluated in neoadjuvant phase 2 trials and adjuvant phase 3. Preliminary results from one neoadjuvant trial are encouraging.
Immune cell biomarkers on neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment for resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients; Background: Immunotherapy has become the main therapy in advanced NSCLC patients, but recently, combination with chemotherapy in locally advanced stages is showing promising results. Many studies have described peripheral blood immune cells parameters as response biomarkers. In our study, we described the effect of neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment in Complete Blood Count (CBC) and Peripheral blood mononuclear cells phenotype, as well as, the association of these parameters with pathological response. Methods: 46 resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients treated with neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy from NADIM clinical trial were analysed. Samples were extracted before initiating the neo-adjuvant treatment with nivolumab plus carboplatin and at the third cycle before patients underwent surgery. We classified patients in 3 subgroups of pathological response: complete (pCR), mayor (<10% viable tumour) and incomplete (>10% viable tumour, pIR). Results: Absolute numbers of Leucocytes, Eosinophil, Monocytes, Neutrophils, Haemoglobin and Platelets from hemograms were significantly reduced after treatment. However, no changes were observed for Lymphocytes, Basophils, LDH levels or the lung immune prognostic index (LIPI). Additionally, post-treatment neutrophil-to-lymphocyte (NLR), myeloid-to-lymphoid lineage (M:L) and platelets-to-lymphocytes (PLR) ratios were decreased. Remarkably, from all the CBC absolute numbers and ratios, only PLR variation showed differences between pCR and pIR. On the other hand, percentages of T cells, B cells, NK cells and macrophages did not vary after treatment, however activation of CD4 T cells and NK cells were significantly downregulated after treatment, associated to pCR. Also, PD-1 expression on T and NK cells pre-treatment was higher on pCR compared to pIR, reaching statistical significance only on CD4 T cells. Conclusions: In our study, we described predictive biomarkers of response to treatment. A higher decrease on PLR post-treatment is associated to pIR. Moreover, higher expression of PD-1 pre-treatment in CD4 T cells, as well, as a reduced activation on CD4 T cells and NK cells, after treatment are associated to pCR. Clinical trial identification: NCT 03081689; EudraCT 2016-003732-20. Legal entity responsible for the study: Spanish Lung Cancer Group. Funding: BMS. Disclosure: M. Provencio: Advisory / Consultancy: BMS; Advisory / Consultancy, Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: MSD; Advisory / Consultancy, Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: AstraZeneca; Advisory / Consultancy: Boehringer. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
A phase Ib trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and durvalumab (MEDI4736) for potentially resectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Although definitive concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT) is considered standard of care for most of stage III NSCLC patients, neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgery can be considered for some potentially resectable patients. Rationales for neoadjuvant treatment are tumor regression effect before surgery, early eradication of micrometastasis and better tolerability of chemotherapy than in the post-surgical setting. Regarding potential benefits of combining PD-1 blockade with CRT, here we have an ongoing phase Ib trial which assesses the safety and feasibility of the combination of neoadjuvant CRT with durvalumab in potentially resectable stage III NSCLC (NCT03694236). Trial design: Eligible patients with histologically confirmed NSCLC (potentially resectable clinical stage III according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer 8th staging system) are enrolled. Patients receive CRT (weekly paclitaxel 45 mg/m2 and carboplatin AUC 2 with radiotherapy of 45 Gy in 25 fractions) and durvalumab (Day 1 and 29, 1500mg) during 5 weeks followed by surgery. After surgery, patients are treated with durvalumab for one year (every 4weeks, 1500 mg). The primary endpoints are safety and tolerability. The secondary endpoints are objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate, disease-free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), clinical or pathological downstaging rate and, pathologic complete response (pCR) rate in the primary tumor. Immune marker analysis by FACS, exome sequencing and RNA sequencing using cancer tissue of pre-treatment, after surgery, and after recurrence will be performed. [Table presented] Clinical trial identification: NCT03694236. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: AstraZeneca. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Pre-operative ipilimumab and nivolumab in locoregionally advanced, stage III, urothelial cancer (NABUCCO); Background: Stage III (cT3-4aN0M0 or ≥cT1N+M0) urothelial cancer (UC) patients (pts) have a poor prognosis. Despite high response rates, pre-operative chemo shows limited survival benefit. Immunotherapy targeting PD-1/PD-L1 is active in metastatic UC; the combination of ipilimumab (ipi) and nivolumab (nivo) appears to increase response rates. Encouraging path Complete Response (pCR) rates are observed in trials testing neoadjuvant anti-PD-1/PD-L1 (mostly cT2-T3N0 pts). Here, we present the first clinical trial data on preoperative ipi+nivo. Methods: This is a single-arm phase 1B trial testing the feasibility (primary endpoint) of pre-operative ipi+nivo in stage III UC pts (cis unfit/refusal). To mitigate the risk of immune-related toxicity, pts were treated with (based on melanoma data): ipi 3 mg/kg (day 1), ipi 3 + nivo 1 mg/kg (day 22), and nivo 3 mg/kg (day 43), followed by resection. Secondary endpoints were efficacy (pCR) and translational parameters: PD-L1, TMB (by WES), and immune cell infiltrates at baseline vs on-treatment using multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF; pan-CK/CD3/CD8/FOXP3/CD20/CD68). Results: 24 pts (14 cT3-4N0; 10 cN+) were enrolled, of whom 23 (96%) had resection <12 weeks from 1st cycle. 1 pt, responding radiologically, had a delay in surgery because of an irAE (hemolysis). 18/24 pts received all 3 cycles, 6 pts received 2 cycles due to irAEs. Grade 3/4 irAEs occurred in 54% of pts; 42% when excluding clinically insignificant lab deviations. 22 pts were available for efficacy assessment (1 pt resection delayed, 1 pt had resection 1 day before abstract submission). 10/22 pts (45%) achieved a pCR. 3 additional pts (14%) had noninvasive cancer at resection (2 ypTis, 1 ypTa), resulting in an overall path downstaging (≤ypT1N0) rate of 59% (13/22). In recent neoadjuvant IO studies in melanoma and NSCLC, major path response (MPR) has been defined as ≤ 10% vital tumor cells in the tumor bed. MPR was seen in 5/22 pts (23%). Nonresponse was seen in 4/22 (17%). Response was associated with massive infiltration of CD8+ T-cells in the tumour bed. Conclusions: Preoperative ipi+nivo is feasible (96% surgery <12 weeks) and shows promising efficacy in stage III UC pts. Updated results on all 24 pts, including mIF, PDL1 and TMB, will be presented. Clinical trial identification: NCT03387761, January 2, 2018. Legal entity responsible for the study: Netherlands Cancer Institute - Antoni van Leeuwenhoek. Funding: BMS. Disclosure: M.S. Van der Heijden: Advisory / Consultancy, Research grant / Funding (institution): BMS; Advisory / Consultancy, Research grant / Funding (institution): Astellas; Advisory / Consultancy, Research grant / Funding (institution), Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: Roche/Genentech; Advisory / Consultancy, Research grant / Funding (institution): AstraZeneca; Advisory / Consultancy, Travel / Accommodation / Expenses: MSD; Advisory / Consultancy: Janssen. T.N. Schumacher: Advisory / Consultancy: Adaptive Biotechnologies; Advisory / Consultancy, Shareholder / Stockholder / Stock options: AIMM Therapeutics; Advisory / Consultancy, Shareholder / Stockholder / Stock options: Allogene Therapeutics; Advisory / Consultancy: Amgen; Advisory / Consultancy, Shareholder / Stockholder / Stock options: Merus; Advisory / Consultancy, Shareholder / Stockholder / Stock options: Neon Therapeutics; Advisory / Consultancy, Shareholder / Stockholder / Stock options: Scenic Biotech; Advisory / Consultancy: Third Rock Ventures; Research grant / Funding (institution): Merck; Research grant / Funding (institution): Bristol-Myers Squibb; Research grant / Funding (institution): Merck KGaA. P. Kvistborg: Advisory / Consultancy: Neon Therapeutics; Advisory / Consultancy: Personalis; Research grant / Funding (institution): Merck; Research grant / Funding (institution): BMS. C.U. Blank: Advisory / Consultancy, Research grant / Funding (institution): BMS; Advisory / Consultancy: MSD; Advisory / Consultancy, Research grant / Funding (institution): Novartis; Advisory / Consultancy: Roche; Advisory / Consultancy: GSK; Advisory / Consultancy: Pfizer; Advisory / Consultancy: Eli Lilly; Advisory / Consultancy: GenMab; Advisory / Consultancy: Pierre Fabre; Research grant / Funding (institution): NanoString. B.W. van Rhijn: Advisory / Consultancy: Astellas; Advisory / Consultancy: AstraZeneca; Advisory / Consultancy: Ferring. All other authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Prognostic significance of elements of the adaptive immunity in the microenvironment of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer; Background: The characterization of adaptive immunity in the tumor microenvironment of non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is considered of outmost importance for the stratification of patients for immunotherapeutic approaches. For this, simple, feasible, inexpensive, reproducible and pathology based methodologies are needed, such as the evaluation of routine H&E stained slides, an approach that has been recently used for the interpretation of the immune-related pathologic response in the neoadjuvant immunotherapy setting. Methods: We aimed to determine the prognostic significance of intratumoral and peritumoral tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS), plasma cells (PCs) and necrosis in a series of 140 patients with early stage, surgically resectable NSCLC. The evaluation of TLS (3-tiered score), PCs (4-tiered score) and necrosis (absent, focal, diffuse) was performed in hematoxylin-eosin (H&E) sections from surgical specimens of pulmonary wedge resection, lobectomy or pneumonectomy. Epidemiological data have been retrieved for 76 patients so far. Results: In most of the tumors examined, presence of TLS and aggregates of PCs was noted (91% and 75%, respectively). The presence and density of TLS and PCs in the tumor microenvironment correlated with improved survival (p < 0.001 and p = 0.002 respectively, Kaplan-Meier). The presence of TLS also correlated positively with PC infiltrates (p < 0.001, CC = 0.644, Spearman). Importantly, all patients with diffuse large PCs aggregates (score 3) are alive for the follow-up period. On the contrary, the presence of diffuse necrosis proved to have an adverse effect on overall survival (p = 0.004, Kaplan-Meier) and showed no significant correlation with the presence of TLS and PCs. Conclusions: The presence of elements of the adaptive immunity such as TLS and plasma cells is closely linked to clinical outcome in NSCLC. As plasma cell differentiation in the tumor environment correlated with the presence of TLS, this effector humoral immunity cell type might represent a surrogate marker of an effective immune response in the tumor microenvironment driven by the formation of Tertiary Lymphoid Structures. Legal entity responsible for the study: The authors. Funding: Has not received any funding. Disclosure: All authors have declared no conflicts of interest.
Pre-operative ipilimumab and nivolumab in locoregionally advanced, stage III, urothelial cancer (NABUCCO); Background: Stage III (cT3-4aN0M0 or ≥cT1N+M0) urothelial cancer (UC) patients (pts) have a poor prognosis. Despite high response rates, pre-operative chemo shows limited survival benefit. Immunotherapy targeting PD-1/PD-L1 is active in metastatic UC; the combination of ipilimumab (ipi) and nivolumab (nivo) appears to increase response rates. Encouraging path Complete Response (pCR) rates are observed in trials testing neoadjuvant anti-PD-1/PD-L1 (mostly cT2-T3N0 pts). Here, we present the first clinical trial data on preoperative ipi+nivo. Methods: This is a single-arm phase 1B trial testing the feasibility (primary endpoint) of pre-operative ipi+nivo in stage III UC pts (cis unfit/refusal). To mitigate the risk of immune-related toxicity, pts were treated with (based on melanoma data): ipi 3 mg/kg (day 1), ipi 3+ nivo 1 mg/kg (day 22), and nivo 3 mg/kg (day 43), followed by resection. Secondary endpoints were efficacy (pCR) and translational parameters: PD-L1, TMB (by WES), and immune cell infiltrates at baseline vs on-treatment using multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF; pan-CK/CD3/CD8/FOXP3/CD20/CD68). Results: 24 pts (14 cT3-4N0; 10 cN+) were enrolled, of whom 23 (96%) had resection <12 weeks from 1st cycle. 1 pt, responding radiologically, had a delay in surgery because of an irAE (hemolysis). 18/24 pts received all 3 cycles, 6 pts received 2 cycles due to irAEs. Grade 3/4 irAEs occurred in 54% of pts; 42% when excluding clinically insignificant lab deviations. 22 pts were available for efficacy assessment (1 pt resection delayed, 1 pt had resection 1 day before abstract submission). 10/22 pts (45%) achieved a pCR. 3 additional pts (14%) had noninvasive cancer at resection (2 ypTis, 1 ypTa), resulting in an overall path downstaging (≤ypT1N0) rate of 59% (13/22). In recent neoadjuvant IO studies in melanoma and NSCLC, major path response (MPR) has been defined as≤10% vital tumor cells in the tumor bed. MPR was seen in 5/22 pts (23%). Nonresponse was seen in 4/22 (17%). Response was associated with massive infiltration of CD8+ T-cells in the tumour bed. Conclusions: Preoperative ipi+nivo is feasible (96% surgery <12 weeks) and shows promising efficacy in stage III UC pts. Updated results on all 24 pts, including mIF, PDL1 and TMB, will be presented.
Immune cell biomarkers on neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment for resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients; Background: Immunotherapy has become the main therapy in advanced NSCLC patients, but recently, combination with chemotherapy in locally advanced stages is showing promising results. Many studies have described peripheral blood immune cells parameters as response biomarkers. In our study, we described the effect of neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment in Complete Blood Count (CBC) and Peripheral blood mononuclear cells phenotype, as well as, the association of these parameters with pathological response. Methods: 46 resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients treated with neo-adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy from NADIM clinical trial were analysed. Samples were extracted before initiating the neo-adjuvant treatment with nivolumab plus carboplatin and at the third cycle before patients underwent surgery.We classified patients in 3 subgroups of pathological response: complete (pCR), mayor (<10% viable tumour) and incomplete (>10% viable tumour, pIR). Results: Absolute numbers of Leucocytes, Eosinophil, Monocytes, Neutrophils, Haemoglobin and Platelets from hemograms were significantly reduced after treatment. However, no changes were observed for Lymphocytes, Basophils, LDH levels or the lung immune prognostic index (LIPI). Additionally, post-treatment neutrophil-tolymphocyte (NLR), myeloid-to-lymphoid lineage (M:L) and platelets-to-lymphocytes (PLR) ratios were decreased. Remarkably, from all the CBC absolute numbers and ratios, only PLR variation showed differences between pCR and pIR. On the other hand, percentages of T cells, B cells, NK cells and macrophages did not vary after treatment, however activation of CD4 T cells and NK cells were significantly downregulated after treatment, associated to pCR. Also, PD-1 expression on T and NK cells pre-treatment was higher on pCR compared to pIR, reaching statistical significance only on CD4 T cells. Conclusions: In our study, we described predictive biomarkers of response to treatment. A higher decrease on PLR post-treatment is associated to pIR. Moreover, higher expression of PD-1 pre-treatment in CD4 T cells, as well, as a reduced activation on CD4 T cells and NK cells, after treatment are associated to pCR.
Prognostic significance of elements of the adaptive immunity in the microenvironment of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer; Background: The characterization of adaptive immunity in the tumor microenvironment of non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is considered of outmost importance for the stratification of patients for immunotherapeutic approaches. For this, simple, feasible, inexpensive, reproducible and pathology based methodologies are needed, such as the evaluation of routine H&E stained slides, an approach that has been recently used for the interpretation of the immune-related pathologic response in the neoadjuvant immunotherapy setting. Methods: We aimed to determine the prognostic significance of intratumoral and peritumoral tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS), plasma cells (PCs) and necrosis in a series of 140 patients with early stage, surgically resectable NSCLC. The evaluation of TLS (3- tiered score), PCs (4-tiered score) and necrosis (absent, focal, diffuse) was performed in hematoxylin-eosin (H&E) sections from surgical specimens of pulmonary wedge resection, lobectomy or pneumonectomy. Epidemiological data have been retrieved for 76 patients so far. Results: In most of the tumors examined, presence of TLS and aggregates of PCs was noted (91% and 75%, respectively). The presence and density of TLS and PCs in the tumor microenvironment correlated with improved survival (p<0.001 and p=0.002 respectively, Kaplan-Meier). The presence of TLS also correlated positively with PC infiltrates (p<0.001, CC=0.644, Spearman). Importantly, all patients with diffuse large PCs aggregates (score 3) are alive for the follow-up period. On the contrary, the presence of diffuse necrosis proved to have an adverse effect on overall survival (p=0.004, Kaplan-Meier) and showed no significant correlation with the presence of TLS and PCs. Conclusions: The presence of elements of the adaptive immunity such as TLS and plasma cells is closely linked to clinical outcome in NSCLC. As plasma cell differentiation in the tumor environment correlated with the presence of TLS, this effector humoral immunity cell type might represent a surrogate marker of an effective immune response in the tumor microenvironment driven by the formation of Tertiary Lymphoid Structures.
A phase Ib trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and durvalumab (MEDI4736) for potentially resectable stage III nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Although definitive concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CRT) is considered standard of care for most of stage III NSCLC patients, neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgery can be considered for some potentially resectable patients. Rationales for neoadjuvant treatment are tumor regression effect before surgery, early eradication of micrometastasis and better tolerability of chemotherapy than in the post-surgical setting. Regarding potential benefits of combining PD-1 blockade with CRT, here we have an ongoing phase Ib trial which assesses the safety and feasibility of the combination of neoadjuvant CRT with durvalumab in potentially resectable stage III NSCLC (NCT03694236). Trial design: Eligible patients with histologically confirmed NSCLC (potentially resectable clinical stage III according to the American Joint Committee on Cancer 8th staging system) are enrolled. Patients receive CRT (weekly paclitaxel 45 mg/m2 and carboplatin AUC 2 with radiotherapy of 45 Gy in 25 fractions) and durvalumab (Day 1 and 29, 1500mg) during 5 weeks followed by surgery. After surgery, patients are treated with durvalumab for one year (every 4weeks, 1500 mg). The primary endpoints are safety and tolerability. The secondary endpoints are objective response rate (ORR), R0 resection rate, disease-free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), clinical or pathological downstaging rate and, pathologic complete response (pCR) rate in the primary tumor. Immune marker analysis by FACS, exome sequencing and RNA sequencing using cancer tissue of pre-treatment, after surgery, and after recurrence will be performed.
The Effect of Radiotherapy on Clinical Outcomes for Patients Receiving Immunotherapy for Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Carcinoma; Purpose/Objective(s): The use of immunotherapy (IT), either alone or in combination with chemotherapy, improves survival for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The interaction of IT with radiotherapy (RT) remains only partially understood, though preclinical studies suggest that RT alters tumor immunogenicity to enhance immune response and provide synergism with IT. However, the optimal use and sequencing of IT+RT in metastatic NSCLC has not been established. Here, we performed a retrospective analysis to compare outcomes and identify predictors for improved survival for metastatic NSCLC patients treated with IT+RT at a single institution. Materials/Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 121 patients diagnosed with Stage IV NSCLC from 2015 to 2017 who were treated with IT. Information regarding patient characteristics, PD-L1 expression, use of RT, and sites irradiated were collected. The sequence of IT and RT was determined for patients receiving IT+RT. Neo-adjuvant RT was defined as the completion of RT greater than 4 weeks prior to initiating IT; concurrent IT+RT was defined as the completion of RT up to 4 weeks prior through 4 weeks after initiating IT; adjuvant RT was completed greater than 4 weeks after initiating IT. Overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) were compared for patients with different IT+RT sequencing and sites irradiated. Results: Of the 121 Stage IV NSCLC patients receiving IT, there were 77 patients who also received RT as part of their treatment course. No difference was found between patients receiving IT versus IT+RT in terms of OS (median 16.7 months vs 16.2 months, log-rank p=.87) or PFS (median 9.3 months vs 10.7 months, p=.40). PD-L1 status was not predictive of OS or PFS among patients receiving IT+RT. Delivery of RT to a non-osseous metastasis, compared to a bone metastasis, was associated with improved PFS (median 11.9 months vs 8.7 months, p=.047) and a trend towards improved OS (median 22.3 months vs 12.2 months, p=.058) compared to patients receiving RT to a bone metastasis. Regarding IT+RT sequencing, the use of concurrent IT+RT was associated with worse OS (median 12.0 months, p=.03) and PFS (median 7.5 months, p=.048) compared to neo-adjuvant RT or adjuvant RT. Conclusion: The use of RT in addition to IT was not associated with improved OS or PFS in this cohort of metastatic NSCLC patients. Among patients receiving IT+RT, treatment of non-osseous metastases with RT was associated with improved PFS. This possibly suggests an opportunity for increased IT+RT synergism with irradiation of solid organ metastases opposed to bone metastases. The initiation of IT and RT in close temporal sequencing to one another was associated was reduced OS and PFS in this cohort.
A Cross-Sectional Study of Clinical Trials on Radiotherapy Combined with Immunotherapy for Lung Cancer; Purpose/Objective(s): For patients with lung cancer, remarkable advances have been made in Immune-Oncology (IO) therapy, especially immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). However, multi-modality treatment is needed to improve the efficacy or enlarge the beneficial populations of IO treatment. This study is to comprehensively summarize and analyze the clinical trials focusing on radiotherapy (RT) combined with IO therapy, explore the trend of research, as well as provide a view of the latest landscape of combination strategies. Materials/Methods: Trials registered on the electronic database (https://clinicaltrials.gov) between Jan.2009 and Jan.2019 were searched using “Radiotherapy AND Immunotherapy | Recruiting, Not yet recruiting, Active, not recruiting, Completed, Enrolling by invitation Studies | Interventional Studies | Lung Cancer”. Statistical analysis software was used to analyze the data. Results: Totally 69 clinical trials of RT and IO combination therapy for lung cancer were recorded, including 54 active and 15 completed. Geographically, most of the trials were carried out in the USA (n=47, 68.1%), followed by the European countries (n=18, 26.1%). From timeline, the past 2 years has seen a soaring number of 40 clinical trials accounting for 58.0% of the total. The combination therapy trials were more often in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (n=52, 75.4%) than small cell lung cancer (SCLC) (n=10, 14.5%), with the remaining 7 trials unspecified. As for combination strategies, trials of tumor vaccine combined with RT were the most frequent before 2016. However, at present, ICI has exceeded tumor vaccine in the combination with RT and makes up the absolute most (n=62, 89.9%). On the whole, most of the combination therapy trials are in phase I/II (n=64, 92.8%). Although most trials are set for advanced or metastatic cancers (n=43, 62.3%), there are a few exploring the safety and effectiveness of combination therapy for early stage cancers or as adjuvant therapy (n=9, 13.0%). One trial was set as neo-adjuvant therapy. As for RT details, 22 trials were SBRT combined with IO therapy. Two trials were exploring the optimal sequence of RT and IO therapy. In addition, one trial is to compare high versus low dose RT in the combination with ICI in NSCLC. Conclusion: From the trials of RT and IO combination therapy for lung cancer, those of ICI combined with RT are increasing rapidly, although most are in phase I/II. Further studies are needed to explore the more detailed rational combination strategies, such as the sequencing, fractionation, and dose of RT, and the optimal IO agent.
Neoadjuvant Stereotactic Ablative and Hypofractionated Radiotherapy for Oligometastatic NSCLC; Approximately 40-50% of all patients with NSCLC present with Stage IV or metastatic disease. Although advances in systemic therapy have led to significant improvements in response rates, OS remains poor. Data suggest that oligometastatic patients, defined here as having ≤ 5 metastases, may have improved outcomes in comparison to patients with more significant metastatic burden Immunotherapy containing regimens are now standard of care in Stage IV NSCLC and have led to improved outcomes. However, response rates to immunotherapy are variable, are often not sustained, and optimal predictors of response have yet to be determined. Recent data suggest that responses to immunotherapy may in part be determined by pretreatment tumor burden and that even robust induction of anti-tumor T cell response by immune therapy may be clinically ineffective in the tumor burden is too high. Both human and animal data have demonstrated that radiotherapy can potentiate response to immunotherapy checkpoint inhibitors through multiple mechanisms. High dose per fraction radiotherapy, such as the type employed in stereotactic body radiotherapy, are particularly effective in enhancing anti-tumor immune responses. While radiation therapy plays a central role in curative intent management of non-metastatic (Stages I-III) NSCLC, its role in metastatic disease has traditionally been confined to palliation of pain, relief of lumenal obstruction, or CNS metastases. Stereotactic Ablative Radiotherapy (SABR) is an advanced form of treatment which permits precise targeting of tumors with high doses of radiation using steep dosimetric gradients for protection of surrounding normal tissues. Randomized studies have demonstrated that oligometastatic patients who receive consolidative local radiotherapy (radiotherapy given after initial systemic therapy) to all metastatic sites experience improved outcomes in comparison to maintenance chemotherapy alone. It is notable that these studies were conceived and performed before immunotherapy regimens were first-line standard of care. These and data described above imply that neoadjuvant delivery of SBRT may enhance response to immunotherapy and minimize pre-immunotherapy tumor burden. We hypothesize that neoadjuvant SABR/Hypofractionated radiotherapy to oligometastatic NSCLC (≤5 metastases) can synergize with immunotherapy containing systemic agents leading to improved outcomes and response rates. We plan to evaluate this hypothesis with the following specific aims. Aim 1: Establish logistical feasibility and safety of neoadjuvant SBRT to oligometastatic sites of disease. Aim 2: Evaluate treatment responses and outcomes of patients randomized to be treated with neoadjuvant SBRT followed by standard of care systemic therapy vs standard of care therapy alone. In this Aim we compare OS, PFS, time to new metastases, and toxicity and quality of life in patients receive standard of care. Secondary analyses will evaluate responses based on PDL-1 expression status, number and sites of metastases, and other clinical factors. Brief Methods and Eligibility: After stratification by PDL-1 expression status and number of metastases, patients will be randomized between two arms as follows: Arm 1 - standard of care systemic therapy; and Arm 2 – SABR/Hypofractionated RT to all radiographically identified disease followed by standard of care systemic therapy. Patients will be randomized 1:2 (Arm 1: Arm 2). Radiotherapy dose and fractionation for patients receiving SABR will depend on proximity to and/or dosimetry to organs at risk. This study aims to accrue a total of 90 patients within 4 years. The primary endpoint is overall survival, and secondary endpoints include toxicity, quality of life, progression-free survival, local and regional control rates, and systemic therapy-free survival. Author Disclosure: N.B. Newman: None. J.L. Anderson: None. E.T. Shinohara: None. P. Michael: None. A. Attia: Employee; Vanderbilt University. Independent Contractor; AstraZeneca, Novocure. Honoraria; Brainlab, qfix. Advisory Board; AstraZeneca. Travel Expenses; qfix. E.C. Osmundson: None.
2019 Research Workshop: Treatment of Oligometastatic Disease - Closer to the Cure; The proceedings contains 18 papers. The topics discussed include: Plasma Circulating Tumor HPV DNA for Early Detection of Cancer Recurrence in HPV-associated Oropharyngeal Cancer;A Validated Radiomics T Cell Score Predicts Response to Multi-site SBRT Combined with Pembrolizumab;Dosimetric Comparison of Biologically-Guided Radiotherapy and X-ray-Guided Stereotactic Ablative Radiotherapy for Oligometastatic Prostate Cancer;Multi-Site SBRT and Sequential Pembrolizumab: Treated Metastasis Control and Immune-Related Expression Predict Outcomes;Phase 1b study of stereotactic body radiation therapy in combination with systemic therapy in patients with extracranial oligometastatic renal cell carcinoma;Management of Oligometastatic Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck;Number of Metastatic Organ Sites and Survival by Molecular Profile in Lung Adenocarcinoma;Stereotactic Ablative Radiation Therapy for Oligometastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, Subset Analysis of a Prospective Phase II Clinical Trial;Increased Biologically Effective Dose (BED) To The Primary Tumor Improves Survival in Patients with Oligometastatic NSCLC: A Retrospective Dose Response Analysis;Radium 223 Dichloride in Combination with Androgen Deprivation Therapy and Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy for Patients with Stage IV Oligometastatic Castration Sensitive Prostate Cancer: Clinical Trial in Progress;Platform Phase I Study Investigating the Safety of Multisite Stereotactic Body Radiotherapy with Immuno-Oncology Agents for the Treatment of Metastatic Advanced Solid Tumors;Radiotherapy In The Definitive Management Of Oligometastatic Prostate Cancer;Predictive factors and survival outcomes with stereotactic body radiation therapy in treatment of oligometastases in colorectal cancer;Long-term Disease Control and Survival Observed after Stereotactic Body Radiotherapy for Oligometastatic Breast Cancer;Molecular Profiling of Oligometastases and Artificial Intelligence-based Model for Predicting Treatment Outcome in Advance Prostate Cancer;Advance SBRT approaches for patients with oligometastases;Neoadjuvant Stereotactic Ablative and Hypofractionated Radiotherapy for Oligometastatic NSCLC
Current status of immune checkpoint inhibition in early-stage NSCLC; Immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI) immunotherapy has revolutionized the approach to metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In particular, antibodies blocking the inhibitory immune checkpoints programmed death 1 (PD-1) and its ligand (PD-L1) are associated with higher response rates, improved overall survival and better tolerability as compared with conventional cytotoxic chemotherapy. Recently, ICI has moved from the second-line to the first-line setting for many patients with non-oncogene-addicted NSCLC, either alone or in combination with chemotherapy. The next logical step is to examine this therapy in patients with non-metastatic NSCLC to improve long-term overall survival and cure rates. For patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC, ICI with durvalumab after concurrent chemoradiotherapy has brought a major improvement in 2-year progression-free and overall survival, which holds promise for an improved cure rate. As the relapse pattern in patients with completely resected early-stage NSCLC is predominantly systemic, high expectations rest on the integration of ICI therapy in their treatment approach. A large number of studies with adjuvant or neo-adjuvant ICI are ongoing and will be discussed here. The advent of stereotactic ablative radiotherapy has brought a valid alternative treatment of patients unfit for or not willing to undergo surgery. Data on combining systemic therapy and stereotactic ablative radiotherapy are virtually non-existent, but there is a strong biological rationale to combine radiotherapy and ICI therapy. Early findings in small feasibility studies are promising and now need to be explored in well-designed phase III trials.
Neoadjuvant pembrolizumab (Pembro) for early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Updated report of a phase i study, MK3475-223; Background: Resected NSCLC clinical stage I or II harbor a 5 year survival of only 30-50%. Immunotherapy might be more effective in low-burden disease. We hypothesized that neo-adjuvant immunotherapy is a feasible, safe and effective treatment (Tx) for early stage NSCLC. Methods: MK3475-223 is an ongoing phase I study of neoadjuvant pembrolizumab in stage I-II NSCLC. All Pembro Txs are 200mg q 3 weeks (wks). Objectives: determine safety; recommended phase 2 dose/schedule; pathological and radiological response. Doses-schedule limiting toxicities (DLT) were defined as significant surgical complications (bleeding, delayed wound healing, ARDS, prolonged air-leak) or a significant delay of surgery. The doses-schedule escalation cohorts were (i) single pembro dose 3 wk prior to surgery; (ii) 2 pembro doses, 2 wks later surgery; (iii) 2 pembro doses, 1 wk later surgery. Expansion cohort received the doses-schedule of cohort (iii). Percentages of remaining viable tumor in the post-Tx were assessed, 10% or less was considered amajor pathological response (MPR). IHC for pre-Tx PDL1 was done. Efficacy was evaluated for the patients who had received 2 doses of pembrolizumab. Results: No DLT occurred in the dose-schedule escalation cohorts. 10 patients received 2 cycles of neo-adjuvant pembrolizumab. 4 patients achieved a MPR (4/10 who received 2 cycles of pembro; 40%; 95% C.I. 16.7-68.8%). No correlation is seen between the levels of PDL1 pre-Tx and the pathologic response. Size of the tumor and N status was also not in any apparent correlation with MPR (data not shown). Interestingly, all of the MPR cases had a relatively long interval from 1st Tx till surgery.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Clinical and correlative results from the NEOSTAR study; Background: Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) induce major pathologic response (MPR) rates of 20 to 45% in resected NSCLCs. We report the results of NEOSTAR-a phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant N or NI for NSCLCs. Methods: Pts with stage I-IIIA (single N2) resectable NSCLC (AJCC 7th), PS 0-1, were randomized to N (3 mg/kg IV, D1, 15, 29) or N plus I (1 mg/kg IV, D1) followed by surgery (n = 44). Primary endpoint: MPR (≤10% viable tumor), hypothesized to be higher than MPR to induction chemotherapy historical controls. Tumor immune infiltrates and pre-& post-ICI tumor PD-L1 % were assessed by flow cytometry and IHC. Wilcoxon ranked sum test and Fisher's exact test were used for comparisons. Results: 44 pts were randomized, 23 N, 21 NI: mean age 66, 64% males, 18% never smokers, 59% adenocarcinomas, stages: IA 8 (18%), IB 15 (34%), IIA 7 (16%) IIB 5 (11%); IIIA 9 (20%). Only 3 pts received < 3 doses due to TRAEs (7%). 34 pts had surgery post ICIs (7 not resected [7/41], 17%, [2 N, 5 NI], 3 pending). There were 10 MPRs in 41 pts overall (24%, 4 N, 6 NI), of which 6 were path CRs (15%, 2 N [9%], 4 NI [21%]). Among 34 resected pts, MPR rate was 29% (N 20%, NI 43%). Median % of viable tumor was lower post NI vs N (20% vs 65%, p =.097). ORR (RECIST v1.1) was 22% (8 PRs [5 N, 3 NI], 1 CR [NI]); 15% of pts had PD (3 N, 3 NI). The proportion of CR+PR in MPR+ was higher than in MPR-(6 [60%] vs 2 [7%], p <.001). Surgical complications included 2 bronchopleural fistulas (BPFs) in N and 8 air leaks (5 N, 3 NI). G3-G5 TRAEs included a death due to BPF post steroid-treated pneumonitis (G5, N); G3 pneumonia, hypoxia, hypermagnesemia (1 each, all N), G3 diarrhea (1 NI). CD3+ and CD103+ tissue resident memory CD8+ TILs were higher in NI-vs N-treated tumors (CD3+ 81.2% vs 54.4%, p =.028; CD8+56.2% vs 38.3%, p =.069). Median pre-treatment tumor PD-L1 was higher in responders (MPR+, CR+PR) vs non-responders (80% vs 1%, p =.024), and the % of viable tumor was lower in tumors with PD-L1 > 1% vs PD-L1 ≤1% (median 20% vs 80%, p =.046). Conclusions: Overall a 24% MPR rate to neoadjuvant ICIs was observed. NI induced a higher % of non-viable tumor and of tissue resident memory TILs vs N. Antitumor activity was associated with higher pre-treatment PD-L1 levels.
Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy for the treatment of stage IIIA resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A phase II multicenter exploratory study-Final data of patients who underwent surgical assessment; Background: Patients with stage IIIA (N2 or T4N0) are potentially curable but median overall survival is only around 15 months and complete pathologic response with conventional chemotherapy (CT) is no more than 9%. Methods: A Phase II, single-arm, open-label multicenter study of resectable stage IIIA N2-NSCLC adult patients with CT plus IO as a neoadjuvant treatment: three cycles of Nivolumab (NV) 360mg IV Q3W + paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + carboplatin AUC 6 IV Q3W followed by adjuvant NV treatment for 1 year. After complete neoadjuvant therapy, tumor assessment is performed prior to surgery. Surgery is performed in the 3rd or 4th week after day 21 of the third cycle of neoadjuvant treatment. The study aims to recruit 46 pts. The primary endpoint is Progression-Free Survival (PFS) at 24 months. Efficacy is explored using objective pathologic response criteria. We present final data on all patients included in this study that underwent surgical assessment. Results: At the time of submission, 46 pts had been included and 41 had undergone surgery. CT-IO was well-tolerated and surgery was not delayed in any patient. None of the pts withdrew from the study preoperatively due to progression or toxicity. 41 surgeries had been performed and all tumors were deemed resectable, with R0 resection in all cases. 34 pts (83%) achieved major pathologic response (MPR) (CI 95% 71-95%), and 24 (71%) of them had a complete pathologic response (CPR) (CI 95% 54-87%). Downstaging was seen in 90% (CI 95% 81-100%) of cases. By RECIST, 29 pts (71%) (CI 95% 56-85%) had partial response and 3 (7%) (CI 95% 0-16%) complete response. Conclusions: This is the first multicentric study to CT-IO in the neoadjuvant setting in stage IIIA. Neoadjuvant CT-IO with nivolumab in resectable IIIA NSCLC yields a high complete pathologic response rate that has never been seen previously and unsuspected by RECIST criteria. Preliminary correlative analyses in blood samples are included in a separate abstract. EudraCT Number: 2016-003732-20.
Hematological biomarkers of pathological response on neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy treatment for resectable stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients; Background: PD1/PDL1 treatments have become the main therapy in advanced stages of NSCLC due to its significant increase in overall survival (OS), but recently, combination with chemotherapy in locally advanced stages is showing promising results. Many studies have described the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and platelets-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) as indicator of systemic inflammation, that could be use as biomarker of response to immunotherapy. In our study, we described the effect of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in Complete Blood Count (CBC) parameters and evaluated their relationship with pathological responses. Methods: Immune cell populations of 46 resectable stage IIIA NSCLC patients treated with neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy from NADIM clinical trial were analysed. Samples were extracted before initiating the neo-adjuvant treatment with nivolumab plus carboplatin and at the third cycle before patients underwent surgery. We classified patients in 3 subgroups of pathological response assessed in the resection specimen: complete response (pCR), mayor response (< 10% viable tumour) and incomplete response (> 10% viable tumour). Wilcoxon and Mann-Whitney U statistic test were used to evaluated differences between pre and post treatment and between pathological responses groups respectively. Results:From 46 patients, 5 patients did not undergo surgery, so they were excluded from the analysis. Absolute numbers (x103cells/μ l) of CBC were significantly reduced after neo-adjuvant treatment in patients, leucocytes (8.80 vs 6.64), Eosinophil (0.22 vs 0.15), Monocytes (0.72 vs 0.62), Neutrophils (5.53 vs 3.53), Haemoglobin (35.82 vs 29.68), Platelets (292.44 vs 227.22), NLR (2.73 vs 1.71) and PLR (143.34 vs 115.85) except Lymphocytes (2.22 vs 2.25) and Basophils (0.06 vs 0.05). Moreover, when the analysis was done by subgroups of pathological responses, PLR variation was significantly different between pCR and incomplete response (-21.33 vs-76.98) whereas NLR and the rest of the immune populations were no different between subgroups. Conclusions: In our study, NLR is not associated to chemo-immune neo-adjuvant treatment response. Nevertheless, in our cohort a higher decrease on PLR post neo-adjuvant treatment is associated to an incomplete pathological response.
T cell repertoire analysis of non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant nivolumab alone or in combination with ipilimumab (NEOSTAR trial); Background: Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are being explored in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here, we studied the composition and changes in the T cell repertoire in a cohort of NSCLC patients (n = 44) treated with neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) alone or in combination with ipilimumab (NI) followed by surgery (NEOSTAR trial). Methods:Sequencing of the variable CDR3β chain of the T cell receptor (TCR) involved in antigen binding was performed in pre-treatment and surgical tumors, matched adjacent uninvolved lung specimens, as well as paired longitudinal blood at baseline, prior to each dose of therapy, prior to surgery, and within 8 weeks post-surgery. T cell repertoire density, diversity, and clonality (reactivity) were evaluated in addition to tumor PD-L1 expression pre-and post-neoadjuvant treatment. Results:Median T cell diversity in the blood post-therapy was 3.3-fold higher in NI-compared to N-treated patients (40,993 [NI, n = 3] vs 12,177 [N, n = 4] unique TCR rearrangements, n.s.). However, median T cell clonality in the blood was 3.5-fold higher in N-than NI-treated patients post-therapy (0.093 [N, n = 4] vs 0.026 [NI, n = 3], n.s.). Median clonality was 3.8-fold higher in the tumor post-therapy in patients receiving NI than in those receiving N (0.076 [NI, n = 7] vs 0.020 [N, n = 5], n.s.). Interestingly, diversity in the blood at baseline and in the tumor post-therapy were positively correlated ([n = 7], r = 0.82; p = 0.023), which may reflect an influx of cells from the periphery following ICIs. Importantly, higher baseline T cell clonality in the blood was associated with a lower % of viable tumor at time of surgery in both treatment arms ([n = 7], r =-0.77; p = 0.04). Conclusions: Our study is the first to assess the TCR repertoire in NSCLC patients treated with combination neoadjuvant NI and highlights potential mechanistic differences compared to N alone. Neoadjuvant NI is associated with higher clonality in tumors and lower clonality in blood post-therapy, suggesting increased T cell trafficking into the tumor. Finally, lower pre-treatment clonality in the periphery was correlated with higher % viable tumor post-neoadjuvant ICIs.
A phase II feasibility trial of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy combined with atezolizumab for resectable esophageal adenocarcinoma: The PERFECT trial; Background: The CROSS study demonstrated the superiority of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (nCRT) over surgery alone (van Hagen et al. NEJM. 2012). However, for resectable esophageal adenocarcinoma (rEAC) 5y survival is only 43%. PD1/PD-L1 checkpoint inhibitors have shown promising efficacy for several cancer types, including esophageal cancer. To further improve outcomes in rEAC, we performed a phase II trial of nCRT combined with atezolizumab, a PD-L1 inhibitor. Methods: Pts with rEAC received standard dose CROSS regimen (5 cycles of IV: carboplatin AUC2, paclitaxel 50 mg/m2and concurrent 23 fractions of 1.8 Gy on weekdays) with atezolizumab (5 cycles: 1200 mg IV, 3 weekly). Primary endpoint was the percentage of pts completing treatment with atezolizumab. Secondary endpoints included: toxicity, postoperative complications (ClavienDindo), Mandard score, R0 resection rate, PFS and OS. In total 40 pts will be enrolled. Results: Since July 2017, 39 pts have been enrolled (87% males, median age 63). Neoadjuvant treatment was completed by 31 pts and is ongoing in 8 pts. All cycles/fractions of nCRT were administered in 29/31 pts; 26 pts completed all cycles of atezolizumab, 24 pts finished complete neoadjuvant treatment. Reasons for missing any cycle of chemotherapy/atezolizumab included: toxicity (6 pts, in 3/6 pts immunerelated adverse events (irAE)) and progression (1 pt). Grade 34 toxicity was observed in 15/31 pts (6/31 irAEs of any grade) which did not delay surgery. Thus far 23/31 pts were resected, 3 pts are planned for surgery, 3 pts had interval metastases preoperatively, 1 pt died during treatment (pulmonary embolism), and 1 pt declined surgery. ClavienDindo grade 34 complications were seen in 11/23 pts with no surgery related mortality. A pathological complete response (pCR), Mandard 1 was seen in 9/23 (39%) pts. All patients underwent an R0 resection. Updated results will be presented at the meeting.Conclusions: Based on data thus far, atezolizumab added to nCRT is feasible. A pCR was observed in 39% of patients, which is promising compared to 23% in the CROSS study. Treatment is associated with irAE which are manageable. Biomarker research will be performed on blood (circulating tumor DNA), tissue (immune microenvironment) and feces (microbiome).
Safety and efficacy of durvalumab following multimodality therapy for locally advanced esophageal and GEJ adenocarcinoma: Results from Big Ten Cancer Research Consortium study; Background: Concurrent chemoradiation (CRT) followed by esophagectomy is a standard of care for locally advanced esophageal (LAEAC) and GEJ adenocarcinoma. Approximately 50% of patients (pts) experience disease relapse within the 1 yr after treatment(tx) completion. No adjuvant tx has been shown to improve survival in these pts. Immune checkpoint inhibitors have activity in metastatic PD-L1 positive EAC. Preclinical studies have shown upregulation of PD1/ PD-L1 pathway with RT +/chemotherapy. Methods: We conducted a phase II trial evaluating safety and efficacy of durvalumab (durva), a monoclonal antibody against PD-L1, in pts with LAEAC and GEJ adenocarcinoma who have viable tumor in surgical specimen after neoadjuvant CRT and R0 resection. Pts received durva 1500mg IV every 4 weeks for up to 1yr. Results: 24 pts were enrolled from 4/20161/ 2018 (median age: 60yrs (range, 4370). 18 received carbo/paclitaxel and 6 received cis/5-FU concurrently with radiation. Staging at diagnosis: T2N0 (n=3, 12.5%), T2N2 (n=3, 12.5%),T3N0 (n=6, 25%), T3N1 (n=6, 25%), T3N2 (n=4, 17%), T3N3 (n=1, 4%), T3Nx (n=1, 4%).19 pts (79%) had positive lymph nodes (LNs) at the time of surgery following CRT. 12 pts completed 1yr of tx, 12 came off tx before 1yr because of relapse(6), AEs(5), and consent withdrawal (1). Median number of tx cycles was 12.5 (range, 213). Most common AEs were fatigue (n=8, 33.3%) and nausea (n=6, 25%). 3pts (12.5%) developed grade 3 irAEs: pneumonitis (1), hepatitis (1), colitis (1). At median follow up of 14.5 mo (range, 1.724mo), 17 are disease free (including 5 who came off tx before 1yr). 7pts (29%) have relapsed (3 alive, 4 died). 6/7pts had distant relapse (lung, brain, bone, cervical LNs) and 1 had locoregional relapse. 1yr RFS and OS were 79.2% and 95.5%, respectively. 2yr OS was 59.2%. RFS probability at 26 mo was 67.9%. Median survival after relapse was 11.1 mo (range, 0.111.3mo). Conclusions: Adjuvant durvalumab following trimodality therapy for LAEAC and GEJ adenocarcinoma was safe and feasible with improvement in 1yr RFS to 79.2% compared to historical rate of 50%. OS results are encouraging in this high risk pt population.
IMpower030: Phase III study evaluating neoadjuvant treatment of resectable stage II-IIIB non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with atezolizumab (atezo) 1 chemotherapy; Background: A standard of care for resectable early-stageNSCLC is surgery alone or in combination with adjuvant or neoadjuvant platinum-based doublet chemotherapy (PT-DC). Still, 30%-70% of patients develop recurrence and die fromdisease progression, highlighting the need formore effective treatments. Atezo, an anti-programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) antibody that restores anti-tumour immunity, has shown promising efficacy as monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC. It is hypothesised that the combination of atezo and PT-DCmay provide clinical benefit in the neoadjuvant setting by enhancing cancer cell killing and eradicating micrometastases, reducing the risk of disease recurrence. The objective of IMpower030 (NCT03456063) is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atezo in combination with PT-DC as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable early-stageNSCLC. Trial design: IMpower030 is a global, Phase III, double-blind, randomized study in patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed, resectable stage II, IIIA, or select IIIB (T3N2) NSCLC (per AJCC/UICC, 8th ed). Study inclusion requires measurable disease per RECIST v1.1, ECOG PS of 0/1 and eligibility for R0 resection with curative intent and PT-DC. Patients who had received prior therapy for lung cancer or present with nonsquamous NSCLC with activating EGFR mutations or ALK translocation are excluded. Patients will be randomized to receive 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezo (1200 mg Q3W, Arm A) or placebo (Arm B) in combination with an investigatorselected PT-DC regimen. Following unblinding, patients in Arm A will receive adjuvant atezo treatment for ≤16 cycles or until disease recurrence or unacceptable toxicity, and patients in Arm B will receive best supportive care and scheduled observational followup. Endpoints will include major pathological response (≤10% residual viable tumour tissue at time of resection), investigator-assessed event-free survival and disease-free survival per RECIST v1.1, OS, ORR, pathological complete response and patientreported outcomes. Exploratory biomarkers will also be evaluated.
Comprehensive profiling of genomic and TCR repertoire in localized stage lung adenocarcinomas from a prospective cohort study; Background: Recently, neoadjuvant targeted therapy and immunotherapy have presented a promising clinical effect for localized stage non-small cell lung cancer. However, the characteristics and relationship of genomic and immune profiling in surgical lung adenocarcinomas has been poorly delineated to date. Methods: We prospectively enrolled 100 consecutive patients with pulmonary nodule who intended to undergo curative lung resection during June 2017 to July 2018 (NCT03320044). We investigated the TCR repertoire using next-generation deep sequencing of the complementarity determining region 3 (CDR3) of the TCR b chain in the tissue and WBC samples. Target-capture deep sequencing of 1021 genes was used to detect genomic variations in both tissue and paired plasma samples. Results: EGFR (65.4%), TP53 (36.5%) and KRAS (11.5%) mutated most frequently. KRAS (84.6%) was enriched in mucinous adenocarcinoma. High invasive subtype and no ground-glass opacity status is more likely to be increasing tissue TMB (p=0.0016, p=0.0012), higher T-cell clonality (p=0.05, p=0.05), and more HLA-LOH event (p=0.038, p=0.035). A median of TNB was 2 neoantigens/Mb and showed positive relation with TMB (r=0.97, p<0.0001). EGFR-mutant co-occurring mutations were enriched TGF-beta, PI3K-Akt, hippo and Leukocyte trans-endothelial migration pathway (q<0.05). Lower TCR clonality was shown in patients with EGFR mutation and co-occurring hippo or Leukocyte trans-endothelial migration pathway. Alterations in DNA damage response (DDR) pathways were observed in 15.8% patients, and these patients showed higher clonality (p=0.03). 35.3%(24/68) ctDNA-positive were found in Stage I with a mean ctDNA abundance of 0.18% (ranged from 0.012 to 3.3%), which suggested the challenge of bTMB in biomarker study of early-stage LUAD. Analysis of TCR repertoire from available paired WBC showed no obvious characteristics. Conclusions: This is the first prospective study integrating the correlation of genomic alteration and T-cell receptor in localized surgical LUAD. Analysis of co-altered pathway of EGFR-mutant LUADand immune microenviromentwill provide a better understanding in choosing biomarkers and optimal benefit patients for neoadjuvant therapy.
Activator of NFkB ligand (RANKL) inhibition in nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (POPCORN); Background: Preclinical studies indicate Receptor Activator of NFκB Ligand (RANKL) blockade improves antitumor efficacy of immune checkpoint blockade (ICB). Clinical trials combining denosumab (antiRANKL mAb) with ICB are underway in various cancers although the hypothesized mechanism of action of such combinations remains incomplete. RANKL and its receptor, RANK, are frequently expressed in NSCLC (tumor and immune cells). Denosumab demonstrated survival advantage over bisphosphonate in metastatic NSCLC (mNSCLC) to bone; a recent retrospective case series suggests a relationship between concurrent ICB and denosumab duration and survival in mNSCLC. Neoadjuvant nivolumab recently showed encouraging pathologic response rates in resectable NSCLC; neoadjuvant trials lend themselves to translational research. Methods:POPCORN is a multicenter phase 1b/2 study to determine the mechanism of action, activity and safety of neoadjuvant nivolumab plus denosumab versus nivolumab alone. 30 patients with resectable stage 1A (tumor > 2cm)-3A NSCLC will be randomized 1:1 to two arms (Table). Exclusion criteria include uncontrolled autoimmune disease, steroid contraindications, and unhealed dental disease. Tumor tissue at baseline, surgery and relapse, and peripheral blood at various timepoints (including ontherapy) will be collected. The primary endpoint is to define pharmacodynamic correlates of the two arms through investigations including Tcell receptor clonality, RNA/transcription profile changes (tumor and peripheral blood), and expression of tumor/immune markers of interest via multiplex immunohistochemistry, compared between groups. Secondary endpoints include pathologic response rates, toxicity, R0 resection, and PFS/OS (exploratory). Statistical analysis will be primarily descriptive on the intentiontotreat population. The trial is sponsored by Metro North Hospital and Health Service (Queensland, Australia) with funding from AMGEN, Inc.
Neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable NSCLC patients: Updated clinical and immunophenotyping results from a multicenter trial; Background: Targeting PDL1/PD1 to activate antitumor immunity is associated with improved response and survival compared to chemo in NSCLC pts. We present a preliminary analysis of the clinical efficacy, safety and peripheral blood (PB) immunophenotyping from an ongoing multicenter atezolizumab (atezo) neoadjuvant immunotherapy study in resectable NSCLC.Methods: Pts received 2 cycles of atezo, 1200mg, days 1, 22 before resection. Tumor biopsies and PB were obtained preatezo & presurgery. The biomarker evaluable population (BEP) included pts with paired PB analyzed within 72 hrs by 10color flow cytometry (IMMUNOME) and major pathological response (MPR) assessment (defined as ≤ 10% residual tumor). The primary endpoint was MPR. Secondary endpoints included safety, MPR by PDL1, OS, and DFS. Immunophenotypic analyses were correlated with treatment, MPR and PDL1 expression.Results: 116 patients have been enrolled as of October 31, 2018 and here we report on 54 of 180 planned pts with followup through surgery. 15 pts had Gr 34 AEs (3 treatment related), one Gr 5 AE (sudden death) was unrelated. By RECIST there were 3 PR, 49 SD, and 2 PD. 50/54 pts underwent the planned surgery, 47 pts had MPR assessment: 4 pts discontinued study preop (2 radiographic PD, 2 other reasons); 3 were unresectable. Excluding 5 pts with EGFR or ALK mutations, MPR rate was 10/45 (22%, 95% CI 1137%). Baseline PDL1 status was evaluable in 44/54 pts; BEP included 31 pts, 23 had tissue PDL1 status: 16 PDL1+. We observed significant increases in natural killer (NK) cells, CD8+ Tcells, Th1response related dendritic cells (DC), and decreases in Bcells after atezo. NonMPR pts showed significant increases in late activated NK cells, monocytic myeloid cells and Th2 and Th17response-related DCs. PDL1+ pts showed significant decreases of senescent T cells, monocytic myeloid cells, and increases of Th1response-related DCs. We analyzed 22/54 tumor pairs, PDL1+ cells increased in most pts after atezo treatment. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant atezo was well tolerated and the MPR rate is encouraging. Preliminary immunophenotyping data showed significant changes in PB with immunotherapy.
Histologic predictors of treatment response to neoadjuvant PD-L1 inhibitor therapy in high-risk HPV-negative head and neck squamous cell carcinomas; Background: Pembrolizumab is an effective therapy in a subset of head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCC). An unmet need exists to define a biomarker-based approach to optimize patient selection. In lung cancer, limited evidence suggests that certain histologic features, such as solid type adenocarcinoma, may correlate with pathologic treatment response (PTR). Here, we perform an exploratory analysis to correlate histologic features in pre-treatment biopsies to PTR on subsequent resection specimens in surgically treated, high-risk HPV-negative HNSCC patients who received a single neoadjuvant dose (200 mg) of Pembrolizumab in a Phase II clinical trial. Design: The following histologic features were evaluated in pre-treatment primary tumor biopsies from 33 enrolled patients: tumor grade, nuclear anaplasia (nucleus 3x the size of adjacent tumor cells), multinucleation, mitoses (per 2mm2), necrosis, LVI, PNI, infiltrating lymphocytes, neutrophils or eosinophils, tumor budding (nests of <5 cells), stromal desmoplasia and histologic type. Worst pattern of invasion and depth of invasion could not be assessed (biopsy material). Previously reported PTR (defined as percent of the tumor bed showing treatment effect manifested as giant cell reaction to keratinous debris and/or necrosis) on the post-pembrolizumab surgical resection specimens was grouped as follows: 1) minimal/no response (<10% PTR), 2) moderate response (10-50% PTR), 3) significant response (>50% PTR). PTR in lymph node metastases (LN) and primary tumors (P) were scored separately. Results: PTR was observed in 30.3% in the P (4 moderate and 6 significant), in 27.3% in the LN (6 moderate and 3 significant) and in 45.5% in either site (7 moderate and 8 significant). All tumors were conventional HNSCCs except for 2 which were basaloid variants, both of which lacked PTR. Absence of stromal desmoplasia (seen in 12 cases, 60.0%) was the strongest predictor of PTR in both the P (p<0.001), LN (p=0.0276) or either site (p=0.004). Dense infiltrating lymphocytes (present in 9 cases, 28.1%) also correlated with PTR in the P and LN (p=0.0668 and p=0.0037, respectively). Low mitotic rate correlated with PTR in the P only (p=0.0371). Conclusions: Absence of stromal desmoplasia in the pre-treatment tumor was the strongest histologic predictor of PTR to Pembrolizumab. While the mechanism is unknown, it is possible that stromal desmoplasia inhibits drug delivery or immune cell access to tumor thus limiting its effectiveness.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus concurrent chemoradiation in stage II/III esophageal/gastroesophageal junction cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoradiation (cRT) prior to surgical resection in stage II/III esophageal/gastroesophageal junction (E/GEJ) cancer results in a complete pathologic response rate (pCR) of 20-30%. The appearance of favorable microenvironment features (enhanced tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, perivascular lymphocytes and tertiary lymphoid structures) after induction therapy in resected EC suggest early stage tumors may respond favorably to immune based therapy and in particular to PD-1 blockade when combined with cRT. Methods: In this pilot study, we administered 2 cycles of induction nivolumab (N) q2 weekly prior to standard of care carboplatin/paclitaxel/radiation plus 3 additional cycles of N on week 1, 3 and 5 of cRT. An Ivor- Lewis esophagectomy (E/MIE) was performed 6- 10 weeks after the last IO dose. The primary endpoints of the study were safety and feasibility. We also evaluated the pCR, survival and temporal dynamics of T cell receptor clonotypes. Results: Between August 2017 and July 2018, 16 patients were enrolled on study. Induction N and neoadjuvant N combined with cRT in stage II/III E/GEJ cancers has an acceptable toxicity profile and was not associated with delays in surgery. Toxicities of note include steroid responsive grade 3 dermatitis (1/16), grade 3 hepatitis (1/16) and no cases of pneumonitis. To date, 10 patients with E adenocarcinoma have had an E/MIE and the pCR is 4/10 (40%). T cell receptor sequencing of the tumor bed and serial peripheral blood T cells revealed high peripheral representation of tumorassociated T cells. In one notable case, the highest-frequency intratumoral clone decreased in frequency in the peripheral blood upon treatment and rapidly increased after surgical resection, potentially signifying trafficking to the tumor site. Conclusions: Induction N and N combined with cRT has limited side-effects, did not result in surgical delay or enhanced surgical morbidity/mortality and induced a pCR of 40% in stage II/III E/GEJ cancers. Additional efficacy data on the full cohort and more in depth correlative studies will be presented to validate systemic activation of anti-tumor T cell responses.
Biomarkers of immunotherapy response in rectal adenocarcinoma treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy; Background: Immunotherapy (IO) in combination with chemoradiotherapy (CRT) in the neoadjuvant treatment for locally advanced rectal adenocarcinoma (RAC) is an area of active clinical research. There are no well-defined biomarkers in RAC predicting response to neoadjuvant therapy. Increase in tumor PD-L1 expression and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) has been observed after neoadjuvant CRT which potentially enhances response to IO. We report herein expression of PD-L1 and CD8+ TIL and other biomarkers of immune activation including CXCL9, TIM3 (HAVCR2), IDO1, IFNG, IL17RE, LAG3 and OX40 (TNFRSF4) pre and post neoadjuvant CRT in RAC. Methods:We retrospectively evaluated 38 RAC patients from 20072016 treated with neoadjuvant CRT using 5FU based therapy. Pre and post CRT tissue samples were stained with VENTANA PD-L1 (SP263) rabbit monoclonal antibody to quantify PD-L1 expression. CD8+ TIL were recorded over one high power field (hpf) (40x objective) in the area of densest infiltrate. Additional biomarkers CXCL9, TIM3 (HAVCR2), IDO1, IFNG, IL17RE, LAG3 and OX40 (TNFRSF4) were assayed with RT-PCR. Independent sample and paired sample t-tests were used for statistical analysis of difference in biomarker expression. Relevant clinical endpoints including local relapse, distant metastases and survival were collected. Results: Median age was 60 years (range 32-87). Median follow up was 16.7 months (range 2.6-120.1). Median duration from completion of CRT to resection was 73 days (range 44-315). PD-L1 expression increased from 10% to 23% in pre-CRT versus post-CRT patients. CD8+ TIL increased in 30/39 (83%) patients with an average increase from 66.48 to 129.20 CD8+ TIL/hpf in the pre-CRT versus post-CRT setting. Using RT-PCR, a statistically significant increase in the expression of CXCL9, IFNG and OX40 (TNFRSF4) was found pre-CRT versus post-CRT using paired samples t-test. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant CRT for RAC increased PD-L1 expression and CD8+ TIL along with an increased expression of CXCL9, IFNG and OX40 (TNFRSF4). These data suggest a novel role for IO in neoadjuvant treatment of rectal cancer. Clinical outcome data on these patients will be presented.
Prognostic immune markers for recurrence and survival in locally advanced esophageal adenocarcinoma; Background: Treatment options and risk stratification for esophageal adenocarcinomas (EAC) primarily rely on clinical and pathological criteria, such as tumor stage and pathological response (PR) evaluation. However, with immunotherapy showing hints of activity in EAC there is an emerging need to develop new predictive biomarkers that will not only identify high-risk patients but also unlock novel therapeutic strategies. The aim of this study was to evaluate if LAG3, TIM3, IDO and CXCL9 gene expression along with pathological classifiers correlate with recurrence and/or death in EAC. Methods: Clinical and histopathology data on 49 resectable EAC patients was captured. Mean age at diagnosis was 64.2 years with a median follow up of 21.2 months. Laser capture microdissection followed by qRT-PCR was performed on pretreatment FFPE samples to quantify LAG3, TIM3, IDO and CXCL9 gene levels. Statistical tools established individual biomarker cutoffs and these were correlated with clinical outcomes. Results: For disease free survival, a best fit Cox model was generated consisting of PR (HR=9.54, 95% CI = 2.13 ∼ 42.62, p = .003), LAG3 (HR = 2.86, 95% CI = 1.03 ∼ 7.94, p = .044), and CXCL9 (HR = 0.40, 95% CI = 0.16 ∼ 0.99, p = .049). Moreover, the classification performance of the 3 predictor Cox model was deemed superior to PR alone; P = 0.0001 (Likelihood Ratio Test (LRT)) indicated strong significance in predictability with the recurrence model. For overall survival, a best fit Cox model was generated consisting of TIM3 (HR = 4.43, 95% CI= 1.70 ∼ 11.5, p = .002) PR (HR = 3.09, 95% CI= 1.00 ∼ 9.56, p = .051) and IDO (HR = 0.31, 95% CI = 0.11 ∼ 0.82, p = .019). Likewise, the classification performance of the 3 predictor Cox model was deemed superior to PR alone; P = 0.0004 (LRT) indicated strong significance in predictability with the survival model. Conclusions: LAG3, TIM3, IDO and CXCL9 expression in conjunction with PR to neoadjuvant therapy provide superior tools to predict recurrence and death in locally advanced EAC patients. Additionally, given the paucity of treatment options for esophageal cancer we must check for these markers early on in the disease course to better risk stratify patients and provide newer targets for novel treatments.
Correlation of PD-L1 Expression with Tumor Mutation Burden and Gene Signatures for Prognosis in Early-Stage Squamous Cell Lung Carcinoma; Objectives: Anti–programmed cell death 1 (PD-1)/programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) immunotherapy has demonstrated success in the treatment of advanced NSCLC. Recently, PD-1/PD-L1 blockade also has demonstrated interesting results in small trials of neoadjuvant treatment in stage IB to IIIA NSCLC. In addition, several clinical trials using anti–PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy as an adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment in patients with resectable stage NSCLC are ongoing. However, few analyses of anti–PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapy–related biomarkers in early-stage squamous cell lung carcinoma (SqCLC) have been reported. In this study, we evaluated PD-L1 protein expression, tumor mutation burden, and expression of an immune gene signature in early-stage SqCLC, providing data for identifying the potential role for patients with anti–PD-1/PD-L1 treatment in early-stage SqCLC. Methods: A total of 255 specimens from patients with early-stage SqCLC were identified within participating centers of the Strategic Partnering to Evaluate Cancer Signatures program. PD-L1 protein expression by immunohistochemistry was evaluated by using the Dako PD-L1 22C3 pharmDx kit on the Dako Link 48 auto-stainer (Dako, Carpinteria, CA). Tumor mutation burden (TMB) was calculated on the basis of data from targeted genome sequencing. The T-effector and interferon gamma (IFN-γ) gene signature was determined from Affymetrix gene chip data (Affymetrix, Santa Clara, CA) from frozen specimens. Results: The prevalence of PD-L1 expression was 9.8% at a tumor proportion score cutoff of at least 50%. PD-L1 mRNA and programmed cell death 1 ligand 2 mRNA positively correlated with PD-L1 protein expression on tumor cells (TCs) and tumor-infiltrating immune cells. PD-L1 protein expression on tumor-infiltrating immune cells was correlated with the T-effector and IFN-γ gene signature (p < 0.001), but not with TMB. For TCs, all of these biomarkers were independent of each other and neither PD-L1 protein expression, TMB, or T-effector and IFN-γ gene signatures were independently prognostic for patient outcomes. Conclusions: Evaluation of PD-L1 expression, TMB, and T-effector and IFN-γ gene signatures in the cohort with early-stage SqCLC found them to be independent of each other, and none was associated with overall survival. Our results also support the hypothesis that PD-L1 expression is regulated by an intrinsic mechanism on TCs and an adaptive mechanism on immune cells.
Immunotherapy in patients with early stage resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer; Purpose of review ‘Early-stage’ nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) refers to stage I and stage II disease, and selected cases of stage IIIA disease where complete tumor resection is feasible. Surgery is the standard treatment for early NSCLC, but the overall 5-year survival remains below 50%. The addition of adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy to surgery improved 5-year survival rates by 5–10%, but no significant therapeutic innovation has been established thereafter. We review recent and ongoing studies looking how immunotherapy may improve the outcome of these patients. Recent findings Antigen-specific immunotherapy (cancer vaccination) did not fulfill its promise in a large phase III randomized trial in completely resected early-stage NSCLC. Over the past few years, immunotherapy with immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI) has led to remarkable progress in nononcogene addicted metastatic NSCLC. We review ongoing clinical investigations that want to translate these benefits to earlier stages of NSCLC. Both adjuvant and neoadjuvant large randomized controlled trials with ICI are ongoing. Summary Although from a mechanistic perspective the neoadjuvant administration may be preferred, it is crucial that both adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials are recruited as planned, to have a balanced view how ICI therapy may ultimately improve cure rates in these patients.
Pembrolizumab in lung cancer: Current evidence and future perspectives; Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1 capable of enhancing antitumor immune activity. The KEYNOTE-001 study showed that pembrolizumab has activity in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients and identified programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) as a companion test to select patients most likely to benefit from pembrolizumab. Five randomized clinical trials showed the efficacy of pembrolizumab in non-small-cell lung cancer: in second-line setting PD-L1 ≥1% (KEYNOTE-010), in first-line setting PD-L1 ≥50% (KEYNOTE-024 and KEYNOTE-042) and in first-line setting in combination with platinum doublets, any expression of PD-L1 (KEYNOTE-189 and KEYNOTE-407). Future challenges are the identification of the role of pembrolizumab in adjuvant, neoadjuvant, locally advanced disease or oncogene-addicted patients, in combination with radiotherapy or other biological agents.
Randomized phase II neoadjuvant study: PD-1 inhibitor TSR-042 vs. combination PD-1 inhibitor TSR-042 and Tim-3 inhibitor TSR-022 in borderline resectable stage III or oligometastatic stage IV melanoma; Background Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade produces pathological responses in ∼30% of patients (pts) with high-risk resectable melanoma (MEL) with durable relapse-free benefit, and increased circulating activated CD8+ T cells (1,2). TIM-3 is an inhibitory immune checkpoint and mediates immune escape; blockade of which produces anti-tumor immune responses and synergizes with anti-PD-1 (3-5). TSR-042/dostarlimab is an IgG4 humanized monoclonal antibody that binds with high affinity to PD-1, inhibiting binding to PD-L1 and PD-L2. TSR-042 has been studied in patients with advanced non-small cell lung (NSCLC) and endometrial cancers with promising results (6). TSR-022 is an IgG4-k isotype humanized monoclonal antibody that binds with high affinity to TIM-3, thus enhancing T cell activity. TSR-042/TSR-022 combination has been studied in a phase I/II study that demonstrated promising efficacy of combination in PD-1 refractory melanoma and NSCLC (7). We hypothesized that neoadjuvant therapy with TSR-042/TSR-022 combination may improve pathologic response rates compared to TSR-042 monotherapy in high-risk resectable MEL. Methods Pts with regionally advanced (stage IIIB-D) or oligometastatic (stage IVA-B) melanoma who have yet to undergo definitive surgery are eligible. Primary endpoints are rate of major pathologic response (MPR), safety, and incidence of dose-limiting toxicities (DLT). Secondary endpoints are radiographic response, relapsefree survival (RFS) and overall survival (OS). Pathological response will be assessed depending on residual volume of tumor (RVT) using prior cutoffs: 0% (complete response, pCR); 0%<RVT< RVT50% (non-response, pNR) (8-10). Sample size is 28 patients per arm. Patients will receive neoadjuvant therapy for 6 weeks prior to planned surgery. Surgery will occur 1-3 weeks after completion of pre-operative therapy. After surgery, subjects will receive additional maintenance TSR-042 for approximately 48 weeks (Figure 1). Sample size provides 80% power to detect an improvement of 30% upon MPR rate of 30% with anti-PD-1 monotherapy.
Multivariate survival analysis reveals RAD51 protein as a superior prognostic factor compared to tumour infiltrating lymphocytes and PD-L1 expression in patients with resected non-small-cell lung carcinoma; Background & Objectives: DNA repair proteins have emerged as potential predictors for immunotherapy response alongside PD-L1 expression, tumour-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) and tumour mutational burden. The aim of the study was to analyse immunotherapy relevant alterations in PD-L1 expression in tumour cells and in TILs; TIL count; expression of the major homologous recombination (HR) protein RAD51; and their potential prognostic value in patients with resected non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). Methods: Tissue microarrays from 96 NSCLC patients from the University Hospital Olomouc, Czech Republic (training set) and from 1109 NSCLC patients from University Hospital Zurich, Switzerland (validation set), were stained by standard immunohistochemistry, using antibodies against: RAD51; T cell markers - CD3 and CD8; macrophage marker - CD68; and PD-L1. H-score for nuclear RAD51 and quantitative scores for total (tumour + stromal) CD3, CD8 and CD68 were calculated. PD-L1 expression was scored according to the guidelines of European Thoracic Oncology Platform. Results: Low number of CD3, CD8, CD68 and PD-L1 positive TILs, and loss of nuclear RAD51 (H-score ≤ .10) were associated with poor overall (OS) and progression free (PFS) survivals. Low tumoural PD-L1 was associated with poor PFS in patients treated with neoadjuvant chemo-/ radiotherapy (n=99). Multivariate analysis revealed that loss of RAD51 protein is an independent negative prognostic factor for PFS in training set (HR=1.8) and for PFS (HR=0.7) and OS (HR=0.7) in the validation set. All p values are <0.05 Conclusion: RAD51 immunohistochemical expression in tumour tissue is a strong and independent prognostic factor in patients with resected NSCLC and may complement PD-L1 and TIL for patients receiving immune checkpoint inhibitors. Further studies on RAD51 immunoexpression in patients with NSCLC is justified, particularly patients receiving immunotherapy.
Peripheral T cell dynamics in resectable NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade; Background Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade has recently been shown to induce major pathologic responses (MPRs) and delay time to relapse in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)[1]. While the role of tumor-specific T cells in facilitating tumor regression has been demonstrated in advanced NSCLC, it is unknown how neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade affects the anti-tumor T cell repertoire and how these factors correlate with clinical outcome. The neoadjuvant setting provides a unique opportunity to evaluate T cell mobility into the tumor and other tissues after checkpoint blockade, which is challenging in studies of patients with metastatic disease. Methods Patients with resectable NSCLC were treated with neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade (NCT02259621). T cell receptor (TCR) sequencing was performed on pre- and post-treatment tissues, bulk serial peripheral blood samples, and pre-treatment blood sorted for PD-1 expression. Whole exome sequencing and neoantigen prediction was performed on pre-treatment tumor biopsies and matched normal lung tissue. Peripheral dynamics of intratumoral T cell clonotypes, as well as enrichment of TCR motifs were evaluated. The associations of T cell dynamics and neoantigen recognition with MPRs and recurrence-free survival were assessed. Results Substantial alterations in the T cell repertoire and influx of peripheral T cell clonotypes into tumor tissue, normal lung, and lymph nodes were observed following PD-1 treatment. Peripheral TCR responses were independent of MPR status. T cell clonality in the resected tumorposttreatment tissue positively correlated with pre-treatment tumor mutational burden and negatively correlated with percent residual tumor. Tumor infiltrating clonotypes underwent dynamic peripheral remodeling on-treatment; the magnitude of clonal reshaping was significantly higher than clonotypes not found in the tumor. Tumor-infiltrating clonotypes that were also detected in the peripheral blood were of significantly higher frequency than those only present in the tumor. Notably, an anergic/monoclonal anti-tumor TCR repertoire was observed in a patient with KRAS/STK11 co-mutations and an early relapse after PD-1 blockade. Analyses of the dynamics of T cell clonotypes with differential PD-1 expression is ongoing. Conclusions Significant and systemic alterations exist in the peripheral anti-tumor T cell repertoire in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade. The periphery represents a vital biological compartment for the anti-tumor immune response.
SAKK 16/14: Durvalumab in Addition to Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Patients with Stage IIIA(N2) NSCLC — A Multicenter Single-Arm Phase II Trial; Background: Improving the outcome of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the major challenges in thoracic oncology. SAKK substantially contributed to establish a standard of care for patients with stage III NSCLC: The trial SAKK 16/96 established neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin and docetaxel. The randomized trial SAKK 16/00 showed no benefit by adding neoadjuvant radiotherapy as third treatment modality. Our results consistently showed a 5-year overall survival (OS) of 37%. Recently, the PACIFIC trial showed significantly improved progression-free survival for durvalumab as consolidation therapy after definitive chemoradiotherapy in unresectable stage III NSCLC. Method: This is a single-arm phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate the addition of perioperative immunotherapy with durvalumab to the previously established standard of care for stage IIIA(N2) patients. Eligible patients with WHO performance status 0-1 and age of 18-75 years must have pathologically proven NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0) according to the 7th edition of the TNM classification, irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Tumor tissue has to be available for the mandatory translational research. Patients whose tumor is deemed resectable at diagnosis receive three cycles of chemotherapy with cisplatin 100 mg/m2 and docetaxel 85 mg/m2every three weeks followed by two cycles of durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks. Following surgery, patients will be treated with durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks for 12 months. The primary endpoint of the trial is event-free survival at 12 months. Secondary endpoints include OS, objective response, nodal down-staging, complete resection, pattern of recurrence and toxicity. Additionally, a large translation research program accompanies the trial investigating potential predictive biomarkers of anti-PD-L1 therapy. Based on the data of first 25 operated patients and given that the results showed that their 30-day post-operative mortality is less than 10%, according to the decision rule described in the protocol of the trial there is no reason for further detailed safety analysis (evaluated by an IDMC) and thus shall continue as per protocol. Result: “Section not applicable" Conclusion: “Section not applicable" Keywords: neoadjuvant immunotherapy, Stage IIIA, immune checkpoint inhibitor
Phase II Trial of Atezolizumab Before and After Chemoradiation for Unresectable Stage III NSCLC (AFT-16): Trial in Progress; Background: Cure is possible for a substantial minority of stage III NSCLC patients, but most will relapse after conventional chemoradiation (CRT). Combining checkpoint inhibition through PD-L1 blockade with CRT may attenuate tumor related immunosuppression via depletion of Tregs and clonal expansion of effector T-cells, thereby improving tumor immunogenicity. Further, CRT may reveal hidden antigens that can present additional targets to the reconstituting immune system. Whether anti-PD-L1 therapy before CRT will improve outcomes in this setting is the subject of this trial. Method: This phase II single arm Alliance Foundation Trials study (AFT-16, NCT03102242) explores safety and efficacy of atezolizumab before and after definitive CRT. 63 patients with stage III NSCLC, PS 0-1, no active autoimmune disease and no significant organ dysfunction will enroll at 15 Alliance sites. Participants receive 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg IV q 21 days with restaging after cycles 2 and 4. Non-progressing patients undergo carboplatin and paclitaxel (C/P) weekly with 60 Gy RT followed by 2 cycles of C/P consolidation and adjuvant atezolizumab to complete one year of therapy. The primary endpoint is disease control rate (CR+PR+SD) after neoadjuvant atezolizumab. Secondary endpoints include ORR, PFS, OS, safety and QoL by the EORTC QLQ-30. Correlatives include the role of PD-L1 and tumor mutation burden as predictive biomarkers. Tumor tissue is obtained at study entry, and plasma and immune cells are isolated at study entry, post neoadjuvant atezolizumab, post CRT, during adjuvant atezolizumab and at study end. Explorative endpoints include potential predictive biomarkers development that may define how atezolizumab affects the proportions of immunologic subtypes and immune activation using flow cytometry and T cell receptor immunophenotyping, multiplex immunohistochemistry and cytokine analysis. The trial was activated on 11/1/17. As of 5/4/18, the trial is open at 8 centers with 14 patients enrolled. Result: Section not applicable Conclusion: Section not applicable Keywords: Stage III NSCLC, neoadjuvant immunotherapy, clinical trial [Figure presented]
CheckMate 816: A Phase 3 Trial of Neoadjuvant Nivolumab Plus Ipilimumab or Chemotherapy vs Chemotherapy in Early-Stage NSCLC; Background: Approximately 20–25% of patients with NSCLC are diagnosed with early or localized disease, which has a relapse rate of 30–80% with surgery. Although neoadjuvant chemotherapy can reduce the risk of relapse, it only provides a pathological complete response (pCR; no viable tumor cells) rate of 4%. The neoadjuvant setting presents abundant tumor-associated neoantigens derived from the primary tumor that may allow immunotherapy to prime a long-lasting immune response. Clinical trial results support the use of immuno-oncology agents as neoadjuvant treatment for early-stage NSCLC. In a pilot study in patients with untreated, surgically resectable early-stage (stage I–IIIA) NSCLC, nivolumab (a fully human PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitor antibody) administered as neoadjuvant treatment (3 mg/kg for 2 cycles during the 4 weeks prior to surgery) induced a pCR in 10% of patients and a major pathological response (MPR; ≤10% residual viable tumor cells in resected primary tumor) in 45% of patients, did not delay surgery, and was associated with an acceptable safety profile. Combining immuno-oncology agents with distinct mechanisms of action, such as PD-1 and CTLA-4 inhibitors, offers the possibility of a synergistic response and may improve antitumor activity compared with either agent alone. The combination of an immuno-oncology agent and chemotherapy may also offer synergistic activity, given that chemotherapy results in tumor cell death and subsequent antigen release that can activate an immune response. Promising results have been noted with nivolumab plus ipilimumab (a CTLA-4 immune checkpoint inhibitor antibody) and nivolumab plus chemotherapy in patients with treatment-naïve stage IIIB/IV NSCLC in the multicohort phase 1 CheckMate 012 study. CheckMate 816 (NCT02998528) is a phase 3 study evaluating nivolumab plus ipilimumab, nivolumab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy, and platinum-doublet chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for early-stage NSCLC. Method: Approximately 642 patients aged ≥18 years with early-stage (stages IB–IIIA) resectable NSCLC, ECOG performance status 0–1, pulmonary function capable of tolerating lung resection, and available lung tumor tissue will be enrolled in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa. Patients are ineligible if they have active autoimmune disease or had received prior treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors. Patients will be randomized (1:1:1) to receive neoadjuvant nivolumab plus ipilimumab, nivolumab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy, or platinum-doublet chemotherapy. Primary endpoints are event-free survival and pCR. Key secondary endpoints are overall survival and MPR (<10% residual tumor in lung and lymph nodes). The start date was January 2017. The estimated primary completion date is May 2023. Result: Section not applicable Conclusion: Section not applicable Keywords: neoadjuvant, Nivolumab, NSCLC
PD-L1 Expression is Predominant in CD68+ Tumor-Associated Macrophages in Stage I-III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancers; Background: PD-L1 tumor expression is a leading biomarker in metastatic non-small lung cancer (NSCLC). Its role and expression in surgically resectable lung cancers is not yet defined. The association between PD-L1 expression on tumor and CD68+ tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) and the inflammatory cells within the tumor microenvironment continues to be studied. We analyzed 97 surgically resected lung cancers utilizing immunofluorescence profiling and flow cytometry (n=47) with the aim of defining PD-L1 expression and its association with tumor inflammatory cells. Method: Multiplex immunofluorescence profiling of lung cancers was performed with the focus on malignant cells (MC), MC PD-L1%, CD3+, CD8+, PD-1+ cells, CD68+, CD68+ PD-L1%, and CD20+ cells. Data on cell populations were expressed as the number of cells per mm2, PD-L1 expression as percentage. Flow cytometry was performed on freshly disaggregated tumor samples. The associations of cell populations with clinical and pathologic characteristics were assessed using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient and Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Result: 97 patients, 55 (57%) female and 42 (43%) male, with median tumor size 4.0 cm underwent surgical resection for pathologic stage I (N=39), stage II (N=34), and stage III (N=24) NSCLC. 85 (88%) were former smokers, 12 (12%) never smokers. 62 (65%) had adenocarcinoma, 25 (25%) squamous cell carcinoma, 10 (10%) other histology. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy was administered in 16 (16%) patients. R0 resection was achieved in 89 (92%) patients. At the median follow-up duration of 16 months, 18 patients experienced recurrence. CD68+ cells were less abundant than MC within tumor environment (median 120 cell/mm2 vs 4699, p<0.0001). However, PD-L1% expression was significantly higher on CD68+ vs MC within the tumor (median 33% vs 0.02%, p<0.0001); this was true for all stages. CD68+ PD-L1% in SCC was higher compared to adenocarcinoma (median 55% vs 30%, p=0.26). Induction chemotherapy increased CD68+ PD-L1% (median 31% no chemo vs 58%, p=0.05) without affecting the proportion of effector CD8+ TIL expressing its receptor, PD-1 (p=0.757). Tumors with > median CD68+ PD-L1% expression were associated with higher CD3+ (p=0.006), CD8+ (p=0.06), and CD68+ (p=0.004) cell numbers within the tumor. Conclusion: In early NSCLC PD-L1% expression appears to be predominant in CD68+ TAMs rather than in malignant cells. Higher than median PD-L1% expression on CD68+ is associated with increased in CD3+ and CD8+ T cells. Further studies are required to understand the role of CD68+PD-L1 cells within tumor microenvironment, the influence of neoadjuvant chemotherapy or immunotherapy regimens on these cells, and their effect on outcomes. Keywords: Immunoprofiling, non-small cell lung cancer, tumor-associated macrophage
Neoadjuvant Therapy; Currently, neoadjuvant cytototic and radiation therapies are used in standard of care surgically resectable non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) aiming to improve recurrence free and overall survivals after surgical resection. There is no prospectively conducted clinical trial addressing the role of the pathological response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in lung cancer. A pathology-based retrospective study demonstrated that a major pathological response (MPR) defined as ≤10% viable malignant cells correlated with significantly improved disease free and overall survival in patients with stages II and III NSCLCs [1]. Importantly, pathological response did not correlate with tumor size changes determined by CT imaging [2]. This study utilized a systematic sampling with serial sections through a resected tumor followed by averaging. Unfortunately, despite the proposals by Pataer et al [1] and modified by Hellman et al [3], there are not established validated protocols and guidelines to process surgical resected tumors and assess pathological response in NSCLC after neoadjuvant therapy. Recently, with the advent of immunotherapy in lung cancer, several phase II and III clinical trials are ongoing assessing the benefit of PD-L1/PD-1 immune checkpoints blockade in the neoadjuvant setting. Several of these immunotherapy clinical trials adopted the chemotherapy MPR criteria of ≤10% viable cells as endpoint, while others are using recurrence rate. Early results in a limited number of patients has up to 45% MPR when treated with anti-PD-1 therapy and several cases showed of complete response [4]. However, as for chemotherapy, for immunotherapy there is no validated operational standard procedures (OSP) or guidelines on how best process the tumor gross specimens and to microscopically assess pathological response. There are several ongoing initiatives in the pathology community to establish these guidelines with participation of the multidisciplinary lung cancer care team. References [1] A. Pataer, N. Kalhor, A.M. Correa, M.G. Raso, J.J. Erasmus, E.S. Kim, C. Behrens, J.J. Lee, J.A. Roth, D.J. Stewart, A.A. Vaporciyan, Wistuba, II, S.G. Swisher, Histopathologic Response Criteria Predict Survival of Patients with Resected Lung Cancer After Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy, J Thorac Oncol 7(5) (2012) 825-832. [2] W.N. William, Jr., A. Pataer, N. Kalhor, A.M. Correa, D.C. Rice, Wistuba, II, J. Heymach, J.J. Lee, E.S. Kim, R. Munden, K.A. Gold, V. Papadimitrakopoulou, S.G. Swisher, J.J. Erasmus, Computed tomography RECIST assessment of histopathologic response and prediction of survival in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, J Thorac Oncol 8(2) (2013) 222-8. [3] M.D. Hellmann, J.E. Chaft, W.N. William, Jr., V. Rusch, K.M. Pisters, N. Kalhor, A. Pataer, W.D. Travis, S.G. Swisher, M.G. Kris, Pathological response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancers: proposal for the use of major pathological response as a surrogate endpoint, Lancet Oncol 15(1) (2014) e42-50. [4] P.M. Forde, J.E. Chaft, K.N. Smith, V. Anagnostou, T.R. Cottrell, M.D. Hellmann, M. Zahurak, S.C. Yang, D.R. Jones, S. Broderick, R.J. Battafarano, M.J. Velez, N. Rekhtman, Z. Olah, J. Naidoo, K.A. Marrone, F. Verde, H. Guo, J. Zhang, J.X. Caushi, H.Y. Chan, J.W. Sidhom, R.B. Scharpf, J. White, E. Gabrielson, H. Wang, G.L. Rosner, V. Rusch, J.D. Wolchok, T. Merghoub, J.M. Taube, V.E. Velculescu, S.L. Topalian, J.R. Brahmer, D.M. Pardoll, Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade in Resectable Lung Cancer, N Engl J Med (2018).
Histopathologic Parameters Define Features of Treatment Response to Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer; Background: Previous studies indicate that neoadjuvant chemotherapy improves survival in patients with loco-regionally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The amount of residual viable tumor has been associated with long-term overall survival. This histopathologic measure has potential to become a standard method for evaluation of the effectiveness of neoadjuvant therapy regimens. However, adequate comparison of chemotherapy-treated and untreated lung cancers is lacking. We analyzed histopathologic characteristics of resected NSCLC with and without prior neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Method: Histopathologic assessment was performed of specimens obtained from patients enrolled on the immunogenomic lung cancer study (ICON), which integrates clinical, pathologic, immune, genomic and outcome data from surgically resected NSCLC. Cases included material from 10 patients who underwent neoadjuvant chemotherapy and 10 patients treated with primary surgery (adenocarcinoma, n=5; squamous cell carcinoma, n=5; for each cohort). Hematoxylin and eosin-stained tumor sections (mean, 6; range, 3-10) were evaluated and semiquantitatively scored for parameters commonly attributed to treatment response. The percentage of viable tumor was estimated by comparison to the proportion of fibrosis and necrosis on each slide. Additional parameters analyzed included the presence of inflammation, tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS), macrophages, lymphovascular invasion (LVI), cholesterol clefts, giant cells and neovascularization (score 0-3). For each patient, the results for all slides were averaged to determine a mean value. P values were calculated using the Mann-Whitney test. Result: All histopathologic parameters typically associated with treatment response could also be identified in untreated specimens, albeit in different proportions. Compared to the untreated cohort, samples after chemotherapy were characterized by lower proportion of viable tumor (42.4% vs 67.7%, p=0.04) and higher degrees of fibrosis (46.6% vs 26.6%, p=0.08), and necrosis (11.0 % vs 5.6%, p=0.35). Among the additional parameters, similar scores were seen for inflammation (1.54 vs 1.46, p=0.60), TLS (1.00 vs 0.80, p=0.47), LVI (0.16 vs 0.23, p=0.62), and neovascularization (both 0) while macrophages (0.94 vs 0.12, p=0.20), cholesterol clefts (0.92 vs 0.13, p= 0.03) and giant cells (0.80 vs 0.40, p=0.17) were more common among the neoadjuvant cohort. Conclusion: Histopathologic variables commonly associated with chemotherapy treatment response can also be identified in treatment naïve lung cancers. However, the amount of viable tumor, fibrosis and cholesterol clefts are parameters strongly associated with neoadjuvant therapy. These results highlight the importance of assessing the type and extent of treatment response. Analysis of larger patient cohorts will reveal potential prognostic value in primary tumors, chemotherapy-treated, and eventually immunotherapy-treated tumors. Keywords: NSCLC; chemotherapy; pathology
Phase II Study of Neo-Adjuvant Chemo/Immunotherapy for Resectable Stages IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer- Nadim Study-SLCG; Background: The combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy (CT-IO) has a high response rate and longer survival in unselected patients (pts) with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). There are no data about this combination in the neoadjuvant setting. Method: A Phase II, single-arm, open-label multicenter study of local-advanced resectable stage IIIA N2-NSCLC adult patients with CT plus IO (nivolumab (NV)) followed by adjuvant treatment for 1 year. Neoadjuvant treatment: Three cycles of NV 360mg IV Q3W + paclitaxel 200mg/m2 + carboplatin AUC 6 IV Q3W. After completing neoadjuvant therapy, tumor assessment is performed in patients prior to surgery. Surgery is performed in the 3rd or 4th week after day 21 of the third cycle of neoadjuvant treatment. Adjuvant treatment: NV 240mg IV Q2W for 4 months and NV 480mg IV Q4W for 8 months (total one year) after surgical resection. The study aims to recruit 46 pts. The primary endpoint is Progression-Free Survival (PFS) at 24 months. Efficacy is explored using objective pathologic response criteria. We present preliminary data on patients that completed 3 cycles and underwent surgical resection. Result: At the time of submission, 46 pts had been included and 20 underwent surgery. CT-IO was well-tolerated and surgery was not delayed in any patient. None of the pts was withdrawn from the study preoperatively due to progression or toxicity. Twenty surgeries had been performed and all tumors were deemed resectable. The overall clinical response rate was 5% complete (CR) and 65% PR. The pathological response evaluated after surgery: 13 cases (65.0%) achieved CR (CPR) (95% CI 40.8-84.6%), and 3 (15.0%) had a major pathologic response (MPR), defined as <10% viable tumor cells in the resection specimen. Considering both CPR and MPR, the overall response rate was 80.0% (95% CI 56.3-94.3%) and 60% of complete responses were unsuspected Conclusion: This is the first multicentric study testing CT-IO in the neoadjuvant setting with promising antitumor activity in locally advanced, potentially resectable NSCLC yields an unprecedented complete pathologic response rate. The data will be updated at the time of the congress. EudraCT Number: 2016-003732-20 Keywords: chemo/inmmunotherapy, neoadjuvant, NSCLC
Optimizing Clinical Trial Designs in Immunotherapy; Anti-PD (L)1 therapy is part of the standard of care approaches in 1st line and 2nd line therapy for NSCLC either as monotherapy (1) or in combination with chemotherapy (2) and has shown benefit for a subset of NSCLC defined as tumors with high tumor mutation burden (TMB) in combination with anti-CTLA4 therapy (3). Several questions remain though about how to optimally integrate immunotherapy in the standard of care setting. These include questions on the optimal biomarker testing, questions on whether immunotherapy should be sequenced with chemotherapy, optimal duration of therapy and the role of maintenance therapy and finally and most importantly evaluation of novel regimens for tumors that either refractory to immunotherapy or acquire resistance. Clinical trials with targeted therapy have demonstrated the power of biomarker integration in clinical trial design in settings where a matched driver mutation and a targeted therapy addressing that mutation is used. It is therefore envisioned that as novel biology emerges we will be able to characterize tumors and their microenvironment and define subsets that would be predicted to benefit from rational combinations. New trial design mandates partitioning patients into more select, precise populations, and identification of these unique groups requires clinical trials to evolve quickly to provide clinically relevant outcomes Therefore clinical trial designs that are envisioned to accelerate knowledge and expand the benefit to larger patient populations include: a)clinical trials in early NSCLC-neoadjuvant therapy providing the advantage of obtaining surgical specimens for biological correlates and potentially enhancing the cure rates b)Biopsy driven-clinical trials where biopsies are obtained pre and on therapy and possibly at progression to characterize biologic correlates of response or resistance c) umbrella clinical trials which allow for simultaneous enrollment of several subsets of patients and allocation to appropriate therapies. This latter category allows for modular designs with ineffective agents being replaced by more potent agents based on smaller signal-seeking studies. This paradigm is well represented by the LUNG-MAP (SWOG S1400) study using a multidrug, targeted screening approach to match patients in one of multiple trial substudies, each testing a different drug. This study, has recently incorporated a major focus for immunotherapy-resistant tumors and a new platform has been integrated in this public-private collaboration between the National Cancer Institute, academic institutions, and private industry (4). For the design of randomized phase III studies using overall survival (OS) as the primary endpoint, there is a shift from the conventional approach based on a proportional hazards model to those that account for the unique survival kinetics observed in immuno-oncology trials, such as long-term survival and delayed clinical effect. References: 1.Garon EB, Rizvi NA, Hui R, Leighl N, Balmanoukian AS, Eder JP, Patnaik A, Aggarwal C, Gubens M, Horn L, Carcereny E, Ahn MJ, Felip E, Lee JS, Hellmann MD, Hamid O, Goldman JW, Soria JC, Dolled-Filhart M, Rutledge RZ, Zhang J, Lunceford JK, Rangwala R, Lubiniecki GM, Roach C, Emancipator K, Gandhi L; KEYNOTE-001 Investigators. Pembrolizumab for the treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer. N Engl J Med. 2015 May 21;372(21):2018-28. https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa1501824. Epub 2015 Apr 19. 2. Gandhi L, Rodríguez-Abreu D, Gadgeel S, Esteban E, Felip E, De Angelis F, Domine M, Clingan P, Hochmair MJ, Powell SF, Cheng SY, Bischoff HG, Peled N, Grossi F, Jennens RR, Reck M, Hui R, Garon EB, Boyer M, Rubio-Viqueira B, Novello S, Kurata T, Gray JE, Vida J, Wei Z, Yang J, Raftopoulos H, Pietanza MC, Garassino MC; KEYNOTE-189 Investigators. Pembrolizumab plus Chemotherapy in Metastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.N Engl J Med. 2018 May 31;378(22):2078-2092. https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa1801005. Epub 2018 Apr 16. 3. Hellmann MD, Ciuleanu TE, Pluzanski A, Lee JS, Otterson GA, Audigier-Valette C, Minenza E, Linardou H, Burgers S, Salman P, Borghaei H, Ramalingam SS, Brahmer J, Reck M, O’Byrne KJ, Geese WJ, Green G, Chang H, Szustakowski J, Bhagavatheeswaran P, Healey D, Fu Y, Nathan F, Paz-Ares L. Nivolumab plus Ipilimumab in Lung Cancer with a High Tumor Mutational Burden. N Engl J Med. 2018 May 31;378(22):2093-2104. https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa1801946. Epub 2018 Apr 16. 4. LUNG-MAP. lung-map.org/about-lung-map. Accessed June 17, 2018 Keywords: Clinical trial design, immunotherapy
Neoadjuvant Atezolizumab in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Updated Results from a Multicenter Study (LCMC3); Background: Cisplatin-based chemotherapy, before or after surgery, provides only a 5% benefit in 5yr. OS in resectable NSCLC. A 20 patient study (NEJM April 2018) showed that preoperative immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy yielded a clinically meaningful major pathologic response rate (MPR ≤10% residual viable tumor cells) and did not delay or complicate surgery. This large multicenter trial measures MPR and biomarkers of benefit using neoadjuvant atezolizumab (atezo) [NCT02927301]. Method: We planned 2 cycles of atezo (1200mg, days 1, 22) in patients with stages IB -selected IIIB resectable NSCLC prior to surgical resection (day 40 +/- 10). Chest CT, PET were planned pre-atezo and presurgery to assess response. Primary tumor +/- node biopsies and blood samples were obtained before atezo and presurgery for biomarker studies. The primary endpoint was MPR. Secondary endpoints included safety, response by PD-L1, OS, and DFS. Result: For this updated efficacy and safety analysis (Feb'18 datacut), we report first 54 of 180 planned pts: 29 males, median age 65 yr, all ECOG 0-1; 17 current, 33 former smokers; 35 non-squamous NSCLC; clinical stages Ib/IIa/IIb/IIIa/IIIb = 5/11/13/20/5. Two pts received one dose of atezo due to treatment related AE (Gr 1 pyrexia, Gr 2 dyspnea) but underwent uncomplicated resection with MPR assessment. There was 1 unrelated Gr 5 AE (sudden cardiac death post surgical resection), 16 Gr 3-4 AEs (3 treatment related). Surgery was delayed in 1 pt due to Gr3 pneumonitis. By RECIST, 3 pts had PR, and 49 had SD. 50 pts underwent surgery and 47 pts had MPR assessment: 2 pts discontinued study preop due to radiographic PD and 2 discontinued due to other reasons; 3 pts had unresectable disease. MPR rate was 10/50 (20%, 95% CI 10-34%) including 3 pts who had pCR (no viable tumor cells) in the primary tumor. Excluding 5 pts who had known driver mutations (4 EGFR+, 1 ALK+), MPR rate was 10/45 (22%, 95% CI 11-37%). PD-L1 status was evaluable in 44/54 pts; 8/10 pts with MPR had PD-L1+ status and 2 had unknown PD-L1 status; 8/28 PDL-1 (+) patients had MPR (29%). Conclusion: In a multicenter study, neoadjuvant atezo was well tolerated. MPR rate is encouraging. Clinical and pathological responses are often discordant. Correlative analyses on pre- and post atezo tissues are ongoing. Preliminary correlative analyses in blood samples are included in a separate abstract. Keywords: neoadjuvant atezolizumab, NSCLC
Treatment Patterns and Outcomes of Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Real World Evidence of How our Patients Fare; Background: Most patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) develop metastases and succumb to their cancer. New treatment strategies, including concurrent chemo–RT (cCRT) followed by adjuvant immunotherapy, are improving outcomes, but need to be contextualized with real world data. In this study, we described population-based treatment patterns and outcomes for stage III NSCLC in a large Canadian province. Method: Through the provincial cancer registry, patients diagnosed with stage III NSCLC from April 1st 2010 to March 31st 2015 were identified. Using electronic medical records and administrative claims, stage III patients were merged with treatment and survival information. Patient characteristics, treatment patterns, and outcomes were analyzed. Result: 6,438 patients were diagnosed with NSCLC, including 1,151 (17.9%) with stage III disease. Median age at diagnosis was 70 years (22–94); 50.2% were male. The majority were stage IIIA (61.2%); the remainder was stage IIIB (36.4%) or unspecified (2.4%). Most patients received palliative RT (32.8%), supportive care until progression (24.8%), or palliative chemotherapy (14.8%) as initial treatments. Relatively few underwent cCRT (11.7%) or trimodality therapy (1.7%). Resection was performed on 14.8% of patients. Within the resected cohort, the majority (47.6%) did not receive further perioperative treatment, while others had surgery as part of trimodality (11.2%) or alongside perioperative chemotherapy (37.1%). Overall, the median OS (mOS) was 13.3 months (0–NR). Initial treatment strategy predicted outcomes (p< 0.05). Patients who underwent cCRT had mOS of 23.8 months (1.1–not reached [NR]). mOS for patients who initially received palliative chemotherapy or RT was 11.1 months (0.3–NR), and 6.2 (0–NR) with supportive care (Figure 1). Conclusion: Treatment rates for cCRT and trimodality therapy in our cohort appear lower than expected despite evidence supporting the benefits of these strategies. Use of other treatment options was associated with poorer outcomes. Keywords: outcomes, Treatments, NSCLC Figure 1: Kaplan–Meier curves for stage III NSCLC stratified by treatment class [Figure presented]
Neoantigen Targeting and T Cell Reshaping in Resectable NSCLC Patients Treated with Neoadjuvant PD-1 Blockade; Background: PD-1 blockade is now standard treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and has recently shown impressive efficacy in promoting major pathologic response (MPR) and delaying relapse in the neoadjuvant setting. The role of tumor mutational burden, and specifically T cells targeting neoantigens derived from these mutations, in facilitating tumor clearance has been demonstrated in advanced NSCLC. However, it is unknown how neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade impacts the frequency and function of tumor specific T cells and their ability to promote major pathologic response, or how these factors may synergize to prevent or delay relapse after surgical resection. Method: Whole exome sequencing and neoantigen prediction was performed on pre-treatment tumor biopsies and matched normal tissue from 11 patients with resectable NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant nivolumab as part of a clinical trial (NCT02259621). T cell recognition of peptides representing candidate neoantigens was evaluated using the MANAFEST assay, which identifies T cell receptor clonotypes corresponding to antigen specificities. T cell receptor sequencing was additionally performed on serial peripheral blood T cells, pre-treatment tumor biopsies, and resected post-treatment tissues. A bioinformatic platform was developed to evaluate the dynamics of intratumoral T cell clonotypes, and more specifically neoantigen-specific clonotypes detected before, during, and after treatment and during long-term follow-up. Result: High-magnitude, polyclonal neoantigen-specific T cell responses were detected in the peripheral blood and persisted for many months after surgical resection and cessation of treatment. Binding to and stability with cognate HLA I molecules was validated for reactive neoantigens. Significant treatment-induced systemic perturbations in the tumor-specific T cell repertoire and an influx of peripheral T cell clonotypes into tumor tissue and lymph nodes was observed in patients regardless of pathologic response, whereas peripheral clonotypic reshaping of the anti-tumor repertoire and intratumoral T cell clonality were associated with MPR status. Conclusion: We show significant and systemic alterations in the peripheral anti-tumor T cell repertoire in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 regardless of MPR status. Notwithstanding, the impaired restructuring of the anti-tumor T cell repertoire in patients without MPR highlights a potential immunological deficiency to overcome in future therapeutic approaches aiming to increase the MPR rate in NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade. Keywords: neoantigen recognition, T cell dynamics during checkpoint blockade, Neoadjuvant checkpoint blockade in NSCLC
Comprehensive Peripheral Blood Immunophenotyping and T-Cell Clonal Analysis During Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy with Atezolizumab in NSCLC; Background: Immune-checkpoint blockade targeting PD-L1/PD-1 to activate anti-tumor immunity is associated with improved response rates and survival compared to chemotherapy in selected metastatic NSCLC patients. Evaluation of the pre-therapeutic immune profile and its treatment-related evolution associated with clinical benefit will guide future immunotherapy development and support clinical decision-making. Here, we present an analysis of peripheral blood (PB) immunophenotyping and T-cell-receptor (TCR) clonality before and after immunotherapy from an ongoing 180-patient phase II study of atezolizumab as neoadjuvant therapy with stage IB-IIIB resectable NSCLC (NCT02927301; LCMC3). Method: As of February 5th datacut, the first 54 enrolled and dosed patients are presented. The biomarker evaluable population (BEP) further subset to patients with paired PB samples analyzed within 72 hours after collection and a major pathological response (MPR) assessment. Comprehensive immune cell phenotyping (10-color flow cytometry, IMMUNOME) and TCR-Vß-analysis by flow cytometry were performed. Immunoprofile analyses were correlated with atezolizumab treatment, pathological response and PD-L1 expression. Result: In this ongoing analysis, BEP included 31 patients. 5 patients (16%, 95% CI (5%, 34%)) had a MPR; all of which stained positive for PD-L1 by IHC using 22C3 (TPS≥1%) and SP142 (PD-L1 expression on ≥1% tumor cells (TC) and/or tumor infiltrating immune cells (IC)) at baseline. We observed significant increases in natural killer (NK) cells (p=0.005) and CD8+ T-cells (p=0.031) and a Th1-response related dendritic cell (DC) subpopulation (p=0.031) and significant decreases in B-cells (p=0.015) after treatment. Patients who achieved MPR show lower baseline levels of degranulated CD8+ T-cells (p=0.015), late-activated NK-cells (p=0.043), memory CD4+ (p=0.048) and memory CD8+ T-cells (p=0.032); changes in PB NK-cells (p=0.041), a decrease in M-MDSCs and a Th-2 and Th-17-response related DC subpopulation (p=0.043) in response to treatment were noted in patients with MPR versus non-MPR. Among the 16 patients with TC/IC 1/2/3 (> 1% PD-L1 expression) the following significant differences were observed compared to TC0/IC0 (7 patients): higher levels of late-activated CD4+ T-cells (p=0.025) and mid-activated CD8+ T-cells (p=0.044) at baseline, decrease of senescent T-cells (p=0.041), monocytic myeloid-suppressor cell subpopulations (M-MDSCs) and an increase in a Th1-response related DC subpopulation (p=0.026) after treatment. TCR clonality analysis showed expansions in Vß-subtypes after atezolizumab treatment. Conclusion: Immunophenotyping and TCR-Vß-repertoire analysis in peripheral blood samples from NSCLC patients treated with neoadjuvant atezolizumab show differences in immune cell subsets in baseline samples and changes after treatment. Keywords: neoadjuvant immunotherapy, immunophenotyping, NSCLC
IMpower030: Phase III Study Evaluating Neoadjuvant Treatment of Resectable Stage II-IIIB NSCLC with Atezolizumab + Chemotherapy; Background: A standard of care for resectable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is surgery alone or in combination with adjuvant or neoadjuvant platinum-based doublet chemotherapy (PT-DC). Nevertheless, 30%-70% of patients develop recurrence and die due to disease progression, highlighting the unmet need for more efficacious treatment regimens. Atezolizumab, an anti–programmed death-ligand 1 (anti–PD-L1) antibody that reinvigorates the anti-cancer immune response, has shown efficacy as monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC. On the basis of this activity, it is thought that the combination of atezolizumab and PT-DC may provide clinical benefit in the neoadjuvant setting by enhancing cancer cell killing and eradicating micro-metastases prior to surgery, thereby reducing the risk of disease recurrence. The objective of IMpower030 (NCT03456063) is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atezolizumab in combination with PT-DC as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable early-stage NSCLC. Method: IMpower030 is a global, Phase III, multicenter, double-blind, randomized study in patients with histologically or cytologically confirmed, resectable stage II, IIIA, or select IIIB (T3N2) NSCLC (per AJCC/UICC, 8th ed). Study inclusion requires measurable disease per RECIST v1.1, ECOG PS of 0/1, and eligibility for R0 resection with curative intent and PT-DC. Patients who have received prior therapy for lung cancer or who present with non-squamous NSCLC with activating EGFR mutations or ALK translocation are excluded. Approximately 302 patients will be randomized to receive 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab (1200 mg Q3W, Arm A) or placebo (Arm B) in combination with an investigator-selected PT-DC regimen. Following surgical resection and pathology response assessment, treatment assignment will be unblinded; patients in Arm A will receive adjuvant treatment with atezolizumab for up to 16 cycles or until disease recurrence or unacceptable toxicity, whereas patients in Arm B will receive best supportive care and scheduled observational follow-up. The primary efficacy endpoint is major pathological response, defined as ≤ 10% residual viable tumor tissue at time of resection as assessed by an independent central pathology laboratory. Secondary efficacy endpoints include OS, ORR, investigator-assessed event-free survival and disease-free survival per RECIST v1.1, pathological complete response and patient-reported outcomes. Exploratory biomarkers will also be evaluated. Result: Section not applicable Conclusion: Section not applicable Keywords: atezolizumab, NSCLC, neoadjuvant
Long-Term Outcome After Adrenalectomy for Isolated Adrenal Metastasis in Otherwise Operable Patients With NSCLC - Two Institutions Study; Background: Isolated adrenal metastasis (IAM) from non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a rare event and the management in such patients remains controversial. Our objective is to evaluate the long-term outcome after resection of IAM in operable NSCLC patients as a part of multimodality treatment. Method: Twelve patients (mean age 58.4 years) underwent adrenalectomy for NSCLC IAM. IAMs were synchronous (7) and metachronous (5), 4 of them were contralateral and 8 ipsilateral. Locoregional pStages I-II were found in 11 patients and pStage IIIA - in 1 patient. One-stage left lower lobectomy and left adrenalectomy through phrenotomy was performed in 1 patient. In 10 cases the curative lung resection was carried out first, followed by adrenalectomy via laparotomy (3), transperitoneal laparoscopy (1) and retroperitoneal endoscopic adrenalectomy (REA) (5). Two years after left lower lobectomy, the metachronous ipsilateral adrenal and contralateral lung metastases were eradicated by REA (first stage) and right polysegmentectomy S7-S10 in 1 patient from this subset. In the last case REA was performed at a first stage, followed by right lower lobectomy. The mean interval between the lung resection and the adrenalectomy was 6 months. All patients were followed up for the mean period of 42 months. The survival was studied by Kaplan-Meier method. Log-Rank test for comparisons was applied. Result: There was no perioperative mortality. The mean overall survival (OS) time is 42.0 months (95% CI 33.8-50.3). One-year and 3-years OS rate is 90.9% and 64.6%, respectively. Six patients are still alive until the last follow-up, four of them are with progression. One of the patients underwent radio- and immunotherapy with good response for local recurrence 20 months after left upper lobectomy. Brain metastases were found in one patient 2 years after initial surgery, which were treated by stereotactic radiosurgery and metastasectomy. Preaortic intraabdominal metastatic lymph node was extirpated in one patient 19 months after left pneumonectomy. One patient underwent irradiation for local recurrence on the bronchial stump 27 months after left pneumonectomy. Mean progression free survival (PFS) time is 25.1 months (95% CI 19.9-30.4). One-year and 2-years PFS rate is 80.0% and 40%. There is no significant difference in mean OS and PSF time between synchronous vs metachronous IAM (p=0.208; p=0.364), ipsilateral vs contralateral IAM (p=0.366; p=0.156) and laparoscopic vs conventional adrenalectomy (p=0.163; p=0.754). Conclusion: Long term survival is possible after resection of IAM in carefully selected NSCLC patients with early locoregional stages without involvement of mediastinal lymph nodes. Keywords: NSCLC, oligometastasis
Peri-operative treatment of non-small cell lung cancer: Current standards and perspectives; Surgery is the main treatment in stage IA-III NSCLC. Several phase 3 randomized adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials with platinum-based chemotherapy were performed in stage I, II and III A NSCLC. These trials demonstrated a significant 5% benefit in 5y-survival estimated with adjuvant or neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in stage II and IIIA. This benefit was confirmed in two meta-analyses of individual participant data. Conversely for the stage I the benefit of chemotherapy was suggested only for tumors > 4 cm. Adjuvant radiotherapy for N2 patients is currently tested in the large international phase 3 trial Lung-ART/IFCT-0503. The perioperative impact of targeted treatments in NSCLC with molecular alterations is actually suggested by one study in in patients with EGFR mutations. Finally, the role of immune checkpoints inhibitors is currently evaluated in neoadjuvant phase 2 trials and adjuvant phase 3. Preliminary results from one neoadjuvant trial are encouraging.
Current topics of immune checkpoint inhibitors in perioperative and locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer; In the treatment of lung cancer, especially non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have been remarkably developed since approval of nivolumab. As a first step, several important trials reported that nivolumab, pembrolizumab and atezolizumab prolonged overall survival than docetaxel, which was a standard therapy for a long time, in NSCLC patients who became resistant to primary treatment. Subsequently, it was shown that pembrolizumab improves overall survival over platinum combination therapy, which was also long-term standard treatment of first line of NSCLC. Of note, this result was achieved by selecting a population with PDL1 TPS of 50% or more. Recently, by using ICIs in combination with platinum doublet, or by using ICIs in combination, ICIs in first-line setting has been rigorously investigated regardless of the expression of PD-L1. Meanwhile, the result of the PACIFIC was reported. In patient population with locally advanced NSCLC who did not experienced innovation for a long time, consolidation therapy by durvalumab significantly prolonged progression-free survival. The data on the overall survival of the PACIFIC will be reported in the near future, and the results have been receiving great attention. Furthermore, trials of ICIs in perioperative treatment (adjuvant and neo-adjuvant) in patients with NSCLC eligible for completely resection are underway. In this session on immunotherapy of lung cancer, findings focusing on ICIs in early and locally advanced NSCLC are reviewed.
Pathologic assessment following neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemotherapy demonstrates similar patterns in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT) and immunotherapy (IT) are associated with features of pathologic treatment response (PTR) in NSCLC. Comparison of such features in NSCLC following neoadjuvant CT, IT or upfront surgical resection is lacking. Nivolumab (N) and/or N plus ipilumumab (NI) are being investigated in resectable NSCLC (NCT03158129). We analyzed the histopathologic patterns of CTand IT-treated NSCLC vs untreated surgically resected tumors. Methods: Histopathologic assessment of untreated, CT- and IT-treated NSCLC was performed (n=30, 10/group). Hematoxylin and eosin-stained tumor sections were scored for parameters of PTR: percentage of viable tumor, fibrosis, and necrosis; inflammation, tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS), macrophages, lymphovascular invasion (LVI), cholesterol clefts (CC), giant cells (GC) and neovascularization (NV) were reported as a score (0-3). Values for each variable were expressed as a mean (6SD). Statistical comparison between two groups was calculated with unpaired two-sided ttest. Significance was defined as p-value<0.05. Results: CT and IT were associated with significantly less viable tumor cells (p=0.04 and p=0.02, respectively), IT with more fibrosis (p=0.04) and CT with more CC (p=0.03) than untreated tumors. Trends towards higher amounts of inflammation, macrophages and CC were seen in IT-treated compared to untreated tumors. CT had a trend towards more fibrosis and GC compared with untreated NSCLC (Table). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant CT and IT are associated with similar histopathological changes compared to untreated tumors but with lower proportions of viable tumor and higher degrees of fibrosis. Neoadjuvant treatment is also associated with a trend towards higher amounts of inflammation, macrophages, CC and GC. Analysis of a larger cohort, including comparison of N- vs NI-treated tumors (estimated n=80) is ongoing and will be presented in due course.
Association between PD-L1 expression and survival in early stage non-small cell carcinoma; Background: Programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) is used to predict response to immunotherapy. Temporal variability in the expression of PD-L1 in tumor cells has been reported; we wanted to assess the prevalence and prognostic role of PD-L1 expression in patients with resected non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) in initial stages with negative ganglia. Methods: We analyzed tumor tissue of 170 patients with NSCLC stages I and II (pN0), no adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. Immunohistochemical staining of PD-L1 (Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx) was performed on sections of tissue microarrays (TMAs), being able to be carried out in 165 cases (97%). The results were correlated (Ji Square and Fisher test) with clinicopathological variables (gender, age, smoking, pathological stage, histological type, nuclear grade, Ki67). For the analysis of survival (disease-free (DFS) and overall (OS) survival), the curves of Kaplan-Meier were used with the test of the logarithmic ranges (log rank test), and the proportional method of Cox taking the negative values as reference. Results: The median age was 66 years (IQR 60-73), 135 men and 35 women. Eightyeight per cent of them were smokers. The median follow-up was 64 months (range 1- 163). The distribution by stages was: 51% of pathological stage IA, 31% of IB stage and 18% corresponded to stage II with pN0. Regarding histology there were 57% adenocarcinomas, 34% squamous cell carcinomas and 7% large cell carcinomas. PD-L1 expression was detected in 28.8% of the cases: 19.8% of the adenocarcinoma tumours and 41.3% of the squamous subtypes. We found a PD-L1 expression greater than 5% in 24.7% of cases and 11.8% of the total showed a PD-L1 expression ≥ 50%. The median DFS was 59.6 months (IQR 27-85) and OS 64.2 months (IQR 39.9-94.9). A statistically significant association was observed between expression of PD-L1 and younger age (inverse relationship, p=0,033) and histologic subtype (lower expression in squamous type, p=0,029). Kaplan-Meier analysis showed less DFS in positive PD-L1 patients. No significant differences were observed in relation to overall survival. Conclusions: The expression of PD-L1 is associated with morphological data of greater aggressiveness and is a risk factor for relapse in NSCLC in early stages without positive ganglia.
Neoadjuvant pembrolizumab (Pembro) for early stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Initial report of a phase I study, MK3475-223; Background: NSCLC is the most common cause of cancer-related death. Even clinical stage I or II tumors that are completely resected harbor a 5-year survival of only 30- 50%. Immunotherapy is being investigated now as adjuvant therapy and might improve those results. We hypothesize that neo-adjuvant immunotherapy is a feasible, safe and effective treatment for early stage NSCLC. Methods: MK3475-223 is a phase I study, testing neoadjuvant Pembro for stage I and II NSCLC. Study design is based on a classical 3+3 cohort, but the differences between cohorts are not drug dose but number of treatments (1st cohort 1 treatment, 2nd and 3rd cohorts 2 treatments with a 3 weeks (wk) interval between them) prior to surgery, and interval from last dose to surgery (1st cohort 3 wks, 2nd cohort 2 wks, 3rd cohort 1 wk). All Pembro treatments are 200mg. Primary objectives are to determine safety, recommended phase 2 dose/schedule, pathological and radiological response. Dose limiting toxicities (DLT) were defined as significant surgical complications (bleeding, delayed wound healing, acute respiratory distress syndrome, prolonged air-leak) or a significant delay of surgery. DLT period was defined as 30 days post-surgery. Results: To date, two cohorts (6 patients (pts)) have been fully recruited and completed the DLT period. No DLT has occurred. Adverse events (AEs) are within the recognized AE profile of Pembro and of thoracic surgical procedures. No significant responses were seen in the 1st cohort (1 Pembro treatment, 3 wks later surgery). Out of 3 pts on the 2nd cohort (2 Pembro treatments, 2 wks later surgery), 2 pts (66.6%) demonstrate near complete pathologic response, with less than 1% of tumor cells left estimated. The study is ongoing and continuing to recruit, currently recruiting the final cohort (2 pembro treatments, 1 wk later surgery), to be followed by an expansion cohort. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant Pembro is a promising option for early stage NSCLC. Initial data suggest the safety of this approach. The trial will provide initial evidence as well as correlative studies regarding the efficacy of this approach.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab (N) or nivolumab plus ipilimumab (NI) for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant N induces a 45% major pathologic response (MPR) in resected NSCLCs. We report preliminary results of NEOSTAR (NCT03158129) - a phase 2 trial evaluating neoadjuvant N or NI in resectable NSCLC pts. Methods: Pts with stage I-IIIA (singleN2) resectable NSCLC (AJCC 7th), ECOGPS 0-1, were randomized 1:1 toN(3mg/kg IVQ2 weeks, onD1, 15, 29) or NI (N plus I, 1mg/kg IV on D1) followed by surgery (n=22/arm). Primary endpoint isMPR (≤10% viable tumor cells at surgery), hypothesized to be higher thanMPR to induction chemotherapy historical controls. Immune infiltrates were assessed by flow cytometry on checkpoint inhibitor (CPI)- treated tumors and compared to untreated resected samples (ICON set). Results: As of 9/6/2018, 33 pts were randomized, 17 toN, 16 toNI: mean age 65, 67%males, 21% never smokers, stage I n=10, II n=15, III n=8, 58%adenocarcinomas. 30 pts completed neoadjuvant therapy (2 ongoing, 1 G3 hypoxia [N]) & 26 had surgery (5 unresectable [2N, 3NI], 2pending). OverallMPRratewas 26%(8/31).MPRrate toNandNIwere 25% (4/16) and 27%(4/15), respectively.Median%of viable tumor cells was lower in tumors resected postNI vs.N(28% vs. 65%, p=0.32). There were 5 pathologic CRs (2N, 3NI). RadiographicORR by RECIST v1.1 was 19% (5 PR [N], 1 CR [NI]). 19% of pts had PD (6/ 31, 3 N, 3NI). Surgical complications included 1 bronchopleural fistula (BPF). Treatmentrelated AEs included G5 death due to BPF post steroid-treated pneumonitis (n=1, N);G3 pneumonia (n=1, N), hypoxia (n=1,N);G2 cough (n=3, NI), rash (n=1, N), fatigue (n=1, N). CPIs increased proliferative (Ki67+)& activated(ICOS+) effectorCD8+ & CD4+ TILs in treated vs. untreated tumors (p<0.0001). CD27+CD28+ effector memory CD8+ TILs were higher inNvs. NI (49% vs. 33%, p=0.06). Ki67+CD103+ tissue resident effector CD8+(98% vs. 65%, p=0.1)& CD4+(99% vs. 40%, p=0.03) TILs and Tregs (97% vs. 47%, p=0.06) were higher in NI vs.N. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant CPI is overall safe and induces a 26% MPR rate, with a trend towards less viable tumor after NI. Preliminary results suggest neoadjuvant CPIs induce higher TIL proliferation and activation vs. untreated tumors. NI may induce higher proliferation of different T cell subsets vs. N, which may lead to distinct antitumor immune responses.
Atezolizumab for the First-Line Treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Current Status and Future Prospects; Purpose: Atezolizumab is a programmed death ligand 1 (PDL-1) blocking antibody that was approved for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in patients with disease progression. Various studies have been initiated to explore the effectiveness of atezolizumab among different patient cohorts and disease statuses, including as first-line therapy. The purpose of this paper is to identify and summarize the trials that use atezolizumab as a first-line agent in chemotherapy-naïve patients with NSCLC. Methods: A database search was performed on Pubmed, Embase, and Wiley Cochrane Library—Central Register of Controlled Trials to identify clinical trials using atezolizumab as first-line therapy in NSCLC. Additionally, ClinicalTrials.gov and the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) were searched to identify relevant clinical trials. Conference abstracts from the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the European Society for Medical Oncology, and the American Association for Cancer Research were hand-searched. Any trial in which atezolizumab was used as first-line therapy in chemotherapy-naive patients with NSCLC was included. Results: Fifteen studies were ultimately included, all of which are current and ongoing. Of the 15 studies, 5 have reported results. When given in the first-line setting, atezolizumab had higher rates of objective response, progression-free survival, and overall survival, compared to the second and third-line settings. Among the 15 studies, atezolizumab is used as monotherapy (n = 5), in combination with chemotherapy (n = 6), in combination with targeted therapy such as bevacizumab (n = 1), as neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy (n = 3), in combination with stereotactic body radiation therapy (n = 1), and in combination with or following chemoradiation (n = 1). Conclusion: Available evidence shows promising safety and efficacy with the use of atezolizumab as first-line therapy in NSCLC. Atezolizumab is currently being studied in a variety of treatment settings. If clinical benefits are shown, atezolizumab may deem to be a useful first-line agent in NSCLC.
Pathologic features of response to neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 in resected non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC): A proposal for quantitative immune-related pathologic response criteria (irPRC); There is great interest in using PD-(L)1 blockading drugs as neoadjuvant therapy for patients with resectable NSCLC. Early results demonstrated a 45% (9/20) major pathologic response (MPR) rate in patients with Stage I-III NSCLC after receiving nivolumab (NCT02259621). Major pathologic response (MPR) criteria were developed in the context of cytotoxic chemotherapy, defined as ≤10% residual viable tumor cells (RVT). The features of immune-mediated tumor regression following anti-PD-1 have yet to be described. We reviewed H&E-stained slides from resection specimens in 19 patients treated with neoadjuvant nivolumab [n=9 MPR, n=3 partial responders, n=7 non-responders (>70% RVT)] to identify histopathologic features of immune-mediated tumor regression. Specimens were assessed for immune characteristics (tumor infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) and macrophage density, and presence/absence of, lymphoid aggregates, tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS), dense plasma cell infiltrates, neutrophils, giant cells, etc.) and nonimmune features (necrosis, hemosiderin, hyalinized and proliferative fibrosis). We found that immune-mediated tumor regression is characterized by a fibroinflammatory stroma with features of (1) immune activation, including dense TIL and macrophages, TLS, and granulomas; (2) massive [tumor] cell death, including cholesterol clefts and giant cells; and (3) tissue repair, including neovascularization and proliferative fibrosis (each enriched in MPR vs. non-responders, Fisher's exact test p<0.05). An “outside-in” pattern of regression was noted, which has important implications for defining total tumor bed area. As such, we propose “Immune-Related Pathologic Response Criteria” (irPRC), with tumor bed defined by RVT + necrosis + surrounding fibroinflammatory stroma. The areas of each are summed across all slides to calculate %RVT (RVT area/tumor bed area). This differs from chemotherapy MPR criteria, where %RVT is determined for each slide and then averaged, and the distinct fibroinflammatory regression stroma and peripheral regression bed are not acknowledged. The surgical resection specimens were then evaluated by four independent pathologists blinded to response to assess inter-observer variability. Compared to %RVT using chemotherapy criteria, irPRC had improved inter-observer variability [median per-case %RVT variability 5% (0-29%) vs. 10% (0-58%), paired t test p=0.007] and a two-fold decrease in median standard deviation across pathologists within a sample (4.6 vs 2.2, F-test p=0.002). We propose irPRC to standardize pathologic assessment of immune-mediated tumor regression and immunotherapeutic efficacy. Long-term follow up is needed to determine the reliability of irPRC as a surrogate for clinical outcomes such as recurrence-free and overall survival.
Neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade in resectable lung cancer; Background: Programmed death-1 (PD-1) blocking antibodies improve survival in patients with advanced nonsmall- cell lung cancer (NSCLC) but have not been tested in resectable NSCLC, where little progress has been made over the last decade. Methods: Adults with untreated surgically resectable stage I-IIIA NSCLC received two doses of nivolumar anti-PD-1) preoperatively. The primary endpoints of the study were safety and feasibility. Tumor pathologic response, PD-L1 expression, mutation burden and mutation-associated neoantigen-specific T-cell responses were evaluated. Results: Neoadjuvant nivolumab was had an acceptable side effect profile without surgical delays, and 20 of 21 tumors were completely resected. Major pathologic response occurred in 45% (9/20) of resected tumors. Responses occurred in both PD-L1 positive and negative tumors. Pathologic response significantly correlated with pre-treatment tumor somatic mutation burden. T-cell clones shared between the tumor and peripheral blood increased systemically upon anti-PD-1 treatment in 8 of 9 patients analyzed. Mutation-associated neoantigen specific T-cell clones, from a primary tumor that underwent pathologic complete response, rapidly expanded in peripheral blood at 2-4 weeks post-treatment, some of these clones were not detected before anti-PD-1. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant nivolumab was associated with few side effects, did not delay surgery, and induced major pathologic responses in 45% of resected tumors. Tumor mutation burden is predictive of pathologic response to anti-PD-1. Anti-PD-1 can induce expansion of mutation-associated neoantigen-specific T-cell clones in peripheral blood.
Effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy on the immune microenvironment in non-small cell lung carcinomas as determined by multiplex immunofluorescence and image analysis approaches; Background: The clinical efficacy observed with inhibitors of programed cell death 1/programed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1/PD-1) in cancer therapy has prompted studies to characterize the immune response in several tumor types, including lung cancer. However, the immunological profile of non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCT) is not yet fully characterized, and it may be therapeutically important. The aim of this retrospective study was to characterize and quantify PD-L1/PD-1 expression and tumor-associated immune cells (TAICs) in surgically resected NSCLCs from patients who received NCT or did not receive NCT (non-NCT). Methods: We analyzed immune markers in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tumor tissues resected from 112 patients with stage II/III NSCLC, including 61 non-NCT (adenocarcinoma [ADC]=33; squamous cell carcinoma [SCC]=28) and 51 NCT (ADC=31; SCC=20). We used multiplex immunofluorescence to identify and quantify immune markers grouped into two 6-antibody panels: panel 1 included AE1/AE3, PD-L1, CD3, CD4, CD8, and CD68; panel 2 included AE1/AE3, PD1, granzyme B, FOXP3, CD45RO, and CD57. Results: PD-L1 expression was higher (> overall median) in NCT cases (median, 19.53%) than in non-NCT cases (median, 1.55%; P=0.022). Overall, density of TAICs was higher in NCT-NSCLCs than in non-NCT-NSCLCs. Densities of CD3+ cells in the tumor epithelial compartment were higher in NCT-ADCs and NCT-SCCs than in non-NCT-ADCs and non-NCT-SCCs (P=0.043). Compared with non-NCT-SCCs, NCT-SCCs showed significantly higher densities of CD3+CD4+ (P=0.019) and PD-1+ (P<0.001) cells in the tumor epithelial compartment. Density of CD68+ tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) was higher in NCT-NSCLCs than in non-NCT-NSCLCs and was significantly higher in NCT-SCCs than in non-NCT-SCCs. In NCT-NSCLCs, higher levels of epithelial T lymphocytes (CD3+CD4+) and epithelial and stromal TAMs (CD68+) were associated with better outcome in univariate and multivariate analyses. Conclusions: NCT-NSCLCs exhibited higher levels of PD-L1 expression and T-cell subset regulation than non-NCT-NSCLCs, suggesting that NCT activates specific immune response mechanisms in lung cancer. These results suggest the need for clinical trials and translational studies of combined chemotherapy and immunotherapy prior to surgical resection of locally advanced NSCLC.
Distinct immune status in patients with adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma: Implication for immunotherapy of non-small cell lung cancer; Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer mortality worldwide therefore understanding the biological role of immune cell infiltrates in the tumor microenvironment is of an eminent interest. In this study we compared immune cell populations, T cell responses and secreted cytokines in primary tumors and non-tumoral lung tissue from more than 40 adenocarcinomas (AC) and 40 squamous cell carcinomas (SCC) of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients undergoing neoadjuvant surgery. Moreover, we compared immune suppressive populations such as CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T regulatory cells and myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSC) and the expression of immune checkpointmolecules PD-1, TIM3, LAG-3 and CTLA-4 in the blood of these patients. In both tumor subtypes we observed similarly higher infiltration of B cells, memory T cells, dendritic cells, NK cells, monocytes/macrophages, mast cells and CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T regulatory cells compared to non-tumoral tissue. However, immune cells seemed to be suppressed functionally more in SCC than AC as we detected significantly lower IFN-?-positive T cells and production of proinflammatory cytokines after stimulation. PD-1, TIM3 and LAG-3 expression on T cells in blood and PD-1 on intratumoral CD8+ T cells of SSC patients were significantly elevated compared to AC patients. Similarly, the high number of MDSC, which correlated with Arginase 1 mRNA levels and downregulation of CD3? in T cells, was detected only in SCC. These results suggest that immune system of SSC patients might be subjected to a higher systemic and tumor-associated immune suppression than in AC patients. This should be taken into consideration in designing lung cancer immunotherapeutic approaches.
Neoadjuvant chemo/immunotherapy for the treatment of stages IIIA resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A phase II multicenter exploratory study-NADIM study-SLCG; Background: The combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy (CT-IO) has a high response rate and longer survival in unselected patients (pts) with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). There are no data about this combination in the neoadjuvant setting. Methods: A Phase II, single-arm, openlabel multicenter study of resectable stage IIIA N2-NSCLC adult patients with CT plus IO (nivolumab (NV)) followed by adjuvant treatment for 1 year. Neoadjuvant treatment: Three cycles of NV 360mg IV Q3W + paclitaxel 200 mg/m2 + carboplatin AUC 6 IV Q3W. After completing neoadjuvant therapy, tumor assessment is performed in patients prior to surgery. Surgery is performed in the 3rd or 4th week after day 21 of the third cycle of neoadjuvant treatment. Adjuvant treatment: nivolumab 240mg IV Q2W for 4 months and nivolumab 480mg IV Q4W for 8 months (total one year) after surgical resection. The study aims to recruit 46 pts. The primary endpoint is Progression-Free Survival (PFS) at 24 months. Efficacy is explored using objective pathologic response criteria. We present preliminary data on patients that completed 3 cycles.
Neoadjuvant atezolizumab + chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is an accepted treatment approach for resectable NSCLC. Major pathologic response (mPR) defined as ≥ 90% tumor necrosis is seen in 20% of patients (pts) receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy and portends a favorable survival. Combination anti-PD-(L)1 therapy and chemotherapy has demonstrated potential synergy in metastatic NSCLC. This ongoing phase II study explores the combination of neoadjuvant atezolizumab + chemotherapy. Methods: Pts with stage IB-IIIA resectable NSCLC receive 4 cycles of atezolizumab, nab-paclitaxel, and carboplatin prior to surgery. Never-smokers are excluded. Planned enrollment is 30 pts with a primary endpoint of mPR. Stage I trial evaluation after enrollment of 18 pts will be performed with pre-defined stoppage criteria for lack of efficacy (mPR in ≤ 4 pts). If ≥ 5/18 pts have mPR, an additional 12 pts will be treated in Stage II. The primary endpoint is met if ≥ 11/30 pts have mPR. Results: From 6/2016 to 1/2018, 14 evaluable pts were treated. Baseline characteristics: median age 71 years (range 49-83), 36% female, 57% adenocarcinoma, 85% stage IIIA, and 54% PD-L1 positive (≥1%, 22C3). The most common toxicity was neutropenia (12/14 Grade 3-4), with 9/14 pts requiring chemotherapy dose reduction. 1 pt experienced G3 transaminase elevation, and another developed Type I diabetes (1 year after completion of treatment). 8/14 (57%) had radiologic PR, and the remainder had SD. 11/14 pts underwent resection successfully; 1 pt had postoperative complications unrelated to study drugs leading to death. The Stage I trial continuation criteria was met with 7/14 (50%) pts with mPR, including 3 with complete pathologic response (21%). mPR was seen in both PD-L1+ and PD-L1- pts. With a median follow-up of 8.6 months (95% CI 3.5, 17.8), there were 4 recurrent events: 2 were brain metastases. Conclusions: The combination of atezolizumab + chemotherapy demonstrated significant activity in the neoadjuvant setting. Treatment response was seen regardless of PD-L1 score. Correlative studies including multiplex IHC and tumor exome sequencing are ongoing. The data exceeded the futility boundary for mPR in Stage I and will proceed to Stage II. Clinical trial information: NCT02716038.
Comparative evaluation of effectiveness of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (nPCIT) for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: The purpose of the study was to compare the results of neoadjuvant polychemoimmunotherapy (nPCIT) and conventional neoadjuvant polychemotherapy (nPCT) in patients with NSCLC. Methods: 64 pts with NSCLC were divided into 2 groups: main group - 32 pts, 2 nPCIT cycles (cisplatin 80 mg/m2 on day 1, gemcitabine 1200 mg/m2 on days 1 and 8 with i.v. infusions of the recombinant hybrid protein of tumor necrosis factor-alphathymosin- alpha1 100 000 IU on days 0, 3 and 6); control group - 32 pts, nPCT with the same cytostatics. Central cancer in 17(53.1%) pts of the main group (cT1NX-6.2%, cT2NX-37.5%, cT3NX-3.1%) and 20 (62.5%) (cT1NX-9.4%, cT2NX-40.6%) controls, peripheral cancer in 15(46.9%) (cT2b NX-9.4%, cT3> 7 NX-21.8%, cT3NX-18.7%, cT4NX- 3.1%) and 12(37.5%) (cT2b NX-12.5%, cT3NX-34.3%, cT4NX-3.1%), respectively. Squamous cell carcinoma in 17(53.2%) and 14(43.8%), adenocarcinoma in 7(21.8%) and 5(15.6%), non-small cell carcinoma in 8(25%) and 13(40.6%) pts, respectively. Results: CR in 3 (9.4%) and 2 (6.2%), PR - 14 (43.7%) and 13 (40.6%), SD - 13 (40.6%) and 14 (43.7%), PD - 2 (6.2%) and 3 (9.4%). Objective overall response rate was 53.1% in nPCIT vs 46.8% in nPCT, CR+PR+SD was 93.7% and 90.6%, respectively. 29 (90.6%) pts in each group received surgery. Extended lobectomy/bilobectomy in 14 (48.2%) pts in each group, extended pneumonectomy in 7 (24.1%) in nPCIT and 8 (27.5%) in nPCT. N2 disease in 10 (34.5%) and 13 (44.8%) pts, respectively. Post-surgical restaging: st. 0 - 10.3% vs 6.9%, st. I - 34.5% vs 31%, st. II - 20.7% vs 17.2%, st. IIIA - 34.5% vs 44.7%. Median survival in the main group - not reached, in controls - 23 months. OS was studied in pts with st. 0-II and st. IIIAN2 NSCLC; 3- year OS in early stages was 72% in the main group vs 49% in controls (p = 0.0735). Conclusions: The direct results were similar in nPCIT and nPCT, but 2-year EFS was 72% and 44%, respectively, with a tendency to improvement (p = 0.05421). 2-year OS in pts with st. IIIAN2 NSCLC improved to 55% in the main group vs 32% in controls (p = 0.031777).
Neoadjuvant atezolizumab in resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Initial results from a multicenter study (LCMC3); Background: Platinum-based chemotherapy, before or after surgery, provides only a 5% benefit in 5yr. OS in locally advanced NSCLC. A recent pilot study (JCO 2017 35:15suppl, 8508) showed that preoperative immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy was well tolerated and yielded a clinically meaningful major pathologic response rate (MPR ≤10% residual viable tumor cells). This large multicenter trial tests the MPR rate and novel biomarkers of benefit using this novel neoadjuvant approach with atezolizumab (atezo) [NCT02927301]. Methods: Pts with stages IB -selected IIIB resectable NSCLC were to receive 2 cycles of atezo (1200 mg, days 1, 22) then undergo resection (day 40 +/- 10). Chest CT, PET obtained pre- and post atezo to assess clinical response. Primary tumor +/- node biopsies and blood samples were obtained before atezo and at surgery for biomarker studies. The primary endpoint was MPR. Secondary endpoints included safety, response by PDL1, OS, and DFS. Results: For the prespecified initial safety analysis, the first 21 of 180 planned pts (67 pts currently on study) are reported: 13 males, median age 65 y, all ECOG 0-1; 4 current, 16 former smokers; 13 non-squamous NSCLC; clinical stages Ib/IIa/IIb/IIIa/IIIb = 4/2/6/5/4. Two pts received one dose of atezo due to treatment related AE (Gr 1 pyrexia, Gr 2 dyspnea) but underwent uncomplicated resection with MPR assessment. There were no Gr 5 AE, 5 Gr 3-4 AE (1 treatment related). By RECIST, 20 pts had SD, and 1 had PD. There were no major delays to surgery. 19 pts had MPR assessment: 1 pt discontinued atezo preop due to CNS mets and 1 pt had unresectable disease. MPR rate was 4/19 (21%, 95% CI 6-46). Excluding 2 pts who had known driver mutations (1 EGFR+, 1 ALK+), MPR rate was 4/17 (24%, 95% CI 7- 50). 11/19 patients had ≤50% viable tumor. Conclusions: This first report of atezo in the neoadjuvant setting shows that preoperative treatment is feasible and well tolerated. MPR rate is encouraging. Clinical and pathological responses are often discordant. Safety and efficacy results from additional pts will be presented. Correlative analyses on pre- and post atezo tissues are ongoing. Preliminary correlative analyses in blood samples are included in a separate abstract.
The ASCENT trial: A phase II study of neoadjuvant afatinib, chemoradiation and surgery for stage III EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC; Background: The stage III NSCLC paradigm now includes immunotherapy (IO), but advanced EGFR-mutant (EGFR+) pts typically don't respond to IO. In 2011 we began a phase II trial of neoadjuvant afatinib (NeoAfat) and standard of care (SOC) curative intent treatment for EGFR+ stage III NSCLC, NCT01553942. We present an interim analysis given the evolving SOC landscape. Methods: EGFR+ stage III pts amenable to curative-intent chemoradiation (CRT) ± surgery were treated with NeoAfat 40mg po QD x2mo, then concurrent CRT: cisplatin 75mg/m2 + pemetrexed 500mg/m2 IV q3wk up to 4 cycles and 3D conformal RT or IMRT personalized to tumor size, site, operability. Surgery and adjuvant afatinib (AdjAfat) x2yr were optional. Primary outcome was objective response rate (ORR) to NeoAfat. Results: 13 pts were treated (10F/3M); med age 56 (range 34-75). EGFR mutations: del19 (n = 9); L858R (n = 4). Stage: operable IIIA (n = 7); inoperable IIIA/B (n = 6). NeoAfat ORR = 69% (95% CI 39-91); 5 (38%) pts dose reduced NeoAfat. All pts proceeded to CRT with pre-op med RT dose of 54 Gy (range 45-66; n = 7), definitive med dose of 65 Gy (range 63-72; n = 6). 5 (71%) of the 7 surgical pts had major (4) or complete (1) pathologic response. 7 (54%) pts started AdjAfat at med dose of 30mg QD; 4 completed 2yr, 2 aborted early, 1 ongoing . Key grade 3/4 toxicities: rash 5), diarrhea (5), esophagitis (3), nausea (3), pneumonitis (2 gr 3) and febrile neutropenia (1); no treatment-related deaths. With med follow-up of 24.1 mo (range 5.0-64.2), 6 (46%) pts have recurred; including 4/6 inoperable pts, 2/7 who had surgery, 1/5 with major path response (CNS-only recurrence). Med PFS is 34.6 mo (95% CI 12.6- NR). 2-yr OS is 85% (95% CI 33-98). Conclusions: Neo-adjuvant afatinib achieves high ORR and major surgical path responses, and doesn't impair receipt of SOC, curative CRT ± surgery in EGFR+ stage III NSCLC. Feasibility of NeoAfat exceeds AdjAfat in stage III setting. The prolonged PFS compares favorably to PACIFIC IO arm; more data is needed about optimal strategy for stage III EGFR+ pts. ASCENT is still ongoing, but it and similar randomized RTOG 1306 have accrued slowly, highlighting the challenge of studying curative approaches in genotype-defined subgroups.
Alteration of immune markers in the tumor microenvironment after chemoradiation for rectal cancer; Background: Immunotherapy (IO) is a new treatment option for advanced microsatellite unstable colorectal cancer. Radiotherapy is an integral part of neoadjuvant treatment for locally advanced rectal adenocarcinoma and has been shown to increase tumor PDL1 expression and tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL). These changes in the tumor microenvironment enhance the response to IO. We report herein on expression of PD-L1 and CD-8 + TIL pre and post neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (CRT) in rectal adenocarcinoma. Expression of TIM-3, LAG-3, IDO1, OX40, IFN-γ, IL-17 and CXCL9 will also be reported. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 39 patients with rectal adenocarcinoma from 2007-2016 treated with neoadjuvant CRT using 5FU based therapy. Pre and post CRT tissue samples were stained with VENTANA PD-L1 (SP263) rabbit monoclonal antibody to quantify PD-L1 expression. CD8 + TIL were recorded over one high power field (40x objective) in the area of densest infiltrate. Additional biomarkers are being assayed with RT-PCR. Relevant clinical endpoints of local relapse, distant metastasis, and survival were also collected. Results: Median age was 60 years (range 32-87). Median follow up was 16.7 months (range 2.6 -120.1). Median duration from completion of CRT to resection was 73 days (range 44 - 315). Among the pre-CRT cases 7.7% expressed PD-L1 versus 20.5% post-CRT (OR 3.1, p = 0.11). Median number of CD8+ TIL in the pre-CRT biopsies was 49. In post-CRT specimens, 82.1% cases had TIL ≥ 50 (p = 0.002). PD-L1 expression did not correlate with pathological complete response, local or distant failure. Radiation dose/fractionation, time from CRT completion to resection, and CD8+ TIL did not correlate with increase in PD-L1 expression. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant CRT for rectal adenocarcinoma increased PD-L1 expression and CD8+ TIL which are known biomarkers for IO response. These data suggest a novel role for IO in neoadjuvant treatment of rectal cancer.
Induction nivolumab or nivolumab/ipilimumab prior to concurrent chemoradiation plus nivolumab in patients with operable stage II/III esophageal/gastroesophageal junction cancer; Background: Neoadjuvant chemoradiation (cRT) prior to surgical resection in stage II/III esophageal/gastroesophageal junction (EC/GEJ) cancer results in a complete pathologic response rate of approximately 20-25%, in adenocarcinoma subtypes. The appearance of favorable microenvironment features (enhanced tumor lymphocytes, perivascular lymphocytes and tertiary lymphoid structures) after induction therapy in resected EC suggest tumors may respond favorably to immune based therapy and in particular to PD-1 based checkpoint blockade when combined with cRT prior to surgical resection. In addition, preclinical models suggest that esophageal radiation significantly increases PD-L1 expression. The Phase III Attraction 2 study has demonstrated activity of nivolumab in a subset of heavily pretreated patients with gastroesophageal cancer. This trial proposes to evaluate the safety/efficacy of induction nivolumab or nivolumab plus ipilimumab prior to concurrent chemoradiation plus nivolumab in operable stage II/III EC. Methods: This is an open-label, single-arm, multicenter clinical study that will enroll 32 patients. Eligible subjects consist of adults with histologically confirmed, resectable stage II/III EC/GEJ located below the carina. Subjects must be newly diagnosed and cannot have received prior treatment. A pre-treatment biopsy is required prior to two cycles of induction nivolumab (arm A) or one cycle of induction nivolumab/ipilimumab (arm B). A repeat research biopsy is performed after the induction phase and prior to initiation of carboplatin/paclitaxel/RT plus nivolumab. Nivolumab 240mg is administered every 2 weeks for 5 cycles in total (two as induction and three with concurrent cRT). An Ivor-Lewis esophagectomy is performed approximately 6-10 weeks post completion of cRT. The primary endpoint is safety. Secondary endpoints include an assessment of the pathological complete response rate, recurrence free survival, overall survival and immunologic correlates. The study was initiated in July 2017 and is ongoing at Johns Hopkins and at the Allegheny Health Network.
Therapeutic pathomorphism of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as a result of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (nCIT) with tumor necrosis factor (TNF?±1); Background: The purpose of the study was to reveal morphological changes in tissues of NSCLC after various nPCT regimens. Methods: The study included 64 pts with stage IIb-IIIa NSCLC divided into two groups: main group - 32 pts, 2 cycles of nPCIT with recombinant hybrid protein of TNFα1; control group - 32 pts, 2 cycles of conventional PCT. CR in 3 (9,4%) and 2 (6.2%) cases, PR in 14 (43.7%) and 13 (40.6%), SD in 13 (40.6%) and 14 (43.7%), PD in 2 (6.2%) and 3 (9.4%), respectively. 29 (90.6%) pts in each group received surgery. Pts with PR had squamous cell carcinoma in 28.5% and 21.4%, adenocarcinoma in 17.9% in both groups. Tumor tissue samples of pts with PR were studied by immunohistochemistry with staining for: CD3 lymphocytes, CD20 lymphocytes,CD34 endothelial cells. An original 3-point scale of IHC expression in CD34 and CD3 cell specimens was used for the evaluation. Results: The expression of CD34 cells in the main group was weak in 69.2% and moderate in 30.8% (p = 0.044), with no strong expression; in thr control - moderate in 54.5% and strong in 45.5%. Weak CD3 expression in the main group prevailed over strong expression (53.8% vs 7.7%, p = 0.014) and in comparison with the control group (18.3%, p = 0.034). Moderate CD3 expression was observed in 38.4% and 36.4%, respectively; strong expression - 7.7% and 45.4%, respectively (p = 0.017). Thus, therapeutic pathomorphism in the nCIT group involved necrosis of up to 70-80% of tumor, with weak inflammation and no fibrosis. The endothelial vascular reaction was weak in 69.2% or moderate in 30.8%, T-lymphocytic infiltration - weak in 53.8% and moderate in 38.4%. The control group demonstrated other manifestations of therapeutic pathomorphism - up to 50% of tumor tissue was preserved with small necrosis foci. Conclusions: The study showed that recombinant hybrid protein of tumor necrosis factor-alphathymosin-alpha1 in addition to the conventional chemotherapy had a significant damaging effect on the tumor due to its cytotoxic and anti-angiogenic action.
SAKK 16/14: Anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab (MEDI4736) in addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)-A multicenter single-arm phase II trial; Background: Improving the outcome of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the major challenges in thoracic oncology. Based on previous trials from the Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research (SAKK) neoadjuvant chemotherapy with 3 cycles of cisplatin/docetaxel is an accepted standard of care. Recently, the PACIFIC trial showed significantly improved progression-free survival (PFS) for durvalumab as consolidation therapy after definitive chemoradiotherapy in unresectable stage III NSCLC. Here, we give an update on the ongoing trial and present results from a predefined safety evaluation focusing on 30-day post-operative mortality rate. Methods: This is a single-arm phase II clinical trial evaluating the addition of perioperative immunotherapy with durvalumab to the previously established standard of care for stage IIIA(N2) patients. Eligible patients must have pathologically proven NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0) according to the 7th edition of the TNM classification, irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Tumor tissue has to be available for the mandatory translational research. Patients whose tumor is deemed resectable at diagnosis receive 3 cycles of chemotherapy with cisplatin 100 mg/m and docetaxel 85 mg/m every three weeks followed by two cycles of durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks. Following surgery, patients will be treated with durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks for 12 months. The primary endpoint of the trial is event-free survival at 12 months. Secondary endpoints include OS, objective response, nodal down-staging, complete resection, pattern of recurrence and toxicity. Additionally, a large translation research program accompanies the trial investigating potential predictive biomarkers of anti-PD-L1 therapy. Based on the protocol, a first safety evaluation has been done after the first 25 operated patients. This analysis demonstrated a 30-day postoperative mortality of less than 10%. According to the decision rule described in the protocol the trial thus shall continue as per protocol.
Phase II trial of atezolizumab before and after definitive chemoradiation for unresectable stage III NSCLC; Background: Over 40,000 patients in the US/year are diagnosed with stage III NSCLC, but only ~25% will be cured by standard chemoradiation (CRT). Combining checkpoint inhibition through PD-L1 blockade with CRT may attenuate tumor related immunosuppression via depletion of Tregs and clonal expansion of effector T-cells, thereby improving tumor immunogenicity. Responses to immunotherapy seem to be higher in patients with significant cytoreduction, such as with radiation (RT). Further, CRT may reveal otherwise hidden antigens that can present additional targets to the reconstituting immune system. Whether anti-PD-L1 therapy before CRT will further improve outcomes in this setting is unknown. Methods: This phase II single arm Alliance Foundation Trials study (AFT-16, NCT03102242) will evaluate safety and efficacy of atezolizumab before and after definitive CRT. 63 patients with stage III NSCLC, PS 0-1, no active autoimmune disease and no underlying organ dysfunction will be enrolled at 15 US Alliance sites. Treatment consists of 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg IV q 21 days with restaging after cycles 2 and 4. Nonprogressing patients undergo carboplatin and paclitaxel (C/P) weekly with 60 Gy RT followed by 2 cycles of C/P consolidation followed by atezolizumab to complete one year of therapy. The primary endpoint of this pilot study is disease control rate (CR+PR+SD) after neoadjuvant atezolizumab. Secondary endpoints include ORR, PFS and OS, safety and QoL assessed by the EORTC QLQ-30. Correlatives include the role of PD-L1 and tumor mutation burden as predictive biomarkers. Tumor tissue will be obtained at study entry, and plasma and immune cells will be isolated at study entry, post neoadjuvant atezolizumab, post CRT, during adjuvant atezolizumab and at study end. Additional potential predictive biomarkers will be to define how atezolizumab affects the proportions of immunologic subtypes and immune activation using flow cytometry and T cell receptor immunophenotyping, multiplex immunohistochemistry and cytokine analysis. The trial was activated on 11/1/17. As of 2/13/18, the trial has been opened at 4 centers and 8 patients have been enrolled.
SAKK 16/14: Anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab (MEDI4736) in addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A multicenter single-arm phase II trial; Background: Improving the outcome of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the major challenges in thoracic oncology. SAKK substantially contributed to establish a standard of care for patients with stage III NSCLC: The trial SAKK 16/96 established neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin and docetaxel. The randomized trial SAKK 16/00 showed no benefit by adding neoadjuvant radiotherapy as third treatment modality. Our results consistently showed a 5-year overall survival (OS) of 37%. Recently, the PACIFIC trial showed significantly improved progression-free survival for durvalumab as consolidation therapy after definitive chemoradiotherapy in unresectable stage III NSCLC. Trial design: This is a single-arm phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate the addition of perioperative immunotherapy with durvalumab to the previously established standard of care for stage IIIA(N2) patients. Eligible patients with WHO performance status 0-1 and age of 18-75 years must have pathologically proven NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0) according to the 7th edition of the TNM classification, irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Tumor tissue has to be available for the mandatory translational research. Patients whose tumor is deemed resectable at diagnosis receive three cycles of chemotherapy with cisplatin 100 mg/m2 and docetaxel 85 mg/m2 every three weeks followed by two cycles of durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks. Following surgery, patients will be treated with durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks for 12 months. The primary endpoint of the trial is event-free survival at 12 months. Secondary endpoints include OS, objective response, nodal downstaging, complete resection, pattern of recurrence and toxicity. Additionally, a large translation research program accompanies the trial investigating potential predictive biomarkers of anti-PD-L1 therapy. Based on the data of first 25 operated patients and given that the results showed that their 30-day post-operative mortality is less than 10%, according to the decision rule described in the protocol of the trial there is no reason for further detailed safety analysis (evaluated by an IDMC) and thus shall continue as per protocol.
The effect of chemotherapy on the tumor immune microenvironment in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A single-institution retrospective analysis; Background: Platinum-doublet chemotherapy (chemo) is routinely used for treatment of early stage and metastatic NSCLC. Immunotherapy is a proven treatment in these patients as well. The presence of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) has been shown to be prognostic of this disease; however, the effect of chemo on TILs and the tumor immune microenvironment in NSCLC has not been well studied. We tested the hypothesis that chemo results in a decrease in the presence of TILs in NSCLC. Methods: We retrospectively identified patients treated with neoadjuvant platinum-doublet chemo who underwent surgical resection from 2007-2015 at the University of Virginia. The specimens were sectioned and IHC stained for CD8, FoxP3, and PDL1. Two independent investigators assessed a central and a peripheral high power field of tumor for number of CD8 and FoxP3 positive TILs. An independent pathologist assessed tumor cell PDL1 expression. The nonparametric Wilcoxon Mann Whitney test was used to compare measurements of TILs in chemo-exposed tissue to a control cohort from a database of NSCLC surgical specimens that had not received pre-operative therapy. Results: Of the 17 patients who met eligibility criteria, 11 had sufficient tissue for evaluation. Results are shown in Table 1. There was a significant decrease in CD8 and FoxP3 TILs in both the center and periphery in patients exposed to chemo. There was no difference in PD-L1 expression. Conclusions: These data suggest that platinumdoublet chemo significantly decreases the presence of cytotoxic and regulatory subsets of TILs without effecting PD-L1 expression. This study is limited by the lack of pre-treatment tumor samples to compare pre-and post-treatment TILs in individual patients. Further studies are warranted to evaluate the impact of decreased TILs in the setting of concurrent or sequential immunotherapy treatment with chemo in NSCLC.
A preclinical study of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in NSCLC; Background: Multiple clinical studies have shown that adoptive cell transfer (ACT) of autologous tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) is remarkably effective in melanoma patients. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) shares similarities with melanoma in terms of mutational burden and sensitivity to immune checkpoint inhibitors. We therefore sought to test whether TIL ACT may represent a viable option for the treatment of NSCLC patients. We utilized tissue collected from patients enrolled on the prospective ImmunogenomiC prOfiling of Non-small cell lung cancer (ICON) study. Methods: TIL and tissue-infiltrating lymphocytes were expanded ex vivo from 97 freshly resected early-stage localized NSCLC tumors and 39 matched uninvolved lung tissues. Growth and functional characteristics of TIL were assessed via flow cytometry, TIL-tumor reactivity assays, and analysis of TCRβ sequencing data. Results: NSCLC showed an increased proportion of CD3 lymphocytes within the tumor-infiltrating leukocyte component as compared to matched normal lung tissue. The TIL compartment included a suppressed CD8 T cell subset expressing significantly higher levels of PD-1 and lacking cytolytic potential compared to T cells expanded from normal tissue. TIL contained a higher proportion of proliferating (Ki67 ) CD8 CD103 tissueresident memory (T ) cells expressing activation markers such as CTLA4, LAG3, PD1 and ICOS, and increased CD4 Tregs. Despite a highly immunosuppressive environment, TIL expansion was achieved with a success rate of 68% (n = 97) but appeared hindered in patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy treatment prior to surgery (56.2%, n = 16 vs 72.5% success rate in therapy-naïve patients). In addition, expansion efficiency (number expanded and time of culture) of TIL and matched lung residing lymphocytes were significantly associated (r = 0.379, p = 0.017, n = 39). Importantly, expanded CD8 TIL products were oligoclonal and showed reactivity toward autologous tumors. Conclusions: Although NSCLC TIL are functionally inhibited in vivo they can be successfully expanded ex vivo and demonstrate recognition of autologous tumor cells. These data suggest that TIL can potentially be used for adoptive T cell-based immunotherapy in NSCLC.
Role of chemotherapy and targeted therapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer; Introduction: Adjuvant platinum based chemotherapy is accepted as standard of care in stage II and III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients and is often considered in patients with stage IB disease who have tumors ≥ 4 cm. The survival advantage is modest with approximately 5% at 5 years. Areas covered: This review article presents relevant data regarding chemotherapy use in the perioperative setting for early stage NSCLC. A literature search was performed utilizing PubMed as well as clinical trial.gov. Randomized phase III studies in this setting including adjuvant and neoadjuvant use of chemotherapy as well as ongoing trials on targeted therapy and immunotherapy are also discussed. Expert commentary: With increasing utilization of screening computed tomography scans, it is possible that the percentage of early stage NSCLC patients will increase in the coming years. Benefits of adjuvant chemotherapy in early stage NSCLC patients remain modest. There is a need to better define patients most likely to derive survival benefit from adjuvant therapy and spare patients who do not need adjuvant chemotherapy due to the toxicity of such therapy. Trials for adjuvant targeted therapy, including adjuvant EGFR-TKI trials and trials of immunotherapy drugs are ongoing and will define the role of these agents as adjuvant therapy.
Immunotherapy in non-metastatic non-small cell lung cancer: Can the benefits of stage IV therapy be translated into earlier stages?; Over the last decade, several steps forward in the treatment of patients with stage IV non-small cell lung cancer (NCSLC) were made. Examples are the use of pemetrexed, pemetrexed maintenance therapy, or bevacizumab for patients with nonsquamous NSCLC. A big leap forward was the use of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients selected on the basis of an activating oncogene, such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activating mutations or anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) translocations. However, all of these achievements could not be translated into survival benefits when studied in randomized controlled trials in patients with nonmetastatic NSCLC. Aside from chemotherapy and targeted therapy, immunotherapy has become the third pillar in the treatment armamentarium of advanced NSCLC. Antigen-specific immunotherapy (cancer vaccination) has been disappointing in large phase III clinical trials in stages I–III NSCLC. Based on the recent breakthroughs with immune checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapy in metastatic NSCLC, much hope currently rests on the use of this approach in patients with stage I–III NSCLC as well. Here we give a brief overview of how most new therapeutic approaches for advanced NSCLC failed in other stages, and then elaborate on the role of immunotherapy in patients with stage I–III NSCLC.
Phase II trial of atezolizumab before and after definitive chemoradiation for patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC; Background: More than 40,000 US patients per year present with stage III NSCLC. These patients are of particular interest in that most are not resectable and while they can be treated with curative intent with excellent initial responses, only approximately 25% will be cured by conventional chemoradiotherapy. This, together with the generally better health of this cohort compared to patients with metastatic NSCLC, makes these patients ideal candidates for studies of immunotherapy to increase cure rates. The combination of checkpoint inhibition to counter tumor related immunosuppression along with standard chemoradiotherapy that depletes T-regulatory cells should create immunologic “space” to facilitate clonal expansion of effector Tcells in an environment that fosters improved tumor immunogenicity by blocking PD-L1. Responses to immunotherapy seem to be higher in patients for whom significant cytoreduction can be achieved, such as with radiation of all known disease. Further, both chemotherapy and radiation may expose otherwise hidden antigens that can present additional targets to the reconstituting immune system. Method: This phase II single arm Alliance Foundation study (NCT03102242) will evaluate safety and efficacy of atezolizumab before and after definitive chemoradiotherapy. 63 patients with stage III NSCLC, PS 0-1, no active autoimmune disease, adequate cardiopulmonary function and no underlying organ dysfunction will be enrolled at 15 Alliance sites in the US. Treatment consists of 4 cycles of neoadjuvant atezolizumab 1200 mg IV q 21 days before chemoradiotherapy with restaging after cycles 2 and 4. Nonprogressing patients undergo weekly carboplatin and paclitaxel concurrent with 60 Gy thoracic radiotherapy followed by 2 cycles of carboplatin and paclitaxel consolidation followed by completion of one year of atezolizumab. The primary endpoint of this pilot study is disease control (CR+PR+SD) after neoadjuvant atezolizumab. Secondary endpoints include ORR, PFS and OS, safety and QoL assessed by the EORTC QLQ-30. Translational endpoints seek to define the role of PD-L1 biomarker testing in selecting the population most likely to respond to neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapy together with standard chemoradiotherapy and to study the association of biomarkers, including immunologic signatures, with response and survival. Tumor tissue will be assessed at study entry and, where possible, at progression. Plasma and immune cells will be assessed at baseline, post neoadjuvant atezolizumab, post chemoradiotherapy, during adjuvant atezolizumab and at study completion or progression. Analyzes may include multi-panel immunohistochemistry, gene expression profiling, whole exome and T cell receptor sequencing, cytokine/chemokine analysis, flow cytometry immunophenotyping, and T cell function. Result: Not applicable. Conclusion: Not applicable. Keywords: Neoadjuvant clinical trial, Immunotherapy, Stage III NSCLC.
Planning an academic career in lung cancer; Decision making in life is not always easy. This is applicable not just for patient care but also for matters related to our own-self and is particularly true in the context of career options in medicine. Over the past few decades, the level of expertise provided by health-care providers has enhanced considerably from having comprehensive 'all-inone' doctors to specialists to super-specialists and currently focused super-specialists. This has been associated with the practice of medicine having changed from 'evidence-based-medicine' to 'personalized medicine' and currently of 'precision medicine' and 'tailor-made' therapies. This has largely been based on an increase in the quantity and quality of research being conducted worldwide. A majority of this research occurs in academic medical centers/university hospitals wherein faculty/attending consultants are not just involved in patient care but have to devote a substantial percentage of their time in planning and conducting research as well as teaching undergraduate/ postgraduate residents and fellows. So the natural questions that crop up for someone in training are: 1) 'How do I decide whether I am inclined to be working in an academic institute?' [Will I be able to 'gel-in' or be a complete misfit?] '2) What is the time-point during my training/ post-training period when I need to take the decision of pursuing an academic career?' 3) 'What are the essential and desirable qualities/ traits that are conducive to working in an academic set-up?' There are no straightforward answers to any of these. However, generally during the final year of fellowship, most individuals are able to decide whether they would like to continue working in an academic centre or not. This is often possible with guidance from course faculty. The chief-guide under whom the individual has been pursuing research (thesis/ dissertation) may be able to identify if the latter has an 'academic bent of mind' and provide mentorship and help the transition from 'fellow' (in-training) to full-time faculty ['attending' consultant]. It is important for anyone intending to pursue an academic career to realize that conducting and participating in research is an integral part as opposed to working in non-academic centers where patient care is the primary focus. Inclination towards research may sometimes manifest as being able to identify 'grey' areas in practice of medicine (clinical situations for which there are no clear-cut answers). The best researchers are and often have been those who are able to identify these areas of uncertainty related to diagnosis and treatment of a particular condition or disease and carry out research directed to answer the queries that they had in their minds when picking up these uncertainties. Keeping abreast of the latest developments in one's focus area (by regularly accessing and reading the latest publications in peer reviewed journals) as well as publishing one's own experience/research in such journals is thus part and parcel of one's job profile while working in an academic center. For lung cancer - a disease that carries the highest cancerrelated mortality amongst both gender combined and the commonest cancer in males, there have been very encouraging developments in the last couple of decades and especially the last five years. We now have five pillars for treatment - targeted therapy and more lately immunotherapy coming in as very useful additions to traditional modalities (surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy). And these are truly exciting times for carrying out research in lung cancer in several ways: 1) Number of investigational molecules (targeted therapy and immunotherapy) being developed/tested in preclinical/clinical trials is increasing at an unparalleled rate 2) Conventional pathway followed for testing [preclinical, phase-1, phase-2, phase-3 clinical trials] is being modified to reduce time to clinical approval for successful drugs by having combined phase 1/2 or phase 2/3 trials. 3) Intense efforts are being made to expand indications for already approved/available drugs e.g. assessing utility of targeted agents in early stage/resectable NSCLC and of combination regimens (EGFR-TKIs/ALK inhibitors+ chemotherapy, PD-1/PD-L1 immune check-point inhibitors+ chemotherapy). Several unaddressed issues exist in lung cancer currently which require concerted efforts and inputs from researchers worldwide including: 1) Improving the screening algorithm for early detection such that false positive results and need for/number of invasive procedures required is reduced. Development of blood, sputum or exhaled-breath based screening tests could find greater acceptability and applicability worldwide. 2) Improving the genomic understanding of SCLC - a histological subtype without significant advances in the past leading treatment to be essentially with two modalities (chemotherapy and radiation). Identifying 'targetable' molecular aberrations can revolutionize management of this aggressive histological type while ongoing efforts to establish the role of immune check-point inhibitors continue. 3) Detection of EGFR sensitizing mutations and acquired T790M resistance-conferring mutation (for initiating 1st/2nd generation EGFR-TKIs and osimertinib respectively) in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA; sometimes called circulating free tumor DNA - cfDNA) is already applicable in clinical practice and potentially can be used for monitoring treatment responses also. Next-generation-sequencing( NGS) platforms appear promising in detecting both somatic pointmutations and rearrangements/fusions with minimal tissue and/or ctDNA. Development and validation of methods for non-invasive biological monitoring of responses to chemotherapy, radiation, immunotherapy and non-EGFR targeted therapies in the complete spectrum of histological types (SCLC, squamous and non-squamous NSCLC) and disease stage distribution (neoadjuvant treatment preceding surgery, post-surgery - adjuvant setting, locally advanced NSCLC following induction concurrent chemo-radiation and metastatic setting) will make it more convenient for patients and treating oncologists alike. The advantages of working in an academic setup in lung cancer are apparent both for the clinician and his/her colleagues in other clinical departments/basic sciences. Current research and clinical practice requires collaboration of different disciplines [pulmonology, diagnostic and interventional radiology (including nuclear imaging), pathology (histopathology, cytopathology, molecular pathology), thoracic surgery/ surgical oncology, radiation oncology and medical oncology]. Based upon the academic institute's geographical location, the number/ work profile of departments that exist for a given discipline may vary considerably. These variations notwithstanding, the bottom-line is that reaching out to and working together with colleagues from other departments and disciplines [multidisciplinary team approach] is mandatory for attempting conduct of high-quality research and delivery of high-quality patient care in thoracic oncology. This potential advantage and benefit also comes with several challenges. One is required to carefully balance and utilize working hours for patient care, research and training while attempting to do the best in all three fields. This invariably, if not mandatorily, leads to spill-over of work into 'offwork' hours and impinges on 'family-hours' or 'personal-time.' The support of one's spouse, parents and children in such settings cannot be undermined or understated. One needs to keep a balance between 'All-work-and-no-play makes Jack a frustrated man' versus 'Jack-of-alltrades and master-of-none'. Neither is desirable and the ultimate aim is to have a satisfying career in thoracic oncology while working in an academic setting wherein one is able to: 1) provide patients (often under-privileged and belonging to poor socio-economic strata) the best diagnostic and treatment facilities (despite presence of resource constraints) - Patient Care 2) be involved in clinically relevant basic and translational research that has the potential to improve patient care in one's own geographical location - Research 3) share one's experience with residents/fellows and colleagues within the institute and outside.
Elevation: NSCLC-101 - A phase 1b study of PDR001 combined with chemotherapy in PD-L1 unselected, metastatic NSCLC patients; Background: PDR001 is a high-affinity, humanized antiprogramed cell death-1 (PD-1) antibody that blocks interaction with programmed cell death ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. Results from phase 1/2 study have shown that PDR001 has a manageable safety profile and preliminary antitumor activity in advanced solid tumors. ElevatION:NSCLC-101 is the first study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of PDR001 plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy in patients with PD-L1 unselected, advanced NSCLC. Method: ElevatION:NSCLC-101 is an open-label, multicenter, phase 1b study (NCT03064854) of PDR001 plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy in patients (≥18 years) with squamous or nonsquamous, stage IIIB (not a candidate for definitive multimodality therapy) or stage IV or relapsed locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, lacking EGFR-sensitizing mutation and/or ALK- or ROS1-rearrangements. Other inclusion criteria: ECOG PS 0-1, ≥1 measurable lesion (per RECIST v1.1), relapse for >12 months from the end of neoadjuvant or adjuvant systemic therapy. PD-L1 expression will be assessed but will not be used to determine eligibility. This study comprises 2 parts (dose-confirmation and dose-expansion) and 4 treatment groups (A, B, C, and D). Groups A, B, and C (dose-confirmation and dose-expansion parts) will include treatment-naïve patients. Group D (dose-expansion part) will include second line patients - those who have received only 1 prior systemic therapy consisting of a PD-1 and/or PD-L1 inhibitor ± CTLA-4 inhibitor (last dose of prior immunotherapy, ≥6 weeks prior to start of study treatment). The treatment-naïve patients will receive gemcitabine/cisplatin (group A) or pemetrexed/cisplatin (group B) or paclitaxel/carboplatin (group C) plus PDR001 (initially 300 mg q3w; if intolerable, a provisional dose level (×1) of 300 mg q6w will be explored) for up to 4 cycles followed by maintenance with PDR001 ± pemetrexed (group B). The second-line patients (group D) will be randomized (1:1) to either platinum-doublet chemotherapy (pemetrexed/cisplatin or pemetrexed/carboplatin) alone/combined with PDR001. Primary endpoints: dose-confirmation part - MTD and/or recommended dose for expansion (DLTs during first 6 weeks of therapy; for groups A, B, and C); dose-expansion part - investigator-assessed ORR per RECIST v1.1 (for groups A, B, and C). Secondary endpoints: ORR (for group D); PFS, DCR, DOR, TTR (for groups A, B, C, and D); OS, PK, and safety. The study enrollment is still ongoing. Approximately 6 to 20 treatment-naïve patients will be assigned to each group (A, B, C) and once MTD/RDE is established, w20 additional patients will be enrolled in each treatment group; w60 pretreated patients will be enrolled in group D. Result: Not applicable. Conclusion: Not applicable.
SAKK16/14-perioperative anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Improving the outcome of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the major challenges in thoracic oncology. SAKK substantially contributed to establish a standard of care for patients with stage III NSCLC: The trial SAKK 16/96 established neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin and docetaxel. The randomized trial SAKK 16/00 showed no benefit by adding radiotherapy as third treatment modality to chemotherapy and surgery. Our results consistently showed a 5-year overall survival (OS) of 37%. However, it seems very difficult to further improve the OS by conventional therapies. Method: This is a single-arm phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate the addition of perioperative immunotherapy with the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab to the previously established standard of care for stage IIIA(N2) patients, which is based on the trials SAKK 16/96 and SAKK 16/00. Eligible patients with WHO performance status 0-1 and age of 18-75 years must have pathologically proven NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0) according to the 7th edition of the TNM classification, irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Tumor tissue has to be available for the mandatory translational research. Patients whose tumor is deemed resectable at diagnosis receive three cycles of chemotherapy with cisplatin 100 mg/m2 and docetaxel 85 mg/m2 every three weeks followed by two cycles of durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks. Following surgery, patients will be treated with durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks for 12 months. Patients with R1/R2 resection and patients with extracapsular spread of mediastinal lymph node metastases may undergo standard radiotherapy prior to adjuvant treatment with durvalumab. The primary endpoint of the trial is event-free survival at 12 months. Secondary endpoints include OS, objective response, nodal down-staging, complete resection, pattern of recurrence and toxicity. Additionally, a large translation research program accompanies the trial investigating potential predictive biomarkers of anti-PD-L1 therapy. Result: Not applicable. Conclusion: Not applicable.
Distinct immune status in patients with adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma: Implication for immunotherapy of NSCLC; Background: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer mortality worldwide therefore understanding the role of immune system in antitumor immunity is of a great interest. Here we compared immune cell infiltration and responses in tumors and non-tumoral lung tissue from43 adenocarcinomas (AC) and 39 squamous cell carcinomas (SCC) of nonsmall cell lung cancer patients. Method: In this study we compared immune cell populations, T cell responses and secreted cytokines in primary tumors and non-tumoral lung tissue as well as in blood of nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients undergoing neoadjuvant surgery. Moreover, we compared immune suppressive populations such as CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T regulatory cells and myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSC). Result: Whereas T, B and NK cells infiltration was comparable in AC and SCC, the number of dendritic cells was lower in SCC tumors. CD8+ T cell and NK cell proliferation, IFN-g-production from T cells and secretion of proinflammatory cytokines after stimulation in vitro was lower in SCC compared to AC tumors. A higher number of Tregs was detected in tumors and blood of AC patients, whereas a higher number of MDSC was found in SCC patients. The suppressive function of Tregs was comparable between AC and SCC patients, but MDSC in SCC patients displayed a higher suppressive function as shown by inhibition of CD3z expression and IL-2 and IFN-g production in T cells, Lox-1 plasma concentrations compared to AC patients and agematched controls. Conclusion: Our results suggest that immune system of SCC patients might be subjected to higher immunosuppression than AC patients. Our observations also give rationale to target specifically MDSC in SCC patients and Tregs in AC patients for designing combinatorial immunotherapeutic approaches.
Immunotherapy in oesophageal cancer; Immunotherapeutic approaches have demonstrated clinical efficacy in several advanced cancer types like melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer and renal cell carcinoma. In oesophago-gastric tumours we can found PD-L1 upregulation in about 40%, but the PD-L1 is expressed, in contrast to other tumour types, mainly on infiltrating lymphocytes and less on tumour cells. Other potential biomarkers could be the extent of infiltrating lymphocytes or the mutational load, which is often very high in the oesophago-gastric adenocacrcinoma. A lot of phase -l/ll trials have been performed with single agent checkpoint inhibitors in gastric and oesophago-gastric tumours and showed response rates of 22-27% for patients with PD-L1+ tumours and 10-17% for unselected patients. In addition, in patients with squamous oesophageal cancer durable anti-tumor activity was observed with 15-20% overall response rate. Most of the ongoing studies in the advanced setting are now investigating combinations of checkpoint inhibitors with targeted therapies or chemotherapies. The adjuvant approach to improve patient outcomes has failed using chemotherapy and radiotherapy due to the high postoperative morbidity. Here immunotherapy could be an alternative. Additionally, to block the PD-1 pathway earlier in a disease course may be the better way to have an immune-mediated cancer regression. The most important study in this setting is the CheckMate-577 study, a randomized phase III study of adjuvant nivolumab/placebo for patients with resected oesophageal cancer and still residual tumor in the specimen. For the inclusion in this trial a poor prognosis group of patients is clinically selected by the response to the neoadjuvant chemoradiation. This group of patients has a 5y-survival of only 30-40% without further therapy. This important and large trial in the adjuvant setting is ongoing; other smaller trials are investigating checkpoint inhibitors in the neoadjuvant setting together with radiation therapy. However, we already know that the biology of adenocarcinoma of distal oesophagus, gastro-oesophageal junction carcinoma and adenocarcinoma of cardia is distinctive; therefore we may In the future select patients for immunotherapy according to mutational changes and immune microenvironment.
Preoperative chemotherapy and radiotherapy concomitant to cetuximab in stage IIIB NSCLC: A multicenter phase II SAKK; Background: Stage IIIB NSCLC treatment is definitive chemo-radiotherapy (CRT). In our SAKK 16/01 trial, neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT) followed by neoadjuvant accelerated radiotherapy (RT) and surgery showed a median survival of 28.7 months (mos) in selected stage IIIB patients (pts). These promising results are the rationale for the current trimodality concept, introducing concomitant cetuximab (CET) to neoadjuvant CRT. Methods: Pts with pathologically proven resectable stage IIIB (T4N0-3M0 or T1- 4N3M0, 6th TNM) NSCLC, PS 0-1, and adequate organ function were treated with 3 cycles of neoadjuvant CT (cisplatin 100 mg/m2 and docetaxel 85 mg/m2 d1, q3w) followed by accelerated concomitant boost RT (44 Gy in 22 fractions in 3 weeks), both with concomitant weekly CET (250mg/m2) and subsequent surgery. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS) at 1 year (yr). Results: 69 pts were treated in 11 Swiss centers. 2/3 were men, median age was 60 yrs. Histology was squamous in 41%and adenocarcinoma in 49%, with T4 disease in 61%, N3 in 46%and both in 7%. A median relative total dose intensity of 99%of CT and 91%of CET was delivered. Per protocol RT was delivered to 95% of pts. 57 (83%) pts underwent surgery, with complete resection (R0) in 74%and a postoperative 30d mortality of 4%. Response rate after CT-immunotherapy was 57% and 64% after CRT-immunotherapy (CRT-I). Major pathologic response was found in 36%of the resected pts. 1-yr PFS based on Kaplan-Meier estimation was 50% (95% CI: 37%-62%). Median PFS was 12 mos (95%CI: 9-16), median OS was 21 mos (95% CI: 14-25), with a 2 and 3-yr survival of 41%and 30%, respectively. Conclusions: This is one of the largest prospective phase II trials to evaluate the role of induction CRT-I and surgery in resectable stage IIIB disease, and the first to associate concurrent CET to the neoadjuvant strategy. Trial treatment is feasible with excellent adherence to the protocol and promising clinical and pathological response rates, PFS and OS, supporting an aggressive approach including surgery in selected IIIB pts. As compared to our previous SAKK 16/01 experience, the addition of CET does not improve the outcome of this group of locally advanced NSCLC pts.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab in early-stage, resectable non-small cell lung cancers; Background: Anti-PD-1 therapy produces objective and often durable responses in ∼20% of unselected patients (pts) with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the role of PD-1 blockade in treating resectable NSCLC is unknown. This is the first study to test nivolumab in the neoadjuvant setting. This trial design provides an opportunity to examine anti-PD-1 mechanism of action and immunologic correlates of outcomes. Methods: Patients with Stage IB - IIIA NSCLC received 2 doses of nivolumab 3mg/kg over 4 weeks before surgery. The primary endpoint was safety in 20 patients with resected NSCLC. E ficacy was explored using objective pathologic response criteria. Correlative studies of the tumor immune microenvironment, tumor mutation and predicted neoantigen loads, and changes in T cell receptor (TCR) clonality in tumor and blood pre and post treatment were conducted. Results: 22 pts were treated. Nivolumab was well-tolerated and no surgeries were delayed. 1 pt withdrew from study preop without progression or toxicity. Among the 21 attempted resections, 1 tumor was unresectable. 9/21 (43%, 95% CI 24-63%) had a major pathologic response ( < 10% viable tumor cells in resection specimen). With a median postop follow-up of 9 months, 18 pts (86%) remain alive and recurrence free. Pre-treatment tumor exome sequencing showed a correlation between both tumor mutation and predicted neoantigen loads with pathologic response. Multiplex immunohistochemistry of pre- and post-treatment tumors showed an influx of PD-1+CD8+ T cells into responding tumors. TCR sequencing demonstrated that expanded peripheral T cell clones after treatment match clones found in the tumor. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant nivolumab in resectable NSCLC did not delay surgery. Major pathologic response rate was encouraging and compares favorably to outcomes with cisplatin-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Genomic analyses suggest that higher mutational and neoantigen burden could result in deeper pathologic response. Immunologic analyses support the detection of intra-tumoral T cell clones in the blood after treatment with nivolumab and may provide further insight into the molecular and immunologic features of response and non-response to PD-1 blockade.
A phase II study of atezolizumab as neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy in patients (pts) with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: Trials of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy have demonstrated an absolute survival benefit of 5% for patients with early stage disease. Atezolizumab is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that inhibits PD-L1 from binding to its receptors PD-1 and B7.1, thereby restoring anti-tumor immune response. In the OAK trial, a randomized phase III trial of patients with metastatic NSCLC who progressed on platinum based chemotherapy, atezolizumab improved overall survival in patients regardless of PD-L1 expression compared with docetaxel (13.8 months vs. 9.6 months, HR 0.73 [95% CI 0.62 - 0.87]) with a manageable safety profile. Methods: NCT02927301 is a phase II, open-label, single-arm study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atezolizumab as a neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy in patients with Stage IB, II, or IIIA NSCLC prior to curative-intent resection. Approximately 180 patients with NSCLC will be enrolled in this study at 15 academic medical centers in the United States. The study has two parts: the primary part will evaluate the ability of neoadjuvant atezolizumab to produce pathologic responses in patients with early stage NSCLC. Atezolizumab 1200 mg IV will be given every 3 weeks for two doses. Surgical resection of tumors following treatment will allow determination of pathologic response rates and potential predictive biomarkers. Part 2 is exploratory and will evaluate atezolizumab adjuvant therapy for up to 12 months in patients who demonstrate clinical benefit in Part 1. The primary endpoint is major pathologic response rate (defined as ≤ 10% of viable tumor tissue) based on surgical resection. Secondary end points include overall response rate by status of mutation load, neoantigen score and gene expression signatures. OS and DFS are exploratory end points. This trial presents a unique opportunity to evaluate exploratory biomarkers given the availability of pre- and post-treatment biopsy specimens for assessment of evolution of immune related markers associated with response.
Checkmate 816: A phase 3, randomized, open-label trial of nivolumab plus ipilimumab vs platinum-doublet chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for early-stage NSCLC; Background: At initial diagnosis, 20% of patients (pts) with NSCLC present with early-stage disease. The 5-year overall survival (OS) rate after surgery for stage IB-IIIA NSCLC is 25%-60%. Addition of adjuvant chemotherapy to surgery only provides a 5% absolute OS benefit at 5 years. Neoadjuvant treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors may extend OS in early-stage NSCLC by enhancing systemic immunity and eradicating micrometastatic disease. In contrast to the adjuvant setting, the neoadjuvant setting is associated with a higher tumor burden, the presence of abundant tumor antigens, and the consequent potential for tumor-associated neoantigen presentation to the immune system. In an ongoing feasibility trial in pts with stage IB-IIIA NSCLC, nivolumab (nivo; a fully human PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitor antibody) given alone as neoadjuvant treatment induced a major pathological response (MPR; < 10% residual viable tumor cells) rate of 39% (7/18), did not delay or interfere with surgery, and was not associated with new safety signals. In a phase 1 study in pts with stage IIIB/IV NSCLC, first-line nivo + ipilimumab (ipi; a CTLA-4 immune checkpoint inhibitor antibody) showed a greater radiologic objective response rate than nivo alone (39% vs 23%). These data provided the rationale for Checkmate 816 (NCT02998528), a phase 3 study evaluating nivo + ipi vs platinum-doublet chemotherapy as neoadjuvant treatment for early-stage NSCLC. Methods: Approximately 326 pts aged ≥18 years with resectable stage IB/II/IIIA NSCLC, ECOG performance status 0-1, pulmonary function capable of tolerating lung resection, and available lung tumor tissue will be enrolled in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia. Pts are ineligible if they have autoimmune disease or had received prior treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors. Pts will be randomized to receive nivo + ipi or platinum-doublet chemotherapy. The primary endpoint is MPR rate. Secondary endpoints include event-free survival, OS, and complete pathological response.
A histologic guide in treating stage III nonesmall cell lung cancer: A single institution retrospective analysis; Purpose/Objective(s): MoststudiesexaminingtreatingpatientswithStageIII nonesmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) include 3 histologic types: adenocarcinoma, and squamous cell and large cell carcinoma. Currently, the 2 most often used chemotherapy regimens concurrent with radiation in these patients is Carboplatin/Paclitaxel and Cisplatin/Etoposide (1,2). To date, studies incorporating patients with Stage III NSCLC are enrolled regardless of histology type. Nonetheless, advances in genomic data show that patients with NSCLC with different histology have distinct gene expression profiles and driver mutations that further distinguish adenocarcinoma from squamous cell carcinoma (3). Moreover, data from a landmark study showed an improvement in both PFS &OS by treating patients with Stage IV NSCLC based on tumor histology (4). For these reasons, our team asked the question if treating patients with Stage III NSCLC according to histologic type had any difference in terms of response rate, PFS, or OS. Materials/Methods: We performed a retrospective review of records at our institution to identify patients with NSCLC who received chemoradiation therapy from 2009-2015. A total of 126 patients were identified and 37 out of these met our inclusion criteria. Most of these patients received either Carboplatin/Paclitaxel or Cisplatin/Etoposide concurrent with radiation, either as induction followed by surgery or as definitive chemoradiation therapy. We then examined the outcomes of this patient cohort in response rate, PFS, and OS around stratification of tumor histology, squamous versus non-squamous. Results: Our team did not identify a difference in response rate in patients with Stage III NSCLC treated with chemoradiation therapy based on tumor histology (squamous vs non-squamous), 57.14% vs 42.86% (P=.9181). We also did not identify a difference in either PFS (HR: 0.524; 95% CI: 0.200-1.370) or OS (HR: 0.693; 95% CI: 0.184-2.599) based on tumor histology (squamous vs non-squamous). Conclusion: Our review did not identify a statistical difference in terms of response rate, PFS, or OS in patients with Stage III NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant or definitive chemoradiation therapy amongst tumor histology (squamous vs non-squamous). Furthermore, data from a phase 3 trial comparing the 2 chemotherapy regimens (Pemetrexed/Cisplatin vs Etoposide/Cisplatin) in patients with locally advanced non-squamous NSCLC did not identify a difference in outcomes (5). Consequently, given the overall poor prognosis of this patient population treated with chemoradiation therapy regardless of histology or chemotherapy regimen used, new innovative approaches to treatment are essential in improving future outcomes. Potential approaches might include interval imaging to assess disease response to guide whether to change chemotherapy regimens and effectively integrating the use of newer targeted agents and immunotherapy in treatment of this patient population.
A histologic guide in treating stage III nonesmall cell lung cancer: A single institution retrospective analysis; Purpose/Objective(s): Most studies examining treating patientswithStage III nonesmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) include 3 histologic types: adenocarcinoma, and squamous cell and large cell carcinoma. Currently, the 2 most often used chemotherapy regimens concurrent with radiation in these patients is Carboplatin/ Paclitaxel and Cisplatin/Etoposide (1,2). To date, studies incorporating patients with Stage III NSCLC are enrolled regardless of histology type. Nonetheless, advances in genomic data showthat patients with NSCLCwith different histology have distinct gene expression profiles and driver mutations that further distinguish adenocarcinoma from squamous cell carcinoma (3). Moreover, data from a landmark study showed an improvement in both PFS&OS by treating patients with Stage IV NSCLC based on tumor histology (4). For these reasons, our team asked the question if treating patientswith Stage IIINSCLC according to histologic type had any difference in terms of response rate, PFS, or OS. Materials/Methods: We performed a retrospective review of records at our institution to identify patients with NSCLC who received chemoradiation therapy from 2009-2015. A total of 126 patients were identified and 37 out of these met our inclusion criteria. Most of these patients received either Carboplatin/Paclitaxel or Cisplatin/Etoposide concurrent with radiation, either as induction followed by surgery or as definitive chemoradiation therapy. We then examined the outcomes of this patient cohort in response rate, PFS, and OS around stratification of tumor histology, squamous versus non-squamous. Results: Our team did not identify a difference in response rate in patients with Stage III NSCLC treated with chemoradiation therapy based on tumor histology (squamous vs non-squamous), 57.14% vs 42.86% (PZ.9181). We also did not identify a difference in either PFS (HR: 0.524; 95% CI: 0.200-1.370) or OS (HR: 0.693; 95% CI: 0.184-2.599) based on tumor histology (squamous vs non-squamous). Conclusion: Our review did not identify a statistical difference in terms of response rate, PFS, or OS in patients with Stage III NSCLC treated with neoadjuvant or definitive chemoradiation therapy amongst tumor histology (squamous vs non-squamous). Furthermore, data from a phase 3 trial comparing the 2 chemotherapy regimens (Pemetrexed/Cisplatin vs Etoposide/ Cisplatin) in patients with locally advanced non-squamous NSCLC did not identify a difference in outcomes (5). Consequently, given the overall poor prognosis of this patient population treated with chemoradiation therapy regardless of histology or chemotherapy regimen used, new innovative approaches to treatment are essential in improving future outcomes. Potential approaches might include interval imaging to assess disease response to guide whether to change chemotherapy regimens and effectively integrating the use of newer targeted agents and immunotherapy in treatment of this patient population.
Immunotherapy and radiation therapy for operable early stage and locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer; Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common cause of cancer mortality. Although a significant proportion of patients can be cured with surgery, with or without adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation, a significant proportion of patients will fail, particularly distantly. Over fifty percent of patients present with stage IV disease. There are multiple forms of immunotherapy available including T-cell transfer, cytokine therapy, and oncolytic viruses. Checkpoint inhibitors have shown tremendous activity in NSCLC and are currently under intense study given promising data on response. Immunotherapy and radiation therapy (RT) both show significant immune editing activity in NSCLC that may allow the innate and adaptive immune system to help control systemic disease by both radiosensitization and a sustained systemic immune response. Multiple clinical trials are underway exploring the role of adjuvant or neoadjuvant immunotherapy in operable NSCLC. A substantial amount of progress is to be made in terms of optimizing radiation dose and fractionation, immunotherapy type and dose, and integrating both to best realize the benefits of immunotherapy and radiation in operable lung cancer.
Targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 axis in non–small cell lung cancer; The last decade has witnessed rapid advances in the discovery and development of immune checkpoint inhibitors in cancer medicine, particularly drugs targeting programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) and programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) in non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The proven antitumor efficacy coupled with low rates of drug-related toxicities observed, albeit idiosyncratic, with these novel immunotherapeutics have led to the registration of multiple PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors, such as nivolumab, pembrolizumab, and atezolizumab, in second-line advanced NSCLC, whereas durvalumab and avelumab are in late-phase clinical testing. Moreover, pembrolizumab has shown a survival advantage in the first-line setting; however, nivolumab failed to show a survival benefit possibly relating to patient selection based on PD-L1 expression. Current patient selection is based on PD-L1 expression, using the relevant companion diagnostic test, where patients with strong PD-L1 expression being more likely to respond to these novel agents. Ongoing clinical research focuses on the development of PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitor monotherapy in neoadjuvant and adjuvant NSCLC. There is also much interest in using these drugs as a therapeutic backbone for rational combinations with other treatment modalities including cytotoxic chemotherapies in the first-line NSCLC, other immunotherapies such as cytotoxic T-lymphocyte–associated protein 4 antagonists, molecularly targeted agents including EGFR and ALK inhibitors, and radiotherapy. Concurrent treatment with radiotherapy is of particular interest owing to the potential for the abscopal effect, using radiotherapy to facilitate systemic treatment.
Multidisciplinary team approach for the management of patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer: Searching the evidence to guide the decision; Locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) is composed of heterogeneous subgroups that require a multidisciplinary team approach in order to ensure optimal therapy for each patient. Since 2010, the National Comprehensive Cancer Network has recommended chemoradiation therapy (CRT) for bulky mediastinal disease and surgical combination for those patients with single-station N2 involvement who respond to neoadjuvant therapy. According to lung cancer tumor boards, thoracic surgeons make a decision on the resectability of the tumor, if it is determined to be unresectable, concurrent CRT (CCRT) is considered the next choice. However, the survival benefit of CCRT over sequential CRT or radiotherapy alone carries the risk of additional toxicity. Considering severe adverse events that may lead to death, fit patients who are able to tolerate CCRT must be identified by multidisciplinary tumor board. Decelerated approaches, such as sequential CRT or high-dose radiation alone may be a valuable alternative for patients who are not eligible for CCRT. As a new treatment strategy, investigators are interested in the application of the innovative radiation techniques, trimodality therapy combining surgery after high-dose definitive CCRT, and the combination of radiation with targeted or immunotherapy agents. The updated results and on-going studies are thoroughly reviewed in this article.
Pro chemotherapy; Despite the reduction in cigarette consumption in many parts of the world, the incidence and mortality rate of lung cancer will remain high in the year 2030.1 Over the last 50 years major advances in the treatment of lung cancer have included early detection by screening CT, improved cure rates with neo-adjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy, the successful integration of chemotherapy with radiation for locally advanced disease, and prolonged survival times with chemotherapy in the metastatic setting. More recently, the discovery of targetable mutations and development of a myriad of small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors have transformed the natural history of lung cancer in select subsets. Furthermore, immunotherapy is now a reality in the treatment of patients with stage IV non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Today, the integration of targeted agents and immunotherapy are being investigated in earlier stages of disease. With these recent advances, what does the future of chemotherapy hold in the treatment of stage I-IV NSCLC? Is there a future at all? Can we eliminate the need for chemotherapy altogether for most patients at any point in their disease history? The dream of replacing chemotherapy with more active, less toxic, and more convenient therapy for patients with stage I-IV NSCLC is a laudatory goal. Is it realistic by the year 2030? Certainly not. Chemotherapy is currently the only systemic therapy that has ever been known to cure patients in the neo-adjuvant or adjuvant setting for stage I-III NSCLC.2 While many targeted agents can prolong life in the metastatic setting, to date all of those tested in the adjuvant setting have failed to improve upon standard therapy.3-5 The graveyard of negative trials in the adjuvant setting includes those evaluating angiogenesis inhibition, epidermal growth factor tyrosine kinase inhibition, and vaccine therapy. The same can be said for locally advanced, unresectable NSCLC. While the integration of chemotherapy with radiation improves survival rates compared with radiation alone,6 thus far no other agents have successfully done so, including tyrosine kinase inhibitors, angiogenesis inhibitors, or monoclonal antibodies.7,8 In the metastatic setting, chemotherapy improves survival whether given as induction therapy or as maintenance therapy. Chemotherapy is also more active than targeted therapy in the vast majority of patients who do not harbor targetable mutations. Even with the stunning success of immunotherapy for some patients with advanced NSCLC, it appears this will not be curative in this setting and nearly all patients will still be getting chemotherapy at some point of their disease history. In other words, chemotherapy works for patients with stage I-IV NSCLC. Just as we will do with targeted therapy and immunotherapy, we will not abandon what works, but rather we will improve upon it. Chemotherapy works in a broad group of patients with lung cancer. It targets DNA, topoisomerase, and the mitotic spindle, which are the key targets in all cells. The majority of patients' tumors do not have targetable mutations and most patients do not respond to immunotherapy. While gains are expected over the next 15 years in targeted therapy and immunotherapy, it is likely that we will discover the plateau in the benefit to these strategies and eventually nearly all patients will develop resistance. While predicting the future is usually only a fool's errand, the past is prologue. So, what is the future of chemotherapy in NSCLC? Better drug delivery systems; developing combination therapy with DNA repair agents, cell cycle checkpoint modulators, and immunotherapy; and improved biomarkers for efficacy and toxicity are each on the horizon. Improved targeting of the cancer cell, increased cancer cell drug concentrations, and reduction of normal cell toxicity can be accomplished through nano-carriers.9 Nano-carriers can deliver chemotherapy directly to cancer cells by protecting these agents from being degraded in the circulation and being excessively protein bound, limiting active drug exposure. Nano-carriers include liposomes, carbon nanotubes, dendrimers, and polymeric compounds (micelles, conjugates, nanoparticles). These carriers are typically 100-150 nm in size but have large surface-to-surface volume ratios, enabling them to encapsulate cytotoxic agents and enhancing drug deliver to tumors. Thus far 8 have been FDA approved, including 2 polymer-protein conjugates, 5 liposomal formulations, and 1 polymeric nanoparticle, in various cancers. Another strategy to enhance drug delivery to tumors is through antibody-drug conjugates (ADC). These agents link an antibody to a protein overexpressed on the surface of a cancer cell to a potent cytotoxic such as a microtubule inhibitor or an alkylating agent. The cytotoxic is released only in the cancer cell after the ADC complex is internalized. Examples include TDM-1 and Brentuximab. Over 30 ADC's are under clinical investigation, including several against lung cancer including Rova-T and Sacituzumab. Another promising strategy for the future treatment of lung cancer involves combining chemotherapy with drugs that interfere with DNA repair, silence DNA repair genes, or inhibit cell cycle arrest.10 Examples of this approach include PARP inhibitors, DNA methylation agents, and checkpoint modulators. Combination trials of chemotherapy and immunotherapy are also underway. In this regard, ADC technology may prove a more effective strategy when combining cytotoxic drugs with immunotherapy. By improving chemotherapy drug delivery to cancer cells and reducing offtarget toxicities, nanotechnology has the potential to most effectively combine chemotherapy with immunotherapy. Lastly, despite decades of clinical investigation, most patients are empirically treated with chemotherapy, regardless of the molecular characteristics of the tumor and the pharmacogenomics of the patient. Refinements in these areas are expected in the upcoming years. In conclusion, for better or worse, in the year 2030 chemotherapy will remain standard of care for the majority of patients with stage I-IV NSCLC. But, the year 2040 or 2050 may be a different story.
Lung cancer vaccines: An update; Treatment of small-cell lung cancer (SCLC) has not been modified since decades: and consists in a chemotherapy (CT) with platin+etoposide+/-concurrent radiotherapy (RT) and prophylactic cranial irradiation in case of a (near)complete response to therapy. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) represents 85% of all lung cancers and around 50% are metastatic at presentation. Systemic treatment (platin-based doublets) has been implemented for stage IV NSCLC but also for locally advanced and early stages as a (neo)adjuvant therapy to surgery or RT. By the end of the XXth century, a plateau has been reached with CT in stage IV disease with similar results whatever the drug used in conjunction with platin-salt. Since the beginning of the XXIst century there have been tremendous innovations in the systemic treatment of NSCLC. First, adjunction of bevacizumab to CT for stage IV non-squamous cell carcinoma and the use of maintenance therapy have led to an improvement in median survival time (MST) exceeding now one year. Second, targeted therapies proved to be of major interest for patients with EGFR activating mutations leading to a MST>2 years. Other targets of interest have been found such as ALK and ROS1 translocations, V600EBRAF mutations leading to prolonged survival with appropriate treatments. Third, immunotherapy represents now an exciting approach especially for those patients without targetable mutations/translocations. Lung cancer has long been considered as a poor candidate for immunotherapy because of low content of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) compared to other tumors. On the other hand, in case of the presence of TIL the prognosis is better.1 The fact that incidence of lung cancer is especially high in patients who were transplanted2 or in patients with HIV infection3 is against the assumption of lung cancer being non immunogenic. There are two types of immunotherapy : the immune checkpoint blockers which aim at enhancing a T-cell response directed against tumoral cells and abrogate the immune tolerance and the therapeutic vaccines designed to induce or amplify an immune response directed against tumor-associated antigens (TAA). The immune checkpoint blockers in current development are anti CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies (ipilimumab), first used in the treatment of melanoma and now investigated in NSCLC and SCLC, anti PD1 (nivolumab, pembrolizumab) or anti PDL1 (avelumab, atezolizumab). All these molecules are now either at an advanced stage of development or already authorized.4 Therapeutic vaccines have already a long story beginning with Coley toxins at the end of the nineteenth century.5 The Coley's toxins, (cultures of streptococci) were infused in patients with bone and soft tissue sarcomas and some impressive regressions were observed. The hypothesis was that the immune reaction provoked by the infusion of the “toxins” present in the infectious material was able to destroy the tumoral cells. However, due to the reluctance of doctors to administer dangerous bacterial culture and the appearance of novel treatments of cancer (CT and RT), the Coley's toxin approach has been abandoned although numerous articles were devoted to this subject.6 Nonspecific vaccines using for example BCG to stimulate innate immunity have been disappointing as well in SCLC7,8 and NSCLC.9 Specific immunotherapy aims at the stimulation of adaptive immunity against the vaccine components and thus induces or amplifies an immune response against TAA. These vaccines are peptides (Tecemotide, MAGE-A3), cellular vaccines (Belagenpumatucel), or vaccines using viral vector (TG4010). Tecemotide and TG4010 are a MUC1 antigen-specific cancer immunotherapy. MUC1 is expressed at the apical surface of mucin-secreting normal epithelial cells of various tissues and can be overexpressed and aberrantly glycosylated in some tumors and thus is an attractive target for immunotherapy. Tecemotide is a liposomal vaccine. In a randomized phase II trial,10 171 NSCLC patients who were not progressing after induction CT or CT-RT received subcutaneous tecemotide plus best supportive care (BSC) or BSC alone as maintenance therapy. Median survival time (MST) was longer in patients receiving tecemotide (17.2 vs. 13.0 months) but this did not reach statistical significance. As in a post hoc analysis the benefit appeared to be more important for patients with stage IIIB disease, it was decided to perform a phase III study in locally advanced NSCLC11,12 comparing in nonprogressing patients after CT with platin-based doublet and RT, tecemotide versus placebo. MST was 25.8 months with tecemotide versus 22.4 months with placebo (HR 0.89, 95%CI 0.77-1.03, p=0.111). In the concurrent CT-RT subgroup, there was a significant survival benefit in favor of tecemotide whereas in the sequential CT-RT subgroup, survival did not differ between the two arms. A similar study13 was initiated in Asian people. This trial was prematurely terminated as the sponsor decided to discontinue program with tecemotide in NSCLC MAGE-A3 is an antigen expressed in 76% of melanoma and in 35% of NSCLC. It is absent from normal tissues except for testis and placenta. This vaccine has been investigated in early stage of NSCLC as an adjuvant treatment. A randomized phase II study14 compared the MAGE-3A vaccine to a placebo in 182 patients operated of a stage IB or II NSCLC with their tumor expressing MAGE-A3 antigen. The randomization was on a 2:1 basis. The main objective was to compare the Disease Free Interval (DFI) defined as the time from resection to the date of recurrence (any type) or second primary lung neoplasm. Although there was a trend toward a numerically longer DFI in the MAGE-A3 vaccine group, the main objective was not met. Nevertheless, even if these trends were by far not significant, the results appear promising to the sponsors and a phase III trial was launched (MAGRIT trial) with the same scheme.15 Unfortunately, the biggest trial ever performed with the inclusion of 2312 NSCLC patients is negative regarding as well the primary objective: disease- free survival (DFS) but also the secondary objective, DFS in the group of patients not receiving adjuvant chemotherapy or other subgroups. Belagenpumatucel-L is a vaccine comprising 4 tranforming growth factor-b2- antisense gene-modified irradiated allogeneic NSCLC cell lines. A randomized phase III trial16 comparing this vaccine to a placebo was performed after platinumbased CT for stage III/IV disease in non-progressing patients. This trial was negative with no difference in overall survival and in PFS. However, in a prespecified multivariate analysis, there was an improved survival for patients who were randomized within 12 weeks after CT and for patients who received prior radiation therapy. TG4010 is a suspension of a recombinant modified vaccinia virus strain Ankara coding for the MUC1 TAA and IL2. Feasibility of either upfront combination of TG4010 with cisplatine-vinorelbine or TG4010 alone until progression has been demonstrated in a phase II study.17 Sixty-five patients were randomized. Response rate was 30 % in the combined upfront schedule; MST was 12.7 months and one-year survival rate 53%. Taking into account these results, a phase II randomized study18 comparing CT with cisplatin and gemcitabine to the same CT + TG4010 was performed. One hundred and forty eight patients with stage IIIB or IV disease were included. The primary endpoint was 6-month PFS with the hypothesis that it will be at least 40% in the combined arm. This objective was met with a 6-months PFS of 43% compared to 35.1% in the CT alone arm. There was a non-significant trend toward a higher response rate and a longer time to progression in the combined arm. An exploratory analysis of the subgroups defined by the level of activated NK cells (CD16+CD56+CD69+lymphocytes or TrPAL) shows that a better outcome was observed for those patients with normal level of TrPAL and that the vaccine might be deleterious for those with high level of TrPAL. A phase IIB was then performed to confirm the role of the level of TrPAL.19 222 patients were randomly allocated to CT+TG4010 or CT+placebo. Median PFS was 5.9 months in the TG4010 group versus 5.1 months in the placebo group (HR 0.74, 95%CI 0.55-0.98, p= 0.019). In patients with TrPAL values less or equal ULN, the HR for PFS was 0.75 (95%CI 0.51-1.03) with a posterior probability of HR being <1 of 98.4% and thus the primary endpoint was met. In patients with high level of TrPAL, there was no deleterious effect but no benefit as the HR for PFS was 0.77 (95%CI 0.42-1.40). As a conclusion, all studies with vaccines have been quite disappointing. To the best of my knowledge, the only vaccine still under investigation remains TG4010, but phase III trial is not implemented at this time. In each vaccine study some efficacy has been observed in subgroups of NSCLC patients but mostly in post hoc analyses. All vaccine studies have shown that there are no safety problems. The fact that nowadays, considerable interest has been developed toward checkpoint inhibitors, probably explains the disaffection toward vaccines. Hopefully it will be only transient and the already long story of therapeutic vaccines will continue.
Lung cancer PD-L1 mRNA expression profile and clinical outcomes-an analysis from the cancer genome atlas and cancer cell line encyclopedia; Background: Programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) has become one of the most studied biomarkers in early, and advanced non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC). Conflicting results have been reported in the literature on the value of PD-L1 in predicting survival in surgically resected lung cancers. Our aim was to evaluate mRNA PD-L1 expression and survival based on the data available from the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA), and Cancer Cell Line Encyclopedia (CCLE). Methods: To determine the expression profile and clinical correlations of PD-L1 in lung cancers we used publicly available lung adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) data from TCGA, and small cell and NSCLC line data from the CCLE. We performed Kaplan-Meier and correlation analyses to show how PD-L1 expression correlates with overall survival and other clinical variables. Lung cancer and normal tissue expression comparisons were also performed using normal tissue expressions from the Genotype-Tissue Expression (GTEx) project. Results: PD-L1 mRNA expression from RNA sequencing was available for 517 lung adenocarcinoma and 501 lung SCC samples in the TCGA. The CCLE database contained PD-L1 expression for 12 small cell and 75 NSCLC cell lines. Lung cancers demonstrated a higher PD-L1 expression than most other cancers and normal tissues, and we found that PD-L1 expression was significantly higher in SCC than in adenocarcinoma (p<0.001). Furthermore, PD-L1 showed a significantly higher expression level in pathologic stage II SCC compared to stages I, III, and IV (p<0.05, p<0.05, p<0.001, respectively). Interestingly, stage IV was associated with a lower PD-L1 expression compared to stages I, II, and III (p<0.001). We did not identify similar expression associations with pathologic stage in adenocarcinoma. However, we found that current and also reformed smokers for less than 15 years had a higher PD-L1 expression in adenocarcinoma (p<0.05), but not in SCC. PD-L1 expression was not significantly associated with a survival difference in any stage or histology subgroups. Using the CCLE data we found that NSCLC cell lines show various expression of PD-L1 that is significantly higher compared to lung small cell carcinoma (p<0.001). Conclusion: The value of PD-L1 expression based on mRNA sequencing in predicting survival in anti PD-1 naïve patients appears to be limited. However, the levels of PD-L1 expression in various disease stages and subgroups of lung cancer patients provide rational for neoadjuvant or window-of-opportunity immunotherapy trials, which would enable us to sort out the mechanisms and to identify patients best suited for immunotherapy.
A Phase II study of atezolizumab as neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy in patients (PTS) with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Background: There is no curative treatment for patients with NSCLC who develop metastatic disease after resection. Trials of neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy have demonstrated an absolute survival benefit of 5% for patients with stages IB, II, and IIIA disease. Clearly, developing new treatment strategies to improve survival following resection is critical to improving outcomes for this patient population. Immunotherapy with checkpoint inhibitors such as antibodies to PD-1 and PD-L1 has demonstrated superior survival compared to chemotherapy in randomized clinical trials. PD-L1 expression is being investigated as a predictive biomarker for these therapies, but its ability to predict response has varied in published trials. Atezolizumab is a humanized IgG1 monoclonal PD-L1 antibody that was recently evaluated in the POPLAR trial (NCT01903993), a phase II randomized trial of patients with NSCLC who progressed on platinum based chemotherapy. Atezolizumab therapy improved overall survival compared with docetaxel (12.6 months vs. 9.7 months, HR 0.73 [95% CI 0.53 - 0.99]) with a manageable safety profile. Improvement in survival correlated with PD-L1 immunohistochemistry expression of tumor and tumor-infiltrating immune cells. Methods: Trial design: This phase II, open-label, singlearm study is designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of atezolizumab as a neoadjuvant therapy in patients with Stage IB, II, or IIIA NSCLC prior to curative-intent resection. Approximately 180 patients with NSCLC will be enrolled in this study at 15 academic medical centers in the United States. There are two parts to this study: the first/primary part will evaluate the ability of neoadjuvant atezolizumab to produce objective pathologic responses in patients with early stage NSCLC. Atezolizumab 1200 mg IV will be given every 3 weeks for two doses. Surgical resection of tumors following treatment will allow determination of pathologic response rates and potential predictive biomarkers. Part 2 is exploratory and will evaluate atezolizumab adjuvant therapy for up to 12 months in patients who demonstrate clinical benefit (evidence of pathologic response or absence of radiographic progression) in Part 1. After surgical resection, patients may receive SOC adjuvant chemotherapy (with or without radiation) before starting atezolizumab adjuvant therapy in Part 2. The primary objectives are safety and major pathologic response based on surgical resection. Secondary objectives include overall response rate based on PD-L1 status, mutational load, antigen burden, and RNA-sequencing. This trial presents a unique opportunity to evaluate exploratory biomarkers, including pre- and post-treatment biopsy assessment of evolution of immune related markers associated with response.
Immune activation in early-stage non–small cell lung cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus ipilimumab; Purpose: To determine the immunologic effects of neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus ipilimumab in early-stage non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Experimental Design: This is a single-arm chemotherapy plus phased ipilimumab phase II study of 24 treatment-na€ve patients with stage IB–IIIA NSCLC. Patients received neoadjuvant therapy consisting of 3 cycles of paclitaxel with either cisplatin or carboplatin and ipilimumab included in the last 2 cycles. Results: Chemotherapy alone had little effect on immune parameters in PBMCs. Profound CD28-dependent activation of both CD4 and CD8 cells was observed following ipilimumab. Significant increases in the frequencies of CD4þ cells expressing activation markers ICOS, HLA-DR, CTLA-4, and PD-1 were apparent. Likewise, increased frequencies of CD8þ cells expressing the same activation markers, with the exception of PD-1, were observed. We also examined 7 resected tumors and found higher frequencies of activated tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes than those observed in PBMCs. Surprisingly, we found 4 cases of preexisting tumor-associated antigens (TAA) responses against survivin, PRAME, or MAGE-A3 present in PBMC at baseline, but neither increased frequencies nor the appearance of newly detectable responses following ipilimumab therapy. Ipilimumab had little effect on the frequencies of circulating regulatory T cells and MDSCs. Conclusions: This study did not meet the primary endpoint of detecting an increase in blood-based TAA T-cell responses after ipilimumab. Collectively, these results highlight the immune activating properties of ipilimumab in early-stage NSCLC. The immune profiling data for ipilimumab alone can contribute to the interpretation of immunologic data from combined immune checkpoint blockade immunotherapies.
Immune contexture and histological response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy predict clinical outcome of lung cancer patients; There is now growing evidence that the immune contexture influences cancer progression and clinical outcome of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). If chemotherapy is widely used to treat patients with advanced-stage NSCLC, it remains unclear how it could modify the immune contexture and impact its prognostic value. Here, we analyzed two retrospective cohorts, respectively composed of 122 stage III-N2 NSCLC patients treated with chemotherapy before surgery and 39 stage-matched patients treated by surgery only. In patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the histological characteristics, the expression of PD-L1 protein, and the tumor immune microenvironment (CD8+ T cells, DC-LAMP+ mature dendritic cells, and CD68+ macrophages) were evaluated and their prognostic value assessed together with standard clinical parameters. By analyzing pre- and post-treatment specimens, we did not find any changes in the PD-L1 expression. We also found that the tumor immune contexture in patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy exhibited a similar pattern that the one found in chemotherapy-naive patients, with comparable densities of tumor-infiltrating CD8+ and DC-LAMP+ cells and a similar spatial organization. The percentage of residual viable tumor cells and the immune pattern (CD8+ and DC-LAMP+ cell densities) were significantly associated with the clinical outcome and allowed the identification of short- and long-term survivors, respectively. In multivariate analysis, the immune pattern was found to be the strongest independent prognostic factor. In conclusion, this study decrypts the complex interplay between cancer and immune cells in patients undergoing chemotherapy and supports potential beneficial synergistic effect of immunotherapy and chemotherapy.
Toxicity of definitive and post-operative radiation following ipilimumab in non-small cell lung cancer; To determine the feasibility and toxicity of radiation therapy, delivered either as definitive treatment or following surgery, following neo-adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibition for locally advanced NSCLC sixteen patients who received neo-adjuvant chemotherapy including ipilimumab as part of a phase II study were identified. Patients were analyzed by intent of radiation and toxicity graded based on CTCAE 4.0. There were seven patients identified who received definitive radiation and nine who received post-operative radiation. There was no grade 3 or greater toxicity in the definitive treatment group although one patient stopped treatment early due to back pain secondary to progression outside of the treatment field. In the post-operative treatment group, one patient required a one week break due to grade 2 odynophagia and no grade 3 or greater toxicity was observed. In this study of radiation as definitive or post-operative treatment following neo-adjuvant chemotherapy including ipilimumab for locally advanced NSCLC was feasible and well tolerated with limited toxicity.
PD-L1 expression in non-small cell lung cancer: Correlations with genetic alterations; Inhibition of the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway may induce anticancer immune responses in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Two PD-L1 immunohistochemistry (IHC) assays have been approved as companion diagnostic tests for therapeutic anti-PD-1 antibodies. However, many aspects of PD-L1 prevalence and association with genetically defined subtypes have not been addressed systematically. Here, we analyzed PD-L1 expression in 436 genetically annotated NSCLC specimens enriched for early stages using PD-L1 antibody 5H1. Expression of PD-L1 was detected in the tumor cells (TC) (34% of cases) and in associated immune cells (IC) (49%) across all stages of NSCLC, either alone or in combination. PD-L1 IHC-positive TC, but not IC showed significantly higher PD-L1 RNA expression levels. Expression in TC was associated with TP53, KRAS and STK11 mutational status in adenocarcinomas (AD) and with NFE2L2 mutations in squamous cell carcinomas (SQ). No correlations with histological subtype, clinical characteristics and overall survival were found. The presence of PD-L1-positive IC was significantly associated with patients' smoking status in AD. The findings are in agreement with the emerging concept that tumors with high mutational burden are more likely to benefit from immunotherapy, since TP53 and KRAS mutations are linked to smoking, increased numbers of somatic mutations and expression of neoantigens. Current clinical studies focus on stage IIIB and IV NSCLC; however, PD-L1 expression occurs in earlier stages and might be a predictive biomarker in clinical trials testing (neo-) adjuvant strategies.
Neoadjuvant anti-PDI, nivolumab, in early stage resectable non-small-cell lung cancer; Background: Nivolumab is an anti-PD1 immune checkpoint blocker which has demonstrated durable responses and improved survival vs. second-line chemotherapy in metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This is the first report of anti-PD1/PD-L1 administration in early stage I-IIIA NSCLC as neoadjuvant therapy prior to surgical resection. Methods: Patients (pts) with resectable stage I-IIIA NSCLC underwent pretreatment tumor biopsy and then received 2 doses of nivolumab administered at 4 and 2 weeks prior to surgical resection. Postoperatively, standard adjuvant therapy was administered. The primary endpoint is safety and feasibility of anti-PD1 administration prior to surgery; exploratory endpoints include pathologic response and evaluation of changes in tumor and blood immune markers assessed by flow cytometry, immunohistochemistry and sequencing of tumor and T cell receptors in blood, tumor and draining lymph nodes. 16 pts in total will be enrolled. Results: Six pts have been enrolled to date. Results from the first three pts undergoing surgical resection after neoadjuvant nivolumab demonstrate no treatment-related toxicities or delays to surgery. Two of three patients had major radiologic and pathologic responses at the time of surgery including one pathologic complete response in an 8 cm squamous tumor. Resection specimens were characterized by brisk T cell infiltration, greater than seen in pre-treatment biopsies. Expansion of specific T cell clones was observed in both tumor and peripheral blood after nivolumab. Detailed genomic, immunologic and immunohistochemical analyses of pre- and post-treatment tissues are ongoing. Conclusions: Two of three pts with NSCLC receiving neoadjuvant nivolumab have had a major pathologic response to treatment at time of surgery. To date, preoperative nivolumab has been feasible with no toxicity-related delays to surgery or postoperative recovery. Intensive correlative analyses of pre- and post-treatment tissues are ongoing and will be reported.
SAKK 16/14: Anti-PD-LI antibody durvalumab (MEDI4736) in addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA(N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)-A multicenter single-arm phase II trial; Background: Improving the outcome of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the major challenges in thoracic oncology. SAKK substantially contributed to establish a standard of care for patients with stage III NSCLC: The trial SAKK 16/96 established neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin and docetaxel. The randomized trial SAKK 16/00 showed no benefit by adding radiotherapy as third treatment modality to chemotherapy and surgery. Our results consistently showed a 5- year overall survival (OS) of 37%. However, it seems very difficult to further improve the OS by conventional therapies. Methods: This is a single-arm phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate the addition of perioperative immunotherapy with the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab to the previously established standard of care for stage 11 IA(N2) patients, which is based on the trials SAKK 16/96 and SAKK 16/00. Eligible patients with WHO performance status 0-1 and age of 18-75 years must have pathologically proven NSCLC stage 11 IA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0) according to the 7th edition of the TNM classification, irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Tumor tissue has to be available for the mandatory translational research. Patients whose tumor is deemed resectable at diagnosis receive three cycles of chemotherapy with cisplatin 100 mg/m2 and docetaxel 85 mg/m2 every three weeks followed by two cycles of durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks. Following surgery, patients will be treated with durvalumab 750 mg every two weeks for 12 months. Patients with R1/R2 resection and patients with extracapsular spread of mediastinal lymph node metastases may undergo standard radiotherapy prior to adjuvant treatment with durvalumab. The primary endpoint of the trial is event-free survival at 12 months. Secondary endpoints include OS, objective response, nodal down-staging, complete resection, pattern of recurrence and toxicity. Additionally, a large translation research program accompanies the trial investigating potential predictive biomarkers of anti-PD-L1 therapy.
SAKK 16/14-anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab (MEDI4736) in addition to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with stage IIIA (N2) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). A multicenter single-arm phase II trial; Background: Improving the outcome of locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the major challenges in thoracic oncology. SAKK substantially contributed to establish a standard of care for patients with stage III NSCLC: The trial SAKK 16/96 established neoadjuvant chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin and docetaxel. The randomized trial SAKK 16/00 showed no benefit by adding radiotherapy as third treatment modality to chemotherapy and surgery. Our results consistently showed a 5-year overall survival (OS) of 37%. However, it seems very difficult to further improve the OS by conventional therapies. Trial design: This is a single-arm phase II clinical trial designed to evaluate the addition of perioperative immunotherapy with the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab to the previously established standard of care for stage IIIA(N2) patients, which is based on the trials SAKK 16/96 and SAKK 16/00. Eligible patients with WHO performance status 0-1 and age of 18-75 years must have pathologically proven NSCLC stage IIIA(N2) (T1-3 N2 M0) according to the 7th edition of the TNM classification, irrespective of histological subtype, genomic aberrations or PD-L1 expression status. Tumor tissue has to be available for the mandatory translational research. Patients whose tumor is deemed resectable at diagnosis receive three cycles of chemotherapy with cisplatin 100mg/m2 and docetaxel 85mg/m2 every three weeks followed by two cycles of durvalumab 750mg every two weeks. Following surgery, patients will be treated with durvalumab 750mg every two weeks for 12 months. Patients with R1/R2 resection and patients with extracapsular spread of mediastinal lymph node metastases may undergo standard radiotherapy prior to adjuvant treatment with durvalumab. The primary endpoint of the trial is event-free survival at 12 months. Secondary endpoints include OS, objective response, nodal downstaging, complete resection, pattern of recurrence and toxicity. Additionally, a large translation research program accompanies the trial investigating potential predictive biomarkers of anti- PD-L1 therapy.
Neoadjuvant Therapy in Non–Small Cell Lung Cancer; Locally advanced (stage IIIA) non–small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is confined to the chest, but requires more than surgery to maximize cure. Therapy given preoperatively is termed neoadjuvant, whereas postoperative therapy is termed adjuvant. Trimodality therapy (chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery) has become the standard treatment regimen for resectable, locally advanced NSCLC. During the past 2 decades, several prospective, randomized, and nonrandomized studies have explored various regimens for preoperative treatment of NSCLC. The evaluation of potential candidates with NSCLC for neoadjuvant therapy as well as the currently available therapeutic regimens are reviewed.
PR Neoadjuvant anti-PD1, nivolumab, in early stage resectable non-small-cell lung cancer; Background: Nivolumab is a PD-1 inhibitor that has demonstrated durable responses and improved survival in patients ( pts) with previously treated, metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This is the first report of neoadjuvant PD-1 blockade in pts with early stage NSCLC. Methods: Pts with untreated, resectable, stage I-IIIA NSCLC underwent pretreatment tumor biopsy and then received two doses of nivolumab 3mg/kg administered at 4 and 2 weeks prior to surgical resection. Postoperatively, standard adjuvant chemotherapy was administered at investigator discretion. The primary endpoints were safety and feasibility of preoperative nivolumab administration. Exploratory endpoints included the degree of pathologic regression, as well as molecular and immunophenotypic changes in tumor and peripheral blood, including T cell repertoire analysis by TCR CDR3 deep sequencing, function, gene expression profiling, and tumor antigen recognition. An initial 6-patient safety run-in cohort was followed by an expansion cohort, with a planned accrual of 16 resected pts. Results: As of 09/19/2016, 18 pts were enrolled and 16 completed surgical resection (two patients were not ultimately resected). No delays to surgery or surgical complications related to nivolumab occurred. Twelve of 15 resected patients (80%) had pathologic evidence of tumor regression, and 6 (40%) achieved major pathologic responses (MPR; <10% residual viable tumor), at the time of abstract submission final pathology was pending from the 16th resected pt. Of the 6 MPR pts, 3 had no radiographic evidence of response. Surgical specimens in all cases were characterized by substantial T cell infiltration. Among 6 MPRs, 4 tumors have been tested with PD-L1 IHC (28-8 assay) and 3 were positive. Both unique and shared T cell clones were expanded in both tumor and peripheral blood, including new infiltration of T cell clones found only in the post-treatment tumor specimen. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant nivolumab was feasible and safe. Most pts have pathologic evidence of anti-tumor response, including MPR in 6 of 15 pts. Neoadjuvant anti-PD1 immunotherapy may have substantial anti-tumor activity in early stage NSCLC.
Systemic and targeted therapies for early-stage lung cancer; Background: Even with aggressive surgical treatment, relapse rates remain high for patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In an effort to improve survival in these patients, numerous clinical trials have evaluated neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy. Methods: The authors reviewed the results of the prospective randomized clinical trials that have established adjuvant chemotherapy as the standard of care for patients with surgically resected NSCLC. In addition, the authors summarize data on predictive and prognostic markers for patients with early-stage NSCLC and discuss novel therapies and clinical trials currently underway in early-stage NSCLC. Results: Three large randomized clinical trials and two meta-analyses have demonstrated a survival benefit for adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy compared with surgery alone in patients with early-stage NSCLC. As a result, adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy is recommended as the standard of care in these patients. Numerous promising biomarkers and agents have been developed in the metastatic setting and are currently being evaluated in the adjuvant setting. Conclusions: While adjuvant chemotherapy has improved survival for patients with early-stage NSCLC, the prognosis for early-stage lung cancer remains poor. Incorporation of molecular markers and targeted therapies into the management of patients with advanced NSCLC has improved outcomes. Development of these strategies in the adjuvant setting offers the potential to increase cure rates in patients with early-stage NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy modifies CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells (Treg) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients; Background: Regulatory T cells (Treg) are critical for cancer immune evasion; whereas natural killer (NK) cells are central for effective anti-tumor immunity including antibody-induced cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC). The predictive role of Treg levels for clinical response to chemo-immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as well as therapy-induced Treg changes remain to be defined. Patients and methods: The impact of Treg on NK-mediated cetuximab-dependent cellular cytoxicity was tested in vitro. Frequency and functional activity of Treg was analyzed in 31 NSCLC stage IB-IIIA patients treated by neoadjuvant Cetuximab/Docetaxel/Cisplatin prior to surgery. Data were correlated with clinical outcome variables and Treg tumor infiltration. Results: Treg potently inhibit NK-mediated and cetuximab-induced ADCC in vitro. In addition, a significant correlation between Treg reduction and clinical response was seen. However, the grade of tumor infiltrating Treg in resected tumors did not correlate with peripheral Treg levels. Moreover, Treg levels at diagnosis did not predict clinical response to chemo-immunotherapy. Conclusions: The drop of Treg levels during neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in NSCLC patients significantly correlates with clinical response. However, Treg at diagnosis are not linked to inferior clinical response to chemo-immunotherapy in NSCLC in vivo even though Treg efficiently inhibit ADCC in vitro. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Current Readings: Window-of-Opportunity Trials for Thoracic Malignancies; Recent major advances in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer have occurred with the identification of molecular biomarker targets and administration of novel agents with resulting improvement in clinical outcomes. In the early-stage setting, personalized therapy with novel agents and molecular profiling are being incorporated into neoadjuvant "window-of-opportunity" trials. These important studies enable biomarker research and an expedited analysis of the efficacy of the targeted agent. However, there are significant limitations to window-of-opportunity trials. The aim of this article is to review the current window-of-opportunity trials of neoadjuvant targeted agents for thoracic malignancies, discuss the benefits and limitations of these trials, and propose more optimal alternative trial end points. Neoadjuvant trials of resectable non-small cell lung cancer and mesothelioma that are ongoing or under development and relevant to thoracic surgeons are also discussed. The success of these trials will depend on a collaborative multidisciplinary effort, especially from the field of thoracic surgery.
Treatment of malignant mesothelioma; Investigational drug approaches Recent progress has reshaped the clinical landscape in the treatment of MPM. We have now more effective chemotherapy and from current evidence, it is clear that histone deacetylase inhibitors represent a potentially new treatment modality in MPM. Among current investigational drugs, mesothelin targeted therapies, dendritic cell based immunotherapy and gene therapy hold promise and should be further explored. Despite these, actual treatment is still amenable to improvement. Several factors have hampered the development of more effective regimens for mesothelioma. MPM is uncommon, is heterogeneous, staging is unreliable, response assessement is difficult and most drugs do not work. For the staging, the International Mesothelioma Interest Group are actually collaborating with the IASLC to include malignant pleural mesothelioma in its proposals for the 8th edition of TNM classification. The ability to measure reproducibly tumour response to treatment is vital in the development of new drugs and therapeutic combinations, particularly for the conducting of phase II studies. Conventional response criteria have always been difficult to apply to malignant mesothelioma due to its unique pattern of growth. Because the selection of measurement sites in mesothelioma is difficult, RECIST criteria could be applied differently by different investigators and that's why the Modified RECIST criteria have been developed. Based on the complex growth pattern of MPM, response evaluation in this cancer entity is still challenging. Results on value of fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose and positron emission tomography imaging ((SUVmean, tumor lesion glycolysis (TLG) and tumor volume (PETvol)) in response assessment in MPM are promising. Where do we go from here with the systemic therapy for MPM? We need better drugs, probably by more accurate preclinical investigation and we have to use better the drugs we have: in maintenance therapy, in special populations, in multimodality setting. More selectivity regarding the “promising” drug we choose to move from the bence to the clinic and fewer “me too” trials are warranted. Better designed trials that are adequately powered, multicenter, preferable with randomized phase II design to balance for heterogeneity, with appropriate endpoints (PFS, OS, QoL) and with correlative studies built in, are mandatory. Methods to assay individual tumor characteristics are warranted in order to avoid toxicity in patients who may not respond to treatment and losing precious time in a disease associated with a short survival. Drug resistance profiles have been reported to various malignant diseases including NSCLC, SCLC, breast, ovarian, colon, esophageal and carcinoid tumours. Recently the feasibility of performing off-site in vitro drug resistance assays on resected mesothelioma specimens is reported. For clinical implementation, a chemoresistance test applicable to pemetrexed should be useful. The effectiveness of assay-directed therapy is promising and need to be addressed in prospective trials. Multiple biologicals have been studied or are still under investigation, however a lot of them seems to fail. It is of great importance that the molecular biologic research should focus more on mesothelioma-specific pathways and biomarkers, instead of copying mechanisms and treatments that were successful in other tumour types. Looking at the list of new VEGFR-inhibitors being tested in MPM, one can question if it is a wise use of the limited patient resources to perform so many “me too” trials in this uncommon disease? One can question whether trials with so-called targeted agents in an unselected population of mesothelioma patients are appropriate. Investigational surgical approaches The role of surgery remains controversial and should be further explored. Although the multimodality treatment procedure seems feasible, overall treatment time is long and psychological distress is considerable. Subgroup analysis of a large Scandinavian phase 2 combination chemotherapy trial shows a median overall survival of 22 months in patients with good performance status, epithelioid subtype, stage I-II and aged 70 years or less, equivalent to survival in patients subjected to multimodality treatment. These findings stress the importance of a large prospective multicentre, in which operable patients with early stage resectable MPM are randomly assigned to a surgical and a non-surgical management. The feasibility of this approach has been explored in the UK MARS 1 trial, in which the randomisation is between EPP followed by PORT and any palliative treatment, including pleurodesis, following an induction treatment with chemotherapy. The results of the feasibility part of this trial have recently been released and show no difference in survival between both treatment arms. A large retrospective uncontrolled series reports that P/D might prolong survival as compared to EPP and that a less invasive procedure might hence be preferable in selected patients, provided it is standardised. In a systematic review of 1270 patients who had undergone lung-sparing surgery for mesothelioma, overall survival was comparable with the outcome reported in historical series including EPP. It is expected that a large European multicentre randomised trial will be conducted in the coming years, addressing the role of any tumour resection in MPM. Whether the latter will include EPP remains to be determined. Investigational radiotherapy approaches The role of PORT in MPM is controversial and based on a single uncontrolled retrospective series. This additional value of PORT is being addressed in an on-going Swiss study, in which eligible patients are randomised after EPP between observation and hemi-thoracic PORT. Pleural IMRT allows administering a radical dose of radiotherapy to a MPM with intact lung. The role of IMRT with chemotherapy is presently being investigated in patients with unresectable disease. Currently a study that looks at whether giving a short intense course of chest radiation just prior to surgery will sterilize these tumour cells and thus, avoid or reduce contamination of the areas outside the chest cavity is ongoing. The investigators hypothesize that short neo-adjuvant (pre-operative) hemi-thoracic IMRT, followed by immediate planned extra-pleural pneumonectomy (EPP) (+/- adjuvant chemotherapy) will reduce the risk of intra-operative seeding and reduce the incidence of distant metastatic disease. Another trial explores the use of tomotherapy to treat mesothelioma more aggressively than has been possible before. Tomotherapy's ability to treat unusual shaped tumours, particularly when they are wrapped around sensitive normal tissues (the lung), enable higher doses of radiation to be used and this may improve its effectiveness.
Tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes predict response to chemotherapy in patients with advance non-small cell lung cancer; Accumulating preclinical evidence suggests that anticancer immune responses contribute to the success of chemotherapy. The predictive significance of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) for response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains unknown. The aim of this study was to investigate the prognostic and predictive value of TIL subtypes in patients with advanced NSCLC treated with platinum-based chemotherapy. In total, 159 patients with stage III and IV NSCLC were retrospectively enrolled. The prevalence of CD3+, CD4+, CD8+ and Foxp3 + TILs was assessed by immunohistochemistry in tumor tissue obtained before chemotherapy. The density of TILs subgroups was treated as dichotomous variables using the median values as cutoff. Survival curves were estimated by the Kaplan-Meier method, and differences in overall survival between groups were determined using the Log-rank test. Prognostic effects of TIL subsets density were evaluated by Cox regression analysis. The presence of CD3 +,CD4+,CD8+, andFOXP3+ TILs was not correlated with any clinicopathological features. Neither the prevalence of TILs nor combined analysis displayed obvious prognostic performances for overall survival in Cox regression model. Instead, higher FOXP3+/ CD8? ratio in tumor sites was an independent factor for poor response to platinum-based chemotherapy in overall cohort. These findings suggest that immunological CD8? and FOXP3?Tregs cell infiltrate within tumor environment is predictive of response to platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC patients. The understanding of the clinical relevance of the microenvironmental immunological milieu might provide an important clue for the design of novel strategies in cancer immunotherapy. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Neo-adjuvant chemo/immunotherapy in the treatment of stage III (N2) non-small cell lung cancer: A phase I/II pilot study; In a previous randomized study, we showed that adjuvant immunotherapy with tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and recombinant interleukin-2 (rIL-2) significantly improved survival in resected N2-Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) patients. The present study assesses feasibility, safety and potential efficacy of combined neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy with peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and rIL-2 in resectable N2-NSCLC patients. Eighty-two consecutive N2-NSCLC patients underwent neo-adjuvant chemotherapy with cisplatin and gemcitabine. Out of the 82 patients, 23 were also subjected to leukapheresis prior to neo-adjuvant chemotherapy while the remaining 59 did not. Collected PBMC were analyzed for viability and phenotype and then stored frozen in liquid nitrogen. Thawed PBMC were infused intravenously, 5 days before surgery. After the infusion, rIL-2 was administered subcutaneously until surgery. Only patients with a partial or complete response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy underwent surgery: 13 patients in the experimental immunotherapy group (A) and 32 in the reference group (B). The two groups were homogeneous for all major prognostic factors. Median leukapheresis yield was 10 billion PBMC, (range 3-24 billions). Two to six billion PBMC were infused. The phenotypic analysis showed that similar proportions of CD4 and CD8 cells were present in leukapheresis products, and thawed PBMC, as well as in T lymphocytes isolated from the removed tumours. No severe adverse effects were observed following immunotherapy. No significant differences in overall survival (OS) and event-free survival (EFS) were seen between the two groups. However, the 5-year OS in group A was almost twice as much compared to group B (59% vs 32%). After adjustment for major prognostic factors, a statistically significant 66% reduction in the hazard of death was seen in patients receiving immunotherapy. The OS benefit was more evident in patients with adenocarcinoma than in those with squamous cell carcinoma. This study supports the favorable toxicity profile and potential efficacy of combining neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy with PBMC and rIL-2 in the treatment of N2-NSCLC patients. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Mechanism of action for antitumoral activity of autologous heterotopic transplant of peripheral blood in non-small cell lung cancer; Background: Autologous Heterotopic Transplant of Peripheral Blood (AHTOPB) is a medical procedure of autologous immunotherapy operated by blood-cells ex vivo processed with an adjuvant system and pulsed with an autologous plasma fraction enriched for polyvalent tumour antigens (PTA). Lately, antitumour activity of AHTOPB and other autologous immunotherapies upon different malignancies was reported. Here we study the mechanism of action involved in Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) patients. Methods: NSCLC patients, adenocarcinoma, to be submitted to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCH) were 2-arm randomized: G1, NCH, 4 series; G2, NCH plus AHTOPB. After surgery, all patients received 4 additional series of adjuvant chemotherapy. Selection criteria: patients reaching surgery, recurrence post-surgery with measurable M1. Exclusion criteria: M1 brain, unaccomplished programmed treatments. All assessments were performed at the time of diagnostic-biopsies (TOD), before any treatment, and at the time of resection-surgery (TOR), after neoadjuvant treatment. Assessment in tumour samples T-Regulatory cells (CD4+CD25+FOXP3+), Dendritic cells (CD1a+/CD83+) and neovessell density (CD34+) by IMC. In peripheral venous blood, VEGF and Angiostatin dosification by ELISA method. Toxicity (CTCAE), 30-day tumour-growth (30d-TG) in measurable M1 and Overall survival (OS) were registered. Results: See Table 1. Conclusions: In these patients, as shown in other models, the activity of AHTOPB when added to chemotherapy was confirmed: significant slow of tumour growth and OS advantage. These results were associated to a profile of angiogenesis and immunity mediators compatible with AHTOPB mechanism of autologous immunotherapy plus antiangiogenic/antitolerogenic conditioning of tumour-elicited biological response. (Table Presented).
New approaches to the treatment of pancreatic cancer: From tumor-directed therapy to immunotherapy; The development of novel therapeutic strategies for pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PAC) has traditionally been considered particularly challenging for clinical and laboratory investigators due to its aggressive underlying biology and inherent resistance to currently available therapies. More recently, however, advances have been made in the identification of promising therapeutic targets for intervention, along with several key insights into the complex sequence of genetic alterations involved in the evolution of PAC from premalignant precursor lesion to malignant cells with metastatic potential. FOLFIRINOX (5-fluorouracilleucovorinirinotecanoxaliplatin) has recently been identified as a combination cytotoxic therapy associated with a significant survival benefit over single-agent gemcitabine in good performance status patients with advanced disease; it is hoped that a similar benefit will be seen in planned trials of FOLFIRINOX as perioperative therapy. The success of immune therapy with the anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4 antibody ipilimumab in advanced melanoma has spurred interest in the development of vaccines and immune therapies for other solid tumors. Certainly, the concept of harnessing the power of the immune system for cancer treatment is an attractive concept to patients and clinicians alike. Herein we discuss recent advances in the development of novel therapeutic approaches to PAC, focusing in particular on recent developments in immune and vaccine therapy. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Neo-adjuvant chemo/immunotherapy in the treatment of stage III (N2) non-small cell lung cancer: A phase I/II pilot study; In a previous randomized study, we showed that adjuvant immunotherapy with tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and recombinant interleukin-2 (rIL-2) significantly improved survival in resected N2-Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) patients. The present study assesses feasibility, safety and potential efficacy of combined neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy with peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and rIL-2 in resectable N2-NSCLC patients. Eighty-two consecutive N2-NSCLC patients underwent neo-adjuvant chemotherapy with cisplatin and gemcitabine. Out of the 82 patients, 23 were also subjected to leukapheresis prior to neo-adjuvant chemotherapy while the remaining 59 did not. Collected PBMC were analyzed for viability and phenotype and then stored frozen in liquid nitrogen. Thawed PBMC were infused intravenously, 5 days before surgery. After the infusion, rIL-2 was administered subcutaneously until surgery. Only patients with a partial or complete response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy underwent surgery: 13 patients in the experimental immunotherapy group (A) and 32 in the reference group (B). The two groups were homogeneous for all major prognostic factors. Median leukapheresis yield was 10 billion PBMC, (range 3-24 billions). Two to six billion PBMC were infused. The phenotypic analysis showed that similar proportions of CD4 and CD8 cells were present in leukapheresis products, and thawed PBMC, as well as in T lymphocytes isolated from the removed tumours. No severe adverse effects were observed following immunotherapy. No significant differences in overall survival (OS) and event-free survival (EFS) were seen between the two groups. However, the 5-year OS in group A was almost twice as much compared to group B (59% vs 32%). After adjustment for major prognostic factors, a statistically significant 66% reduction in the hazard of death was seen in patients receiving immunotherapy. The OS benefit was more evident in patients with adenocarcinoma than in those with squamous cell carcinoma. This study supports the favorable toxicity profile and potential efficacy of combining neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy with PBMC and rIL-2 in the treatment of N2-NSCLC patients.
Expression of melanoma-antigen-A (MAGE-A) in disseminated tumor cells in regional lymph nodes of patients with operable non-small cell lung cancer; Purpose: Single disseminated tumor cells are detectable in regional lymph nodes of 30-50% patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This study investigated if these disseminated tumor cells express MAGE-A and thus might be targeted by adjuvant anti-MAGE-A immunotherapies. Experimental design: Lymph nodes of 32 consecutive patients without neoadjuvant therapy were removed by systematic lymphadenectomy during resection of NSCLC. One-hundred of these lymph nodes were cut into two equal halves which were examined using either routine histo-pathology or quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR (qRT-PCR). qRT-PCR amplification of cytokeratin 19 transcripts was applied for the detection of disseminated tumor cells. Expression of MAGE-A was analyzed using one single primer pair amplifying subgroups MAGE-A1 to -A6 in one qRT-PCR reaction. Results: Ninety-four (94%) lymph nodes were tumor-free by histo-pathology. qRT-PCR detected disseminated tumor cells in 26 (28%) of these lymph nodes resulting in 19 (59%) patients with disseminated tumor cells. All of the remaining 6 lymph nodes that were judged by the pathologist to contain tumor cells exhibited CK19 transcripts. Fifteen (46%) lymph nodes with disseminated tumor cells contained MAGE-A transcripts resulting in 12 (37%) patients with disseminated tumor cells which expressed MAGE-A. There was no correlation between clinico-pathological parameters and the occurrence of disseminated tumor cells or their MAGE-A expression. Conclusions: Since 37% of patients with operable NSCLC harbored disseminated tumor cells that expressed MAGE-A, only these patients might benefit from adjuvant immunotherapies directed against MAGE-A1 to -A6. This study may provide a basis for the preselection of patients to be included in such immunotherapy trials after resection of NSCLC. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Stage IV NSCLC Biological treatments of lung cancer in 2008... and in the near future; Nowadays, biological cancer treatments represent the major advance in non-small cell lung cancer therapeutic strategies. During the last decade, more than 15 randomized trials associating chemo with biological treatments, in first line setting, have included more than 12,073 NSCLC patients, and as much in phase 2-3 trials in second and third line setting. Very few were positive, but currently anti-angiogenic strategy using the humanized monoclonal antibody bevacizumab has been approved in association with chemotherapy, in first line treatment of carefully selected NSCLC patients (with non proximal tumors, without cerebral metastasis, and of non-squamous histology). On the same way, monotherapy by the EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor erlotinib has been approved in second and third line setting, with comparable results as chemotherapy. 2008 was the year of new targeted therapies with cetuximab, the chimeric monoclonal antibody directed against EFGR, in association with chemotherapy in first line setting, whereas EGFR TKI are also tested in first line, in patients selected on the ground of the molecular properties of their tumors (with EGFR mutation or positive EGFR FISH). New generation EGFR TKI (more potent if not more selective) are developed in new settings (neo-adjuvant or adjuvant treatment), with promising results in phase 2 trials, whereas active immunotherapy directed toward MUC1 or MAGE-A3 are tested in large phase 3 randomized trials in adjuvant setting (post-surgery or post-radiotherapy), since phase 2 results were appealing. Therefore, dring the last few years, targeted therapies quit science-fiction to enter in our current practice, leading clinicians to learn how to treat new kind of toxities and to select patients on molecular grounds. © 2008 SPLF. Édité par Elsevier Masson SAS.
Trimodality treatment in stage III nonsmall cell lung carcinoma: Prognostic impact of K-ras mutations after neoadjuvant therapy; BACKGROUND. In a trimodality treatment approach for Stage III nonsmall cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC), the prognostic impact of the ras mutation status in resection specimens was evaluated. METHODS. Forty patients with Stage III NSCLC underwent tumor resection after neoadjuvant treatment with two cycles of chemotherapy (ifosfamide, carboplatin, and etoposide) and subsequent twice-daily radiotherapy (45 grays [Gy]; 2 × 1.5 Gy/day) with concurrent carboplatin and vindesine. Assessment of K-ras codon 12 mutation status was performed in the paraffin embedded resection specimens by a two-step polymerase chain reaction followed by restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. RESULTS. K-ras mutation status could be assessed in 28 cases. A K-ras codon 12 point mutation was found in 13 of 28 resection specimens (46%). The mutation was found independently of gender, age, tumor stage, and clinical response status and occurred more frequently in adenocarcinomas. Even after complete resection, the presence of a K-ras mutation was a significant predictor for a poor progression free survival (P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS. These data suggest that further evaluation of the K-ras codon 12 mutation status in trials on neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy is warranted. This may contribute to the identification of stratification variables for future treatment approaches. © 2002 American Cancer Society.
Perioperative therapy for locoregional nonsmall-cell lung cancer; Surgical therapy remains the treatment of choice for resectable nonsmall- cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the 5-year survival results of surgical therapy is 40-70%, which is far from acceptable. In this report, past results of perioperative therapies were reviewed to identify the future direction of effort in improving the therapy of NSCLC. Two perioperative modes of treatment that may possibly improve postsurgical survival were identified, i.e., neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable NSCLC and postoperative specific active immunotherapy.
