Neoadjuvant Nivolumab plus Chemotherapy in Resectable Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy confers a modest benefit over surgery alone for resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In early-phase trials, nivolumab-based neoadjuvant regimens have shown promising clinical activity; however, data from phase 3 trials are needed to confirm these findings. METHODS: In this open-label, phase 3 trial, we randomly assigned patients with stage IB to IIIA resectable NSCLC to receive nivolumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy or platinum-based chemotherapy alone, followed by resection. The primary end points were event-free survival and pathological complete response (0% viable tumor in resected lung and lymph nodes), both evaluated by blinded independent review. Overall survival was a key secondary end point. Safety was assessed in all treated patients. RESULTS: The median event-free survival was 31.6 months (95% confidence interval [CI], 30.2 to not reached) with nivolumab plus chemotherapy and 20.8 months (95% CI, 14.0 to 26.7) with chemotherapy alone (hazard ratio for disease progression, disease recurrence, or death, 0.63; 97.38% CI, 0.43 to 0.91; P = 0.005). The percentage of patients with a pathological complete response was 24.0% (95% CI, 18.0 to 31.0) and 2.2% (95% CI, 0.6 to 5.6), respectively (odds ratio, 13.94; 99% CI, 3.49 to 55.75; P<0.001). Results for event-free survival and pathological complete response across most subgroups favored nivolumab plus chemotherapy over chemotherapy alone. At the first prespecified interim analysis, the hazard ratio for death was 0.57 (99.67% CI, 0.30 to 1.07) and did not meet the criterion for significance. Of the patients who underwent randomization, 83.2% of those in the nivolumab-plus-chemotherapy group and 75.4% of those in the chemotherapy-alone group underwent surgery. Grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 33.5% of the patients in the nivolumab-plus-chemotherapy group and in 36.9% of those in the chemotherapy-alone group. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with resectable NSCLC, neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy resulted in significantly longer event-free survival and a higher percentage of patients with a pathological complete response than chemotherapy alone. The addition of nivolumab to neoadjuvant chemotherapy did not increase the incidence of adverse events or impede the feasibility of surgery. (Funded by Bristol Myers Squibb; CheckMate 816 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02998528.).
Perioperative Pembrolizumab for Early-Stage Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: Among patients with resectable early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), a perioperative approach that includes both neoadjuvant and adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibition may provide benefit beyond either approach alone. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, phase 3 trial to evaluate perioperative pembrolizumab in patients with early-stage NSCLC. Participants with resectable stage II, IIIA, or IIIB (N2 stage) NSCLC were assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive neoadjuvant pembrolizumab (200 mg) or placebo once every 3 weeks, each of which was given with cisplatin-based chemotherapy for 4 cycles, followed by surgery and adjuvant pembrolizumab (200 mg) or placebo once every 3 weeks for up to 13 cycles. The dual primary end points were event-free survival (the time from randomization to the first occurrence of local progression that precluded the planned surgery, unresectable tumor, progression or recurrence, or death) and overall survival. Secondary end points included major pathological response, pathological complete response, and safety. RESULTS: A total of 397 participants were assigned to the pembrolizumab group, and 400 to the placebo group. At the prespecified first interim analysis, the median follow-up was 25.2 months. Event-free survival at 24 months was 62.4% in the pembrolizumab group and 40.6% in the placebo group (hazard ratio for progression, recurrence, or death, 0.58; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.46 to 0.72; P<0.001). The estimated 24-month overall survival was 80.9% in the pembrolizumab group and 77.6% in the placebo group (P = 0.02, which did not meet the significance criterion). A major pathological response occurred in 30.2% of the participants in the pembrolizumab group and in 11.0% of those in the placebo group (difference, 19.2 percentage points; 95% CI, 13.9 to 24.7; P<0.0001; threshold, P = 0.0001), and a pathological complete response occurred in 18.1% and 4.0%, respectively (difference, 14.2 percentage points; 95% CI, 10.1 to 18.7; P<0.0001; threshold, P = 0.0001). Across all treatment phases, 44.9% of the participants in the pembrolizumab group and 37.3% of those in the placebo group had treatment-related adverse events of grade 3 or higher, including 1.0% and 0.8%, respectively, who had grade 5 events. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with resectable, early-stage NSCLC, neoadjuvant pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy followed by resection and adjuvant pembrolizumab significantly improved event-free survival, major pathological response, and pathological complete response as compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone followed by surgery. Overall survival did not differ significantly between the groups in this analysis. (Funded by Merck Sharp and Dohme; KEYNOTE-671 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03425643.).
Perioperative Durvalumab for Resectable Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant or adjuvant immunotherapy can improve outcomes in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Perioperative regimens may combine benefits of both to improve long-term outcomes. METHODS: We randomly assigned patients with resectable NSCLC (stage II to IIIB [N2 node stage] according to the eighth edition of the AJCC Cancer Staging Manual) to receive platinum-based chemotherapy plus durvalumab or placebo administered intravenously every 3 weeks for 4 cycles before surgery, followed by adjuvant durvalumab or placebo intravenously every 4 weeks for 12 cycles. Randomization was stratified according to disease stage (II or III) and programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression (≥1% or <1%). Primary end points were event-free survival (defined as the time to the earliest occurrence of progressive disease that precluded surgery or prevented completion of surgery, disease recurrence [assessed in a blinded fashion by independent central review], or death from any cause) and pathological complete response (evaluated centrally). RESULTS: A total of 802 patients were randomly assigned to receive durvalumab (400 patients) or placebo (402 patients). The duration of event-free survival was significantly longer with durvalumab than with placebo; the stratified hazard ratio for disease progression, recurrence, or death was 0.68 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.53 to 0.88; P = 0.004) at the first interim analysis. At the 12-month landmark analysis, event-free survival was observed in 73.4% of the patients who received durvalumab (95% CI, 67.9 to 78.1), as compared with 64.5% of the patients who received placebo (95% CI, 58.8 to 69.6). The incidence of pathological complete response was significantly greater with durvalumab than with placebo (17.2% vs. 4.3% at the final analysis; difference, 13.0 percentage points; 95% CI, 8.7 to 17.6; P<0.001 at interim analysis of data from 402 patients). Event-free survival and pathological complete response benefit were observed regardless of stage and PD-L1 expression. Adverse events of maximum grade 3 or 4 occurred in 42.4% of patients with durvalumab and in 43.2% with placebo. Data from 62 patients with documented EGFR or ALK alterations were excluded from the efficacy analyses in the modified intention-to-treat population. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with resectable NSCLC, perioperative durvalumab plus neoadjuvant chemotherapy was associated with significantly greater event-free survival and pathological complete response than neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, with a safety profile that was consistent with the individual agents. (Funded by AstraZeneca; AEGEAN ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03800134.).
Perioperative Nivolumab in Resectable Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: Standard treatment with neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy significantly improves outcomes in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Perioperative treatment (i.e., neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery and adjuvant therapy) with nivolumab may further improve clinical outcomes. METHODS: In this phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial, we assigned adults with resectable stage IIA to IIIB NSCLC to receive neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy or neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus placebo every 3 weeks for 4 cycles, followed by surgery and adjuvant nivolumab or placebo every 4 weeks for 1 year. The primary outcome was event-free survival according to blinded independent review. Secondary outcomes were pathological complete response and major pathological response according to blinded independent review, overall survival, and safety. RESULTS: At this prespecified interim analysis (median follow-up, 25.4 months), the percentage of patients with 18-month event-free survival was 70.2% in the nivolumab group and 50.0% in the chemotherapy group (hazard ratio for disease progression or recurrence, abandoned surgery, or death, 0.58; 97.36% confidence interval [CI], 0.42 to 0.81; P<0.001). A pathological complete response occurred in 25.3% of the patients in the nivolumab group and in 4.7% of those in the chemotherapy group (odds ratio, 6.64; 95% CI, 3.40 to 12.97); a major pathological response occurred in 35.4% and 12.1%, respectively (odds ratio, 4.01; 95% CI, 2.48 to 6.49). Grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 32.5% of the patients in the nivolumab group and in 25.2% of those in the chemotherapy group. CONCLUSIONS: Perioperative treatment with nivolumab resulted in significantly longer event-free survival than chemotherapy in patients with resectable NSCLC. No new safety signals were observed. (Funded by Bristol Myers Squibb; CheckMate 77T ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT04025879.).
Perioperative Nivolumab and Chemotherapy in Stage III Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: Approximately 20% of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receive a diagnosis of stage III disease. There is no current consensus regarding the most appropriate treatment for these patients. METHODS: In this open-label, phase 2 trial, we randomly assigned patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB NSCLC to receive neoadjuvant nivolumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy (experimental group) or chemotherapy alone (control group), followed by surgery. Patients in the experimental group who had R0 resections received adjuvant treatment with nivolumab for 6 months. The primary end point was a pathological complete response (0% viable tumor in resected lung and lymph nodes). Secondary end points included progression-free survival and overall survival at 24 months and safety. RESULTS: A total of 86 patients underwent randomization; 57 were assigned to the experimental group and 29 were assigned to the control group. A pathological complete response occurred in 37% of the patients in the experimental group and in 7% in the control group (relative risk, 5.34; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.34 to 21.23; P = 0.02). Surgery was performed in 93% of the patients in the experimental group and in 69% in the control group (relative risk, 1.35; 95% CI, 1.05 to 1.74). Kaplan-Meier estimates of progression-free survival at 24 months were 67.2% in the experimental group and 40.9% in the control group (hazard ratio for disease progression, disease recurrence, or death, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.25 to 0.88). Kaplan-Meier estimates of overall survival at 24 months were 85.0% in the experimental group and 63.6% in the control group (hazard ratio for death, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.19 to 0.98). Grade 3 or 4 adverse events occurred in 11 patients in the experimental group (19%; some patients had events of both grades) and 3 patients in the control group (10%). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB NSCLC, perioperative treatment with nivolumab plus chemotherapy resulted in a higher percentage of patients with a pathological complete response and longer survival than chemotherapy alone. (Funded by Bristol Myers Squibb and others; NADIM II ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03838159; EudraCT number, 2018-004515-45.).
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer.; The advent of immune checkpoint inhibition has pushed the treatment paradigm for resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) toward neoadjuvant therapy. A growing number of promising trials have examined the utility of neoadjuvant immunotherapy, both alone and in combination with other modalities such as radiation therapy (RT) and chemotherapy. The phase II LCMC3 and NEOSTAR trials demonstrated a role for neoadjuvant immunotherapy in inducing meaningful pathologic responses, and another phase II trial established the feasibility of combining neoadjuvant durvalumab with RT. Significant interest in neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy resulted in the conduct of multiple successful phase II trials including the Columbia trial, NADIM, SAKK 16/14, and NADIM II. Across these trials, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy led to high rates of pathologic response and improved surgical outcomes without compromising surgical timing or feasibility. CheckMate-816, which was a randomized phase III trial studying neoadjuvant nivolumab in addition to chemotherapy, definitively established a benefit for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone for resectable NSCLC. Despite the growing literature and success of these trials, several outstanding questions remain, including the relationship between pathologic response and patient survival, the role of biomarkers such as programmed death ligand 1 and circulating tumor DNA in determining patient selection and treatment course, and the utility of additional adjuvant therapies. Longer follow-up of CheckMate-816 and other ongoing phase III trials may help address these questions. Ultimately, the complexity of managing resectable NSCLC highlights the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to patient care.
Perioperative Toripalimab Plus Chemotherapy for Patients With Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: The Neotorch Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: Adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy have improved clinical outcomes for patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the optimal combination of checkpoint inhibition with chemotherapy remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether toripalimab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy will improve event-free survival and major pathological response in patients with stage II or III resectable NSCLC compared with chemotherapy alone. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This randomized clinical trial enrolled patients with stage II or III resectable NSCLC (without EGFR or ALK alterations for nonsquamous NSCLC) from March 12, 2020, to June 19, 2023, at 50 participating hospitals in China. The data cutoff date for this interim analysis was November 30, 2022. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive 240 mg of toripalimab or placebo once every 3 weeks combined with platinum-based chemotherapy for 3 cycles before surgery and 1 cycle after surgery, followed by toripalimab only (240 mg) or placebo once every 3 weeks for up to 13 cycles. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcomes were event-free survival (assessed by the investigators) and the major pathological response rate (assessed by blinded, independent pathological review). The secondary outcomes included the pathological complete response rate (assessed by blinded, independent pathological review) and adverse events. RESULTS: Of the 501 patients randomized, 404 had stage III NSCLC (202 in the toripalimab + chemotherapy group and 202 in the placebo + chemotherapy group) and 97 had stage II NSCLC and were excluded from this interim analysis. The median age was 62 years (IQR, 56-65 years), 92% of patients were male, and the median follow-up was 18.3 months (IQR, 12.7-22.5 months). For the primary outcome of event-free survival, the median length was not estimable (95% CI, 24.4 months-not estimable) in the toripalimab group compared with 15.1 months (95% CI, 10.6-21.9 months) in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 0.40 [95% CI, 0.28-0.57], P < .001). The major pathological response rate (another primary outcome) was 48.5% (95% CI, 41.4%-55.6%) in the toripalimab group compared with 8.4% (95% CI, 5.0%-13.1%) in the placebo group (between-group difference, 40.2% [95% CI, 32.2%-48.1%], P < .001). The pathological complete response rate (secondary outcome) was 24.8% (95% CI, 19.0%-31.3%) in the toripalimab group compared with 1.0% (95% CI, 0.1%-3.5%) in the placebo group (between-group difference, 23.7% [95% CI, 17.6%-29.8%]). The incidence of immune-related adverse events occurred more frequently in the toripalimab group. No unexpected treatment-related toxic effects were identified. The incidence of grade 3 or higher adverse events, fatal adverse events, and adverse events leading to discontinuation of treatment were comparable between the groups. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The addition of toripalimab to perioperative chemotherapy led to a significant improvement in event-free survival for patients with resectable stage III NSCLC and this treatment strategy had a manageable safety profile. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04158440.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab or nivolumab plus ipilimumab in operable non-small cell lung cancer: the phase 2 randomized NEOSTAR trial.; Ipilimumab improves clinical outcomes when combined with nivolumab in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but its efficacy and impact on the immune microenvironment in operable NSCLC remain unclear. We report the results of the phase 2 randomized NEOSTAR trial (NCT03158129) of neoadjuvant nivolumab or nivolumab + ipilimumab followed by surgery in 44 patients with operable NSCLC, using major pathologic response (MPR) as the primary endpoint. The MPR rate for each treatment arm was tested against historical controls of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The nivolumab + ipilimumab arm met the prespecified primary endpoint threshold of 6 MPRs in 21 patients, achieving a 38% MPR rate (8/21). We observed a 22% MPR rate (5/23) in the nivolumab arm. In 37 patients resected on trial, nivolumab and nivolumab + ipilimumab produced MPR rates of 24% (5/21) and 50% (8/16), respectively. Compared with nivolumab, nivolumab + ipilimumab resulted in higher pathologic complete response rates (10% versus 38%), less viable tumor (median 50% versus 9%), and greater frequencies of effector, tissue-resident memory and effector memory T cells. Increased abundance of gut Ruminococcus and Akkermansia spp. was associated with MPR to dual therapy. Our data indicate that neoadjuvant nivolumab + ipilimumab-based therapy enhances pathologic responses, tumor immune infiltrates and immunologic memory, and merits further investigation in operable NSCLC.
Rapid Advances in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Narrative Review.; IMPORTANCE: A series of high-profile clinical trials for patients with resectable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have recently changed the standard of care in this setting. Specifically, studies have demonstrated statistically and clinically significant improvements in efficacy with the targeted therapy for adjuvant osimertinib in patients with resected NSCLC harboring an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) genomic abnormality (GA), whereas trials with chemotherapy combined with nivolumab in the neoadjuvant setting and others testing atezolizumab or pembrolizumab as adjuvant therapy have all demonstrated improvements in event-free survival (EFS) (for neoadjuvant therapy) or disease-free survival (DFS) (for adjuvant therapy). These trials introduce many open questions about how to apply these findings in clinical practice. OBSERVATIONS: Treatment with adjuvant osimertinib for 3 years was associated with significant improvement in both DFS and overall survival (OS), but the erosion of the DFS benefit after the duration of treatment ends suggests a potential value for more longitudinal treatment. The potential value of highly effective targeted therapies as adjuvant therapy for other GAs has a compelling rationale but no data at this time. Adjuvant atezolizumab or pembrolizumab, generally administered for 1 year after postoperative chemotherapy, are appropriate considerations, but only atezolizumab for patients with tumor programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) levels of 50% has demonstrated a benefit in OS. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with nivolumab offers a strong EFS benefit, a shorter interval of treatment, and radiographic and pathologic feedback for patients with resectable stage IB to IIIA NSCLC, although very recent randomized clinical trials of perioperative immunotherapy both combined with chemotherapy preoperatively and administered postoperatively highlight the debatable value of adjuvant immunotherapy after prior chemoimmunotherapy. Improved tumor shrinkage rates with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy suggest the possibility that criteria for resectability may potentially be redefined in anticipation of a good response to neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Developments in resectable NSCLC have arrived so rapidly that they have also created practical challenges of identifying optimal patients and prioritizing options among these new competing standards. In some cases, practical management requires clinical judgment and discussion with the patient to cover the gaps in prospective data. Caution should be exerted when extrapolating beyond the available data.
Design and Rationale for a Phase III, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Neoadjuvant Durvalumab + Chemotherapy Followed by Adjuvant Durvalumab for the Treatment of Patients With Resectable Stages II and III non-small-cell Lung Cancer: The AEGEAN Trial.; For patients with resectable, early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), surgery is the primary treatment; however, 5-year survival rates remain poor. Postoperative adjuvant platinum-doublet chemotherapy is associated with a statistically significant but modest improvement in survival of ∼5% at 5 years and is widely accepted as standard of care in patients with resectable, Stage II-III NSCLC. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy has been associated with similar improvements in overall survival to adjuvant therapy in this setting. Durvalumab, a high-affinity PD-L1 inhibitor, has become the standard of care for patients with unresectable, Stage III NSCLC following chemoradiotherapy based on improved progression-free and overall survival in the phase III PACIFIC trial. AEGEAN is a phase III, double-blind, placebo-controlled, international study that will assess pathological and clinical outcomes of durvalumab plus chemotherapy prior to surgery, followed by durvalumab monotherapy after surgery in adults with resectable, Stage II-III NSCLC. Approximately 800 patients will be randomized (1:1) to receive durvalumab or placebo every 3 weeks (q3w) alongside platinum-based chemotherapy (≤4 cycles) prior to surgery, followed by durvalumab or placebo monotherapy q4w, for an additional 12 cycles post surgery, stratified by disease stage (IASLC 8th Edition, Stage II vs. Stage III) and PD-L1 tumor cell expression levels (<1% vs. ≥1%). Primary endpoints include pathological complete response and event-free survival for patients with wild-type EGFR and ALK. Key secondary efficacy endpoints include major pathologic response, disease-free survival and overall survival.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy for advanced, resectable non-small cell lung cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy (nIT) is a rapidly emerging paradigm for advanced resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The objectives of this PRISMA/MOOSE/PICOD-guided systematic review and meta-analysis were (1) to assess the safety and efficacy of nIT, (2) to compare the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy (nCIT) versus chemotherapy alone (nCT), and (3) to explore predictors of pathologic response with nIT and their association with outcomes. METHODS: Eligibility was resectable stage I-III NSCLC and the receipt of programmed death-1/programmed cell death ligand-1 (PD-L1)/cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen-4 inhibitors before resection; other forms and modalities of neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapies were allowed. For statistical analysis, the Mantel-Haenszel fixed-effect or random-effect model was used, depending on the heterogeneity (I(2) ). RESULTS: Sixty-six articles met the criteria (eight randomized studies, 39 prospective nonrandomized studies, and 19 retrospective studies). The pooled pathologic complete response (pCR) rate was 28.1%. The estimated grade ≥3 toxicity rate was 18.0%. Compared with nCT, nCIT achieved higher rates of pCR (odds ratio [OR], 7.63; 95% confidence interval [CI], 4.49-12.97; p < .001), progression-free survival (PFS) (hazard ratio [HR] 0.51; 95% CI, 0.38-0.67; p < .001), and overall survival (OS) (HR, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.36-0.74; p = .0003) but yielded similar toxicity rates (OR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.67-1.52; p = .97). The results remained robust on sensitivity analysis when all retrospective publications were removed. pCR was associated with improved PFS (HR, 0.25; 0.15-0.43; p < .001) and OS (HR, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.10-0.67; p = .005). PD-L1 expressors (≥1%) were more likely to achieve a pCR (OR, 2.93; 95% CI, 1.22-7.03; p = .02). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with advanced resectable NSCLC, neoadjuvant immunotherapy was safe and efficacious. nCIT improved pathologic response rates and PFS/OS over nCT, particularly in patients who had tumors that expressed PD-L1, without increasing toxicities. PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY: This meta-analysis of 66 studies showed that neoadjuvant immunotherapy for advanced resectable non-small cell lung cancer is safe and efficacious. Compared with chemotherapy alone, chemoimmunotherapy improved pathologic response rates and survival, particularly for patients who had tumors that expressed programmed cell death ligand-1, without increasing toxicities.
Role of chemotherapy and targeted therapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer.; Adjuvant platinum based chemotherapy is accepted as standard of care in stage II and III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients and is often considered in patients with stage IB disease who have tumors ≥ 4 cm. The survival advantage is modest with approximately 5% at 5 years. Areas covered: This review article presents relevant data regarding chemotherapy use in the perioperative setting for early stage NSCLC. A literature search was performed utilizing PubMed as well as clinical trial.gov. Randomized phase III studies in this setting including adjuvant and neoadjuvant use of chemotherapy as well as ongoing trials on targeted therapy and immunotherapy are also discussed. Expert commentary: With increasing utilization of screening computed tomography scans, it is possible that the percentage of early stage NSCLC patients will increase in the coming years. Benefits of adjuvant chemotherapy in early stage NSCLC patients remain modest. There is a need to better define patients most likely to derive survival benefit from adjuvant therapy and spare patients who do not need adjuvant chemotherapy due to the toxicity of such therapy. Trials for adjuvant targeted therapy, including adjuvant EGFR-TKI trials and trials of immunotherapy drugs are ongoing and will define the role of these agents as adjuvant therapy.
Evaluation of Clinical and Safety Outcomes of Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy Combined With Chemotherapy for Patients With Resectable Esophageal Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: A considerable number of clinical trials of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with resectable esophageal cancer are emerging. However, systematic evaluations of these studies are lacking. OBJECTIVE: To provide state-of-the-art evidence and normative theoretical support for neoadjuvant immunotherapy for locally advanced resectable esophageal cancer. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched for relevant original articles and conference proceedings that were published in English through April 1, 2022. STUDY SELECTION: Published phase 2 or 3 clinical trials that included patients with resectable stage I to IV esophageal cancer who received immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) before surgery as monotherapy or in combination with other therapies. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses and the Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines for meta-analysis were followed to extract data. A random-effects model was adopted if the heterogeneity was significant (I2 statistic >50%); otherwise, the common-effects model was used. Data analyses were conducted from April 2 to 8, 2022. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Pathological complete response (pCR) rate and major pathological response (MPR) rate were considered to be the primary outcomes calculated for the clinical outcomes of neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Incidence of treatment-related severe adverse events was set as the major measure for the safety outcome. The rate of R0 surgical resection was summarized. Subgroup analyses were conducted according to histologic subtype and ICI types. RESULTS: A total of 27 clinical trials with 815 patients were included. Pooled rates were 31.4% (95% CI, 27.6%-35.3%) for pCR and 48.9% (95% CI, 42.0-55.9%) for MCR in patients with esophageal cancer. In terms of safety, the pooled incidence of treatment-related severe adverse events was 26.9% (95% CI, 16.7%-38.3%). Most patients achieved R0 surgical resection (98.6%; 95% CI, 97.1%-99.6%). Regarding histologic subtypes, the pooled pCR rates were 32.4% (95% CI, 28.2%-36.8%) in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and 25.2% (95% CI, 16.3%-35.1%) in esophageal adenocarcinoma. The pooled MPR rate was 49.4% (95% CI, 42.1%-56.7%) in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This study found that neoadjuvant immunotherapy with chemotherapy had promising clinical and safety outcomes for patients with resectable esophageal cancer. Randomized clinical trials with long-term follow-up are warranted to validate the findings and benefits of ICIs.
Development and validation of a radiomics-based nomogram for predicting a major pathological response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy for patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancer.; INTRODUCTION: The treatment response to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy varies among patients with potentially resectable non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) and may have severe immune-related adverse effects. We are currently unable to accurately predict therapeutic response. We aimed to develop a radiomics-based nomogram to predict a major pathological response (MPR) of potentially resectable NSCLC to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy using pretreatment computed tomography (CT) images and clinical characteristics. METHODS: A total of 89 eligible participants were included and randomly divided into training (N=64) and validation (N=25) sets. Radiomic features were extracted from tumor volumes of interest in pretreatment CT images. Following data dimension reduction, feature selection, and radiomic signature building, a radiomics-clinical combined nomogram was developed using logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The radiomics-clinical combined model achieved excellent discriminative performance, with AUCs of 0.84 (95% CI, 0.74-0.93) and 0.81(95% CI, 0.63-0.98) and accuracies of 80% and 80% in the training and validation sets, respectively. Decision curves analysis (DCA) indicated that the radiomics-clinical combined nomogram was clinically valuable. DISCUSSION: The constructed nomogram was able to predict MPR to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy with a high degree of accuracy and robustness, suggesting that it is a convenient tool for assisting with the individualized management of patients with potentially resectable NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant Durvalumab Alone or Combined with Novel Immuno-Oncology Agents in Resectable Lung Cancer: The Phase II NeoCOAST Platform Trial.; Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy improves pathologic complete response rate and event-free survival in patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) versus chemotherapy alone. NeoCOAST was the first randomized, multidrug platform trial to examine novel neoadjuvant immuno-oncology combinations for patients with resectable NSCLC, using major pathologic response (MPR) rate as the primary endpoint. Eighty-three patients received a single cycle of treatment: 26 received durvalumab (anti-PD-L1) monotherapy, 21 received durvalumab plus oleclumab (anti-CD73), 20 received durvalumab plus monalizumab (anti-NKG2A), and 16 received durvalumab plus danvatirsen (anti-STAT3 antisense oligonucleotide). MPR rates were higher for patients in the combination arms versus durvalumab alone. Safety profiles for the combinations were similar to those of durvalumab alone. Multiplatform immune profiling suggested that improved MPR rates in the durvalumab plus oleclumab and durvalumab plus monalizumab arms were associated with enhanced effector immune infiltration of tumors, interferon responses and markers of tertiary lymphoid structure formation, and systemic functional immune cell activation. SIGNIFICANCE: A neoadjuvant platform trial can rapidly generate clinical and translational data using candidate surrogate endpoints like MPR. In NeoCOAST, patients with resectable NSCLC had improved MPR rates after durvalumab plus oleclumab or monalizumab versus durvalumab alone and tumoral transcriptomic signatures indicative of augmented immune cell activation and function. See related commentary by Cooper and Yu, p. 2306. This article is featured in Selected Articles from This Issue, p. 2293.
Neoadjuvant Versus Adjuvant Systemic Therapy for Early-Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: The Changing Landscape Due to Immunotherapy.; Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. One-third of NSCLC patients present with surgically resectable, non-metastatic disease; however, many of these patients will recur despite curative surgery and adjuvant therapy. The recent publication of randomized trials incorporating immune check-point inhibitors (ICI) to the standard neo-adjuvant and adjuvant treatment regimens has reported improved survival with manageable toxicity profiles. The IMpower 010 studied the use of adjuvant atezolizumab after standard surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy. They demonstrated an improvement in 3-year disease-free survival (DFS) prompting a change in treatment guidelines. The Checkmate 816 and NADIM II studies evaluated the addition of pembrolizumab and nivolumab, respectively, to standard neo-adjuvant chemotherapy. The results from both trials showed an improvement in 2-year event-free survival (EFS) and 2-year PFS (PFS), respectively. In this review, we summarize the prior data regarding adjuvant and neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in NSCLC and elaborate on results from the newer trials incorporating ICIs. We briefly discuss the pros and cons of each treatment approach along with areas that need further clarity to inform clinical practice and future directions for research in this disease.
The Emerging Role of Immunotherapy in Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: Despite surgical resection, long-term survival of patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains poor. Adjuvant chemotherapy, the standard of care for locally advanced NSCLC, provides a marginal 5.4% benefit in survival. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have shown a significant survival benefit in some patients with advanced NSCLC and are being evaluated for perioperative use in resectable NSCLC. METHODS: We conducted a literature search using the PubMed online database to identify clinical trials of immunotherapy in resectable NSCLC and studies analyzing biomarkers and immune priming strategies. RESULTS: Building on previous phase I and II trials, randomized phase III trials have shown efficacy of neoadjuvant nivolumab, perioperative pembrolizumab, adjuvant atezolizumab, and adjuvant pembrolizumab in the treatment of NSCLC with improvement of event-free/disease-free survival of 24% to 42%, leading to United States Food and Drug Administration approval of these drugs in the treatment of resectable NSCLC. Three additional phase III trials have also recently reported the use of immunotherapy both before and after surgery, with pathologic complete response rates of 17% to 25%, significantly better than chemotherapy alone. Perioperative ICI therapy has comparable perioperative morbidity to chemotherapy alone and does not impair surgical outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Perioperative immunotherapy, in combination with chemotherapy, is safe and improves outcomes in patients with resectable NSCLC. Questions regarding patient selection, the need for adjuvant ICI therapy after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, and the duration of perioperative immunotherapy remain to be answered by future trials.
Neoadjuvant Camrelizumab Plus Platinum-Based Chemotherapy vs Chemotherapy Alone for Chinese Patients With Resectable Stage IIIA or IIIB (T3N2) Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: The TD-FOREKNOW Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: The benefit of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy for resectable stage IIIA or IIIB non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus chemotherapy vs chemotherapy alone for patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB NSCLC. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: In this randomized phase 2 clinical trial conducted at 2 hospitals in China, patients aged 18 to 70 years with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB (T3N2) NSCLC were enrolled between April 7, 2020, and January 12, 2022. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were randomly assigned to receive 3 cycles of camrelizumab (200 mg) plus chemotherapy (nab-paclitaxel, 130 mg/m2, and platinum [cisplatin, 75 mg/m2; carboplatin, area under the curve, 5; or nedaplatin, 100 mg/m2]) or chemotherapy alone, followed by surgery after 4 to 6 weeks. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was the pathologic complete response (pCR) rate. Secondary end points included the major pathologic response (MPR) rate, objective response rate (ORR), event-free survival (EFS), and safety. Disease-free survival (DFS, defined as the time from surgery to disease recurrence or death from any cause) was analyzed post hoc. Efficacy was assessed on a modified intention-to-treat basis. RESULTS: Ninety-four Chinese patients were randomized, and 88 (93.6%; median age, 61 years [IQR, 54-65 years]; 74 men [84.1%]) received allocated neoadjuvant treatment (43 received camrelizumab plus chemotherapy, and 45 received chemotherapy alone). Among these 88 patients, the pCR rate was 32.6% (14 of 43; 95% CI, 19.1%-48.5%) with camrelizumab plus chemotherapy vs 8.9% (4 of 45; 95% CI, 2.5%-21.2%) with chemotherapy alone (odds ratio, 4.95; 95% CI, 1.35-22.37; P = .008). The MPR rates were 65.1% (95% CI, 49.1%-79.0%) with camrelizumab plus chemotherapy and 15.6% (95% CI, 6.5%-29.5%) with chemotherapy alone. The radiographic ORRs were 72.1% (95% CI, 56.3%-84.7%) with camrelizumab plus chemotherapy and 53.3% (95% CI, 37.9%-68.3%) with chemotherapy alone. With a median follow-up of 14.1 months (IQR, 9.2-20.9 months), the median EFS and DFS were not reached in either group. The most common neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events of grade 3 or higher were decreased white blood cell count (6 of 43 [14.0%] in the camrelizumab plus chemotherapy group vs 2 of 45 [4.4%] in the chemotherapy group) and decreased neutrophil count (3 of 43 [7.0%] in the camrelizumab plus chemotherapy group vs 5 of 45 [11.1%] in the chemotherapy group). No treatment-related deaths were reported. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This randomized clinical trial found that among patients with resectable stage IIIA or IIIB (T3N2) NSCLC, camrelizumab plus chemotherapy, compared with chemotherapy alone, significantly improved the pCR rate with manageable toxic effects. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04338620.
Neoadjuvant Chemo-Immunotherapy for Early-Stage Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) with neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) plus chemotherapy (ICI-chemotherapy) for patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have reported consistent associations with event-free survival (EFS) and pathologic complete response (pCR) pending longer follow-up for overall survival data. OBJECTIVE: To assess the pooled benefit of ICI-chemotherapy in 2-year EFS and pCR among patients with NSCLC and examine the impact of clinical, pathologic, and treatment-related factors. DATA SOURCES: Full-text articles and abstracts in English were searched in EMBASE, PubMed, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews through November 1, 2023, and in oncology conference proceedings from January 1, 2008, to November 1, 2023. STUDY SELECTION: Phase 2 or 3 RCTs with neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy with or without adjuvant ICIs vs neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone with or without placebo or observation in patients with previously untreated NSCLC staged IB to IIIB were included. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Data extraction of prespecified data elements was performed by 2 reviewers using a structured data abstraction electronic form. A random-effects model was used for meta-analysis. The meta-analysis followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Two-year EFS and pCR were the outcomes of interest in patients who received neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy (experimental arm) or neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone (control arm). Aggregated pooled hazard ratios (HRs) for time-to-event outcomes (2-year EFS) and risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes (pCR) with their respective 95% CIs were calculated. RESULTS: Eight trials with 3387 patients were included, with some concerns of risk of bias as assessed by the Cochrane Collaboration method, mainly related to outcomes measurements. Neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy was associated with improved 2-year EFS (HR, 0.57; 95% CI, 0.50-0.66; P < .001) and increased pCR rate (RR, 5.58; 95% CI, 4.27-7.29; P < .001) in the experimental vs control treatment arms. This association was not significantly modified by the main patient characteristics; tumor- or treatment-related factors, including tumor programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) status; type of platinum-compound chemotherapy; number of cycles of neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy; or addition of adjuvant ICIs. Patients whose tumor cells were negative for PD-L1 were at higher risk of relapse (HR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.62-0.91) than were those with low (HR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.37-0.71) or high PD-L1 (HR, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.27-0.58) (P = .005). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this systematic review and meta-analysis of neoadjuvant ICI-chemotherapy RCTs in patients with early-stage NSCLC, 3 cycles of neoadjuvant platinum-based ICI-chemotherapy were associated with a meaningful improvement in 2-year EFS and pCR.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer in Japanese patients from CheckMate 816.; In the open-label, phase III CheckMate 816 study (NCT02998528), neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy demonstrated statistically significant improvements in event-free survival (EFS) and pathological complete response (pCR) versus chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here we report efficacy and safety outcomes in the Japanese subpopulation. Patients with stage IB-IIIA, resectable NSCLC were randomized 1:1 to nivolumab plus chemotherapy or chemotherapy alone for three cycles before undergoing definitive surgery within 6 weeks of completing neoadjuvant treatment. The primary end-points (EFS and pCR) and safety were assessed in patients enrolled at 16 centers in Japan. Of the Japanese patients randomized, 93.9% (31/33) in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm and 82.9% (29/35) in the chemotherapy arm underwent surgery. At 21.5 months' minimum follow-up, median EFS was 30.6 months (95% confidence interval [CI], 16.8-not reached [NR]) with nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus 19.6 months (95% CI, 8.5-NR) with chemotherapy; hazard ratio, 0.60 (95% CI, 0.30-1.24). The pCR rate was 30.3% (95% CI, 15.6-48.7) versus 5.7% (95% CI, 0.7-19.2), respectively; odds ratio, 7.17 (95% CI, 1.44-35.85). Grade 3/4 treatment-related adverse events were reported in 59.4% versus 42.9% of patients, respectively, with no new safety signals identified. Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy resulted in longer EFS and a higher pCR rate versus chemotherapy alone in Japanese patients, consistent with findings in the global population. These data support nivolumab plus chemotherapy as a neoadjuvant treatment option in Japanese patients with resectable NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant-Adjuvant vs Neoadjuvant-Only PD-1 and PD-L1 Inhibitors for Patients With Resectable NSCLC: An Indirect Meta-Analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Neoadjuvant therapy combining programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) and programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitors with platinum-based chemotherapy has demonstrated significant improvement in pathologic response and survival rates among patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, it remains controversial whether PD-1 blockade therapy given before and after surgery (neoadjuvant-adjuvant treatment) is associated with better outcomes than when given only before surgery (neoadjuvant-only treatment). OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety associated with neoadjuvant-adjuvant anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 therapy with neoadjuvant-only anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 therapy for patients with resectable NSCLC. DATA SOURCES: A systematic search was conducted across databases including PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library, as well as major oncology conferences, through July 31, 2023. STUDY SELECTION: Randomized clinical trials comparing neoadjuvant-adjuvant or neoadjuvant-only PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitor therapy vs chemotherapy alone for patients with resectable NSCLC were selected. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guideline, 2 authors independently extracted data. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) were extracted and then pooled through the generic inverse-variance methods. Relative risks (RRs) for treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were derived via the Mantel-Haenszel method. Using chemotherapy as a common comparator, indirect comparisons between neoadjuvant-adjuvant immunotherapy and neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy were conducted using frequentist methods. A random or fixed model was used based on intertrial heterogeneity identified through the Cochran Q test. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was EFS, with secondary outcomes including OS and TRAEs. RESULTS: The study encompassed 4 trials of neoadjuvant-adjuvant immunotherapy and 1 trial of neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy, involving 2385 patients. Direct meta-analysis revealed significant improvements in EFS for both neoadjuvant-adjuvant and neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone. In indirect meta-analysis, the addition of adjuvant immunotherapy to neoadjuvant immunotherapy was not associated with improved EFS (HR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.63-1.30; P = .59) or OS (HR, 1.18; 95% CI, 0.73-1.90; P = .51) compared with neoadjuvant-only immunotherapy. Moreover, the incidence of any grade of TRAEs significantly increased with the addition of adjuvant immunotherapy (RR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.00-1.17; P = .04). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This meta-analysis suggests that adding PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors in the adjuvant phase to neoadjuvant treatment with PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors and chemotherapy may not improve survival outcomes for patients with resectable NSCLC and may be associated with increased adverse events. Future validation of these findings is warranted through head-to-head randomized clinical trials.
Neoadjuvant durvalumab with or without stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer: a single-centre, randomised phase 2 trial.; BACKGROUND: Previous phase 2 trials of neoadjuvant anti-PD-1 or anti-PD-L1 monotherapy in patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer have reported major pathological response rates in the range of 15-45%. Evidence suggests that stereotactic body radiotherapy might be a potent immunomodulator in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this trial, we aimed to evaluate the use of stereotactic body radiotherapy in patients with early-stage NSCLC as an immunomodulator to enhance the anti-tumour immune response associated with the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab. METHODS: We did a single-centre, open-label, randomised, controlled, phase 2 trial, comparing neoadjuvant durvalumab alone with neoadjuvant durvalumab plus stereotactic radiotherapy in patients with early-stage NSCLC, at NewYork-Presbyterian and Weill Cornell Medical Center (New York, NY, USA). We enrolled patients with potentially resectable early-stage NSCLC (clinical stages I-IIIA as per the 7th edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer) who were aged 18 years or older with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to either neoadjuvant durvalumab monotherapy or neoadjuvant durvalumab plus stereotactic body radiotherapy (8 Gy × 3 fractions), using permuted blocks with varied sizes and no stratification for clinical or molecular variables. Patients, treating physicians, and all study personnel were unmasked to treatment assignment after all patients were randomly assigned. All patients received two cycles of durvalumab 3 weeks apart at a dose of 1·12 g by intravenous infusion over 60 min. Those in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group also received three consecutive daily fractions of 8 Gy stereotactic body radiotherapy delivered to the primary tumour immediately before the first cycle of durvalumab. Patients without systemic disease progression proceeded to surgical resection. The primary endpoint was major pathological response in the primary tumour. All analyses were done on an intention-to-treat basis. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrial.gov, NCT02904954, and is ongoing but closed to accrual. FINDINGS: Between Jan 25, 2017, and Sept 15, 2020, 96 patients were screened and 60 were enrolled and randomly assigned to either the durvalumab monotherapy group (n=30) or the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group (n=30). 26 (87%) of 30 patients in each group had their tumours surgically resected. Major pathological response was observed in two (6·7% [95% CI 0·8-22·1]) of 30 patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group and 16 (53·3% [34·3-71·7]) of 30 patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group. The difference in the major pathological response rates between both groups was significant (crude odds ratio 16·0 [95% CI 3·2-79·6]; p<0·0001). In the 16 patients in the dual therapy group with a major pathological response, eight (50%) had a complete pathological response. The second cycle of durvalumab was withheld in three (10%) of 30 patients in the dual therapy group due to immune-related adverse events (grade 3 hepatitis, grade 2 pancreatitis, and grade 3 fatigue and thrombocytopaenia). Grade 3-4 adverse events occurred in five (17%) of 30 patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group and six (20%) of 30 patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group. The most frequent grade 3-4 events were hyponatraemia (three [10%] patients in the durvalumab monotherapy group) and hyperlipasaemia (three [10%] patients in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group). Two patients in each group had serious adverse events (pulmonary embolism [n=1] and stroke [n=1] in the durvalumab monotherapy group, and pancreatitis [n=1] and fatigue [n=1] in the durvalumab plus radiotherapy group). No treatment-related deaths or deaths within 30 days of surgery were reported. INTERPRETATION: Neoadjuvant durvalumab combined with stereotactic body radiotherapy is well tolerated, safe, and associated with a high major pathological response rate. This neoadjuvant strategy should be validated in a larger trial. FUNDING: AstraZeneca.
Neoadjuvant durvalumab plus radiation versus durvalumab alone in stages I-III non-small cell lung cancer: survival outcomes and molecular correlates of a randomized phase II trial.; We previously reported the results of a randomized phase II trial (NCT02904954) in patients with early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who were treated with either two preoperative cycles of the anti-PD-L1 antibody durvalumab alone or combined with immunomodulatory doses of stereotactic radiation (DRT). The trial met its primary endpoint of major pathological response, which was significantly higher following DRT with no new safety signals. Here, we report on the prespecified secondary endpoint of disease-free survival (DFS) regardless of treatment assignment and the prespecified exploratory analysis of DFS in each arm of the trial. DFS at 2 and 3 years across patients in both arms of the trial were 73% (95% CI: 62.1-84.5) and 65% (95% CI: 52.5-76.9) respectively. For the exploratory endpoint of DFS in each arm of the trial, three-year DFS was 63% (95% CI: 46.0-80.4) in the durvalumab monotherapy arm compared to 67% (95% CI: 49.6-83.4) in the dual therapy arm. In addition, we report post hoc exploratory analysis of progression-free survival as well as molecular correlates of response and recurrence through high-plex immunophenotyping of sequentially collected peripheral blood and gene expression profiles from resected tumors in both treatment arms. Together, our results contribute to the evolving landscape of neoadjuvant treatment regimens for NSCLC and identify easily measurable potential biomarkers of response and recurrence.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of immune checkpoint inhibitors as single agent or in combination with chemotherapy in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer: Impact of clinicopathological factors and indirect comparison between treatment strategies.; BACKGROUND: In non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) revolution is rapidly moving from metastatic to early-stage, however, the impact of clinicopathological variables and optimal treatment sequencing remain unclear. METHODS: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in patients with early-stage NSCLC treated with ICI as single agent or in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy (PCT) were included. Primary outcomes were pathological complete response (pCR), event free survival (EFS) (neoadjuvant/perioperative), and disease-free survival (DFS) (adjuvant). Secondary outcomes were major pathological response (MPR), overall survival (OS), toxicity, surgical outcomes (neoadjuvant/perioperative); OS and toxicity (adjuvant). An additional secondary endpoint was to compare EFS and OS between neoadjuvant and perioperative strategies. RESULTS: 8 RCTs (2 neoadjuvant, 4 perioperative, 2 adjuvant) (4661 participants) were included. Neoadjuvant/perioperative ICI+PCT significantly improved pCR, EFS, OS, MPR and R0 resection compared to PCT. Adjuvant ICI significantly improved DFS compared to placebo. There was a significant subgroup interaction by PD-L1 status (χ(2) = 10.72, P = 0.005), pCR (χ(2) = 17.80, P < 0.0001), and stage (χ(2) = 4.46, P = 0.003) for EFS. No difference according to PD-L1 status was found for pCR, with 14% of patients having PD-L1 negative tumors still experiencing a pCR. No interaction by PD-L1 status was found for DFS upon adjuvant ICI. Indirect comparison showed no difference in EFS and OS between neoadjuvant and perioperative ICI+PCT. CONCLUSIONS: PD-L1 status, pCR and stage impact on survival upon neoadjuvant/perioperative ICI. The restriction of neoadjuvant/perioperative ICI to PD-L1 + patients could preclude pCR and long-term benefit in the PD-L1- subgroup. Neoadjuvant and perioperative could be equivalent strategies.
Surgical and survival outcomes with perioperative or neoadjuvant immune-checkpoint inhibitors combined with platinum-based chemotherapy in resectable NSCLC: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.; The use of neoadjuvant or perioperative anti-PD(L)1 was recently tested in multiple clinical trials. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised trials comparing neoadjuvant or perioperative chemoimmunotherapy to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable NSCLC. Nine reports from 6 studies were included. Receipt of surgery was more frequent in the experimental arm (odds ratio, OR 1.39) as was pCR (OR 7.60). EFS was improved in the experimental arm (hazard ratio, HR 0.55) regardless of stage, histology, PD-L1 expression (PD-L1 negative, HR 0.74) and smoking exposure (never smokers, HR 0.67), as was OS (HR 0.67). Grade > = 3 treatment-related adverse events were more frequent in the experimental arm (OR 1.22). The experimental treatment improved surgical outcomes, pCR rates, EFS and OS in stage II-IIIB, EGFR/ALK negative resectable NSCLC; confirmatory evidence is warranted for stage IIIB tumours and with higher maturity of the OS endpoint.
Neoadjuvant therapy in non-small cell lung cancer: basis, promise, and challenges.; INTRODUCTION: Survival rates for early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remain poor despite the decade-long established standard of surgical resection and systemic adjuvant therapy. Realizing this, researchers are exploring novel therapeutic targets and deploying neoadjuvant therapies to predict and improve clinical and pathological outcomes in lung cancer patients. Neoadjuvant therapy is also increasingly being used to downstage disease to allow for resection with a curative intent. In this review, we aim to summarize the current and developing landscape of using neoadjuvant therapy in the management of NSCLC. METHODS: The PubMed.gov and the ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched on 15 January 2023, to identify published research studies and trials relevant to this review. One hundred and seven published articles and seventeen ongoing clinical trials were selected, and relevant findings and information was reviewed. RESULTS & DISCUSSION: Neoadjuvant therapy, proven through clinical trials and meta-analyses, exhibits safety and efficacy comparable to or sometimes surpassing adjuvant therapy. By attacking micro-metastases early and reducing tumor burden, it allows for effective downstaging of disease, allowing for curative surgical resection attempts. Research into neoadjuvant therapy has necessitated the development of surrogate endpoints such as major pathologic response (MPR) and pathologic complete response (pCR) allowing for shorter duration clinical trials. Novel chemotherapy, immunotherapy, and targeted therapy agents are being tested at a furious rate, paving the way for a future of personalized systemic therapy in NSCLC. However, challenges remain that prevent further mainstream adoption of preoperative (Neoadjuvant) therapy. These include the risk of delaying curative surgical resection in scenarios of adverse events or treatment resistance. Also, the predictive value of surrogate markers of disease cure still needs robust verification. Finally, the body of published data is still limited compared to adjuvant therapy. Addressing these concerns with more large scale randomized controlled trials is needed.
Immunotherapy for early-stage non-small cell lung cancer: A system review.; With the addition of immunotherapy, lung cancer, one of the most common cancers with high mortality rates, has broadened the treatment landscape. Immune checkpoint inhibitors have demonstrated significant efficacy in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and are now used as the first-line therapy for metastatic disease, consolidation therapy after radiotherapy for unresectable locally advanced disease, and adjuvant therapy after surgical resection and chemotherapy for resectable disease. The use of adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy in patients with early-stage NSCLC, however, is still debatable. We will address several aspects, namely the initial efficacy of monotherapy, the efficacy of combination chemotherapy, immunotherapy-related biomarkers, adverse effects, ongoing randomized controlled trials, and current issues and future directions for immunotherapy in early-stage NSCLC will be discussed here.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in nonsmall cell lung cancer.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Immune-checkpoint inhibitors have improved treatment outcomes for metastatic nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Whether this therapeutic potential might also translate into survival gains in earlier stages is an area of active research. Based on preclinical rationale the neoadjuvant administration of immunotherapeutic agents is of special interest. This review is intended to summarize the existing background, published early clinical evidence, and provide perspective on future developments regarding neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC. RECENT FINDINGS: Preclinical data and early clinical trials suggest promising efficacy of immune-checkpoint inhibitors in early-stage NSCLC when administered in a neoadjuvant manner. Compared to historical controls, the rates of pathologic and radiographic regression seem to be improved, in particular when immunotherapy is combined with standard platinum-based chemotherapy. These favorable treatment effects are accompanied by a moderate toxicity profile without impairing surgical outcomes. Several phase III trials are underway to provide definitive evidence. SUMMARY: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has the potential to substantially improve outcomes in early-stage NSCLC and therefore to change daily clinical practice in the near future.
Current Approaches to Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: For decades, early-stage resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), while potentially curable, has been marred by unacceptably high recurrence rates. RECENT FINDINGS: Anti-PD(L)1 immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) has revolutionized the treatment of advanced NSCLC, and with recent approvals in the peri-operative space, is now poised to transform the systemic treatment paradigm for localized and locally-advanced NSCLC. In this review, we focus on neoadjuvant ICB in resectable NSCLC, highlighting the pre-clinical rationale for neoadjuvant ICB, early clinical trials, randomized phase 3 trial data, and future directions for resectable NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy in Patients with Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.; Worldwide, lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer morbidity and mortality. Despite a trend towards an escalating diagnosis of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), overall survival (OS) in patients with resectable NSCLC remains poor. The incorporation of chemotherapy into the neoadjuvant setting has improved disease-free survival (DFS), time to distant recurrence, and OS. Furthermore, the incorporation of immunotherapy and the combination of chemotherapy and immunotherapy have improved pathological responses, which seems to be associated with increased survival. Therefore, immunotherapy represents a paradigm shift in treating resectable NSCLC. However, validation in large randomized trials is mandatory and a longer postoperative follow-up period is required. Additionally, neoadjuvant therapy trials offer an exceptional environment for testing predictive biomarkers. PD-L1 expression and tumor mutational burden (TMB) are the most helpful tools for predicting the likelihood of response with immunotherapy in metastatic NSCLC. However, in the neoadjuvant setting, PD-L1 expression and TMB have had opposite results until now. Recently, the immune profiling and some immune-related genes also appear to be involved in the prognosis and response to immunotherapy in NSCLC. Further prospective studies are needed to derive definitive conclusions.
Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy for resectable NSCLC: subpopulation analysis of Chinese patients in CheckMate 816.; BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy significantly improved event-free survival (EFS) and pathologic complete response (pCR) versus chemotherapy alone in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the global phase III CheckMate 816 study. Here, we report post hoc exploratory efficacy, safety, and surgical outcomes in the Chinese subpopulation of this study. METHODS: Adults with stage IB-IIIA resectable NSCLC were randomized to receive nivolumab 360 mg plus chemotherapy or chemotherapy alone every 3 weeks for three cycles followed by surgery. Primary endpoints included EFS and pCR (both per blinded independent review). EFS and pCR results were from 14 October 2022, and 16 September 2020, database locks, respectively. RESULTS: The Chinese subpopulation comprised 97 patients (nivolumab plus chemotherapy, 44; chemotherapy, 53). At 38.2 months of minimum follow-up, median EFS was not reached [95% confidence interval (CI) 23.4 months-not reached] in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm and 13.9 months (95% CI 8.3-34.3 months) in the chemotherapy arm (hazard ratio 0.47, 95% CI 0.25-0.88). pCR rates were 25.0% (95% CI 13.2% to 40.3%) and 1.9% (95% CI 0.0% to 10.1%), respectively (odds ratio 11.05; 95% CI 1.41-86.49). Of 97 Chinese patients, 36 (82%) in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm and 41 (77%) in the chemotherapy arm underwent definitive surgery. Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in 18/43 patients (42%) treated with nivolumab plus chemotherapy and 22/53 patients (42%) treated with chemotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: Consistent with findings in the global study population of CheckMate 816, neoadjuvant nivolumab plus chemotherapy improved EFS and pCR versus chemotherapy in the Chinese subpopulation without impacting treatment tolerability or the feasibility of surgery. These findings support the use of nivolumab plus chemotherapy as a standard neoadjuvant treatment option for Chinese patients with resectable NSCLC.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer: right drugs, right patient, right time?; Standard curative treatment of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) involves surgery in combination with postoperative (adjuvant) platinum-based chemotherapy where indicated. Preoperative (neoadjuvant) therapies offer certain theoretical benefits compared with adjuvant approaches, including the ability to assess on-treatment response, reduce the tumor bulk prior to surgery, and enhance tolerability in the preoperative setting. Indeed, the use of neoadjuvant therapies are well established in other cancers such as breast and rectal cancers to debulk the tumor and guide ongoing therapy, and neoadjuvant chemotherapy has similar efficacy but less toxicity in NSCLC. More recently, immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) targeting programmed death-1 (PD1)/PD1-ligand 1 (PD-L1) have transformed the treatment of advanced NSCLC; the unique mechanisms of action of ICI offer additional rationale for assessment in the neoadjuvant setting. Preclinical studies in mouse cancer models support the proof of concept of neoadjuvant ICI (NAICI) through improvement of T-cell effector function and long-term memory induction. Preliminary early-phase human trial data support the proposition that NAICI in NSCLC may provide an feasible and potentially efficacious future treatment strategy and large, randomized phase III trials are currently recruiting to assess this approach. However, outstanding issues include defining optimal treatment combinations which balance high efficacy with acceptable toxicity, validating biomarkers to aid in patient selection, and avoiding potential pitfalls such as missing a window for successful surgery, that is, choosing the right drugs, for the right patient, at the right time. Predictive biomarkers to direct selection of therapy are required, and the validation of major pathological response (MPR) as a surrogate for survival will be important in the uptake of the neoadjuvant approach.
The emerging perioperative treatment paradigm for non-small cell lung cancer: a narrative review.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The management of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has relied on surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy for the past two decades, but is now radically changing through the introduction of immunotherapy and targeted drugs. This review was conducted to summarize recent developments and highlight future directions. METHODS: A literature search for randomized phase 2/3 trials on the treatment of early-stage NSCLC was performed based on PubMed and the content on major oncology congresses during the last 3 years. KEY CONTENT AND FINDINGS: Perioperative strategies with 3-4 cycles of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy and 1 year of adjuvant programmed cell death (ligand) 1 [PD-(L)1] blockade combine the efficacy of purely adjuvant [effective for both stage II and stage III tumors with event-free survival hazard ratios (HR) of approximately 0.70] and the purely neoadjuvant strategies (effective only for stage III with a lower EFS HR of approximately 0.50), show benefit across the entire spectrum of PD-L1 tumor expression levels, and significantly improve overall survival, as the NADIM-2 and Keynote-671 studies recently showed. Once approved, they will probably dominate the landscape of management for resectable NCSLC based on two main advantages: first, compared to purely adjuvant treatments, like those of the IMpower010 and Keynote-091 trials, they allow for evaluation of response in the surgical specimen and permit adjustment of the postoperative management accordingly; second, compared to the purely neoadjuvant treatment of Checkmate-816, their postoperative component appears to additionally improve the outcome of patients failing to achieve a pathologic complete remission (pCR). Further improvements in the near future will likely include intensified postoperative therapy for non-pCR patients, e.g., with addition of chemotherapy, antibody-drug conjugates, or next-generation immunotherapeutics; broader use of circulating tumor DNA assays for improved monitoring of minimal residual disease; as well as routine availability of further tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) against oncogenic drivers beyond classic EGFR mutations, like adjuvant alectinib for tumors with ALK fusions, whose approval is expected soon based on the recent success of the ALINA trial, and adjuvant selpercatinib for tumors with RET fusions, if the ongoing LIBRETTO-432 trial is also positive. The availability of both TKI and neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in the routine setting renders molecular tumor profiling imperative for potentially resectable tumors already at initial diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Perioperative immunotherapy is becoming the dominant treatment paradigm for resectable NSCLC, while increasing use of targeted drugs for actionable alterations necessitates upfront molecular profiling of early tumors for patient selection.
Perioperative systemic therapies for non-small-cell lung cancer: Recent advances and future perspectives.; The mainstay of treatment for early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is surgical resection. Traditionally, chemotherapy has been used perioperatively in locally extensive disease to improve the oncologic outcomes of surgery, with a 5-year absolute survival benefit of approximately 5%. In recent years, immunotherapy and molecular targeted therapy have shown excellent results in the treatment of locoregionally advanced and metastatic NSCLC, replacing chemotherapy as first-line treatment in certain cases. Consequently, researchers have been increasingly investigating the use of immunotherapy or targeted therapy in combination with surgery for the treatment of early-stage disease. This growing research interest has resulted in several published and ongoing studies of various size and design. In this mini review, we provide a succinct and up-to-date overview of recently published, phase 3 randomized clinical trials on adjuvant and neoadjuvant immunotherapy or targeted therapy for NSCLC. We subsequently discuss some important unresolved clinical issues, including the optimal duration of treatment, scheduling with respect to surgery, and potential combinations of different systemic therapies. Finally, we reference large, randomized, phase 3 studies that are currently in progress and may give answers to those and other clinical questions.
Immunotherapy in patients with early stage resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: 'Early-stage' nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) refers to stage I and stage II disease, and selected cases of stage IIIA disease where complete tumor resection is feasible. Surgery is the standard treatment for early NSCLC, but the overall 5-year survival remains below 50%. The addition of adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy to surgery improved 5-year survival rates by 5-10%, but no significant therapeutic innovation has been established thereafter. We review recent and ongoing studies looking how immunotherapy may improve the outcome of these patients. RECENT FINDINGS: Antigen-specific immunotherapy (cancer vaccination) did not fulfill its promise in a large phase III randomized trial in completely resected early-stage NSCLC. Over the past few years, immunotherapy with immune checkpoint inhibition (ICI) has led to remarkable progress in nononcogene addicted metastatic NSCLC. We review ongoing clinical investigations that want to translate these benefits to earlier stages of NSCLC. Both adjuvant and neoadjuvant large randomized controlled trials with ICI are ongoing. SUMMARY: Although from a mechanistic perspective the neoadjuvant administration may be preferred, it is crucial that both adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials are recruited as planned, to have a balanced view how ICI therapy may ultimately improve cure rates in these patients.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a narrative review on mechanisms, efficacy and safety.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Immune checkpoint inhibitors and immunotherapy have been shown to improve survival rates, especially in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. More recently, several trials have evaluated the clinical roles of immunotherapy as neoadjuvant settings for NSCLC. There trials suggested that neoadjuvant immunotherapy may effectively reduce the risk of the local recurrence and metastasis of cancer, and significantly improved overall survival and cure rates. Here we conducted a review to summarize the possible mechanism, clinical development, and research progress of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC. METHODS: Relevant articles for this review were retrieved from Google Scholar, Clinicaltrials.gov., and PubMed using the terms "non-small-cell lung cancer", "NSCLC", "neoadjuvant", "immunotherapy", "immune checkpoint inhibitors", "mechanisms", and "toxicity". The primary focus was placed on clinical studies and conference abstracts measuring the safety and efficacy of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC until May 2022. KEY CONTENT AND FINDINGS: After reviewing the preclinical and clinical trial, the preclinical study showed that neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor promotes antitumor immunity through the enhancement of T cell effector function and the induction of long-term memory. The initial results of preliminary early-phase trials suggested that neoadjuvant immunotherapy is a promising therapeutic strategy for resectable NSCLC patients, with long-term response and modest toxicity, many of these regimens are currently being evaluated by randomized phase III trials. In addition, the major pathologic response of neoadjuvant immunotherapy ranged up to 45% in these studies when used alone, and up to around 83-86% when used in combination with chemotherapy, therefore it has been seen as a rather potent tumor debulking agent. CONCLUSIONS: Neoadjuvant immunotherapy has been shown to be a novel integral component of NSCLC care. However, there are also several research questions that requires further investigation, such as the side effects, the optimally treated patients, and the time of preoperative immunotherapy.
Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; OBJECTIVES: To systematically evaluate the effectiveness and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). METHODS: Randomized controlled trials of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in treating patients with NSCLC were comprehensively retrieved from electronic databases, eligible studies, previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses, guidelines, and conference abstracts. The meta-analysis was performed by the Stata/SE 12.0 software. RESULTS: Eleven randomized controlled trials were eventually included. The results of the meta-analysis showed that neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy significantly improved the objective response rate compared with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (CT; 62.46% vs 41.88%, P = 0.003), but the objective response rate of neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy was roughly comparable to that of neoadjuvant single-immunotherapy (15.74% vs 10.45%, P = 0.387). Major pathologic response (MPR) rate and pathologic complete response (pCR) rate of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy were significantly superior to neoadjuvant CT alone and neoadjuvant single-immunotherapy, respectively. Compared with neoadjuvant CT alone, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy increased the down-staging rate (40.16% vs 26.70%, P = 0.060), the surgical resection rate (83.69% vs 73.07%, P = 0.231), and R0 resection rate (86.19% vs 77.98%, P = 0.502), but there were no statistically significant differences. Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy did not increase the postoperative complications rate than neoadjuvant CT alone (40.20% vs 41.30%, P = 0.920). In terms of safety, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy did not increase the incidence of treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) and the grade 3 or higher TRAEs. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy had better clinical efficacy than neoadjuvant CT for patients with NSCLC. MPR rate and pCR rate of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and neoadjuvant double-immunotherapy were significantly superior to neoadjuvant CT and neoadjuvant single-immunotherapy, respectively, for patients with NSCLC, showing that MPR rate and pCR rate were probably considered as alternative endpoints for survival benefit. TRAEs were comparable between the corresponding groups. The long-term survival outcome of neoadjuvant immunotherapy for patients with NSCLC needs to be further confirmed to better guide clinical practice.
Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy for NSCLC: Current Concepts and Future Approaches.; Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Patients with resectable NSCLC are often treated with surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy. However, these patients continue to have a high risk of recurrence and death. Unfortunately, there has been little progress in the treatment of resectable NSCLC over the past several decades. Neoadjuvant therapy, which has been considered as an approach to improve survival in patients with resectable NSCLC, is a hotly debated topic. A systematic review of 32 randomized trials involving 10,000 patients revealed that there was no difference in survival between preoperative and postoperative chemotherapy. Because of such results and the theoretical concern about resectable tumors progressing on relatively ineffective neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and thus becoming unresectable, neoadjuvant chemotherapy fell out of favor, and many clinicians preferred adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery. However, neoadjuvant therapy has been revived in the past couple of years, with emerging data from various ongoing trials suggesting that neoadjuvant immunotherapy may have significant efficacy and could potentially improve the survival of patients with resectable NSCLC. In this review article, we discuss the evidence supporting the role of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in the multimodal management of resectable NSCLC. We summarize early results of ongoing clinical trials and highlight the challenges in adopting a uniform definition of treatment "success." We address hurdles to be overcome for seeking regulatory approval for neoadjuvant immunotherapy and establishing it as a standard of care. Finally, we provide some perspectives for the future.
Neoadjuvant vs Adjuvant Chemoimmunotherapy for Stage II-IIIB Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.; BACKGROUND: In patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), recent trials demonstrate survival benefit of chemoimmunotherapy over chemotherapy alone in both the neoadjuvant and adjuvant settings. To date, there is no direct comparison between neoadjuvant and adjuvant protocols. We compared neoadjuvant vs adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for resectable stage II-IIIB NSCLC. METHODS: We queried the National Cancer Database for patients who had undergone an operation for stage II-IIIB NSCLC and who had received neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy between 2015 and 2020. We used inverse probability weighting to adjust for confounding variables and used Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox regression to explore the relationship between treatment groups and overall survival (OS) at 3 years postoperatively. RESULTS: The inverse probability-weighted cohort represented 2119 weighted patient cases (neoadjuvant, 1034; adjuvant, 1085). Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated a significant OS benefit for neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy compared with adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in the weighted cohort (3-year OS: 77% [95% CI, 71%-83%] vs 68% [95% CI, 64%-72%]; P = .035). On adjusted Cox regression, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy was associated with a significant OS benefit (hazard ratio, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.50-0.96; P = .027). Among patients for whom pathologic stage data were available, 25% of patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy had a pathologic complete response, with an additional 32.5% being downstaged. CONCLUSIONS: Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy confers a significant OS benefit over adjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for patients with resectable stage II-IIIB NSCLC. Although randomized trials are needed to confirm our findings, strong consideration should be given to administering neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy to patients who are predetermined to receive systemic treatment.
Neoadjuvant therapy with immune checkpoint inhibitors in operable nonsmall cell lung cancer.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: In localized nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) systemic recurrences after surgery are common. Therefore, adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy is used. With the advent of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in metastatic disease the question is whether ICIs can further improve the outcome. RECENT FINDINGS: In several phase I/II trials, major pathological response (MPR) rates with several ICIs between 7% and 50% were seen. No major additional side effects occurred. In combination with chemotherapy CheckMate-816 randomized additional neoadjuvant nivolumab and achieved a high pathological complete response (pCR) rate and a better event-free survival (EFS) - without negatively influencing surgery. More randomized trials are performed with neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy and adjuvant treatment after surgery. In Keynote-671, pembrolizumab is used pre and postoperatively with a significantly higher EFS rate at 2 years (62.4% vs. 40.6%). Similar preliminary results are reported in the AEGEAN (durvalumab) and Neotorch (toripalimab) trials. Higher tumour stage and MPR, partly programmed cell death 1 ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression, tumour mutational burden (TMB) and circulating tumour DNA (ctDNA) are correlated with efficacy. SUMMARY: Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy improves MPR and EFS rates, especially in more advanced tumours and tumours expressing PD-L1 - without relevantly increasing toxicities. But further and longer evaluation is needed.
Pembrolizumab in lung cancer: current evidence and future perspectives.; Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1 capable of enhancing antitumor immune activity. The KEYNOTE-001 study showed that pembrolizumab has activity in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients and identified programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) as a companion test to select patients most likely to benefit from pembrolizumab. Five randomized clinical trials showed the efficacy of pembrolizumab in non-small-cell lung cancer: in second-line setting PD-L1 ≥1% (KEYNOTE-010), in first-line setting PD-L1 ≥50% (KEYNOTE-024 and KEYNOTE-042) and in first-line setting in combination with platinum doublets, any expression of PD-L1 (KEYNOTE-189 and KEYNOTE-407). Future challenges are the identification of the role of pembrolizumab in adjuvant, neoadjuvant, locally advanced disease or oncogene-addicted patients, in combination with radiotherapy or other biological agents.
The safety of atezolizumab plus chemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic lung cancer.; INTRODUCTION: Atezolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-L1 capable of enhancing antitumor immune activity, with a demonstrated activity as single agent in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). AREAS COVERED: This review summarizes the clinical data emerging from randomized clinical studies with atezolizumab in NSCLC and small-cell lung cancer (SCLC), focusing in particular on the efficacy and safety data regarding the combinations of atezolizumab plus chemotherapy in the IMpower studies. EXPERT OPINION: A significant improvement in progression-free survival and in overall survival was observed in IMpower 130 and 150 (NSCLC non-squamous) and 133 (SCLC), with an acceptable safety profile. In particular, the most common immune-related adverse events were rash (18-28% of patients), hypothyroidism (8-15%), hepatitis (5-17%), pneumonitis (2-7%), and colitis (1.5-2.3%). The safety profile of atezolizumab in combination with chemotherapy was consistent with the known adverse events related to single-agent atezolizumab and no new adverse events were observed. Ongoing studies will evaluate the role of atezolizumab in other settings (adjuvant and neoadjuvant) and in combination with chemotherapy and radiotherapy for patients with locally advanced NSCLC and the role of predictive factors (B-FAST study).
Moving Immunotherapy Into the Treatment of Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.; Clinical investigation of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) has expanded from indications in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) to add to the treatment of early-stage or resectable NSCLC. Although completed randomized trials supported the approvals of some ICIs as perioperative therapies (ie, adjuvant, neoadjuvant, or neoadjuvant followed by adjuvant), ongoing trials are evaluating other anti-PD-(L)1 antibodies for similar indications, or in combination with stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT). The incorporation of immunotherapy brings potential to improve outcomes of patients with resectable NSCLC, but these advances have also increased the complexity of the treatment landscape and created important knowledge gaps. This article reviews the current standards for local therapies in NSCLC, describes the clinical trials exploring the combination of ICIs to SBRT, and explains the recent approvals of ICIs as perioperative therapies. A discussion follows to highlight three important areas of uncertainty: (1) the contribution of ICIs given in each treatment phase (neoadjuvant and adjuvant) to the overall effect of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy followed by adjuvant ICIs; (2) the selection of regimens to serve as comparators in future randomized trials of perioperative therapies; and (3) the role of pathologic complete response as an intermediate end point and aid for selection of patients for adjuvant therapy. Moving forward, stakeholders will need to engage in concerted research efforts to address the relevant clinical questions regarding the optimal management of resectable NSCLC.
[Perioperative treatment for resected non-small cell lung cancer: Which option in 2020?].; Surgery is the ultimate curative treatment for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the prognosis for operated patients remains disappointing. Multiple randomized studies have shown that administering perioperative chemotherapy improves the prognosis and increases the cure rate by around 3-5%. The purpose of this article is to take stock of the role of perioperative treatments for NSCLC, which can be completely resected. Six questions were evaluated: 1) What is the place of (neo) adjuvant chemotherapy in 2020, among others in the early stages (IB)? 2) Can new chemotherapy agents be combined with a platinum derivative? 3) What is the place of radiochemotherapy for resectable NSCLC? 4) Is there a place for postoperative radiotherapy (PORT)? 5) Is there a place for targeted therapies for resectable NSCLC? 6) What is the place of immunotherapies in the perioperative period?
[Adjuvant and inductive systemic treatment in non-small cell lung cancer].; A large number of randomized trials have demonstrated an undoubted advantage of adjuvant chemotherapy in comparison to surgery alone. This is true for all lymph node positive cases of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with a tumor size of 4 cm or more. Worldwide, the application of adjuvant chemotherapy for these indications is regarded as standard treatment. Due to the positive results of adjuvant chemotherapy, nearly all studies focusing on neoadjuvant chemotherapy were stopped early because control arms with surgery alone were no longer regarded as ethically justified; however, in meta-analyses the effect of neoadjuvant chemotherapy seems be as strong as the effect of adjuvant chemotherapy. In clinical practice neoadjuvant chemotherapy is not routinely established in early stage disease. This approach is more often applied in advanced stages, such as N2 lymph node involvement or in patients where the tumor most probably requires pneumectomy for resection. In the last decade the options for systemic treatment of NSCLC have dramatically changed. In addition to chemotherapy, targeted treatment of patients with molecularly altered tumors and immunotherapy have been used very successfully in advanced stages. The options might also have a high impact on survival in early stages and the integration of these treatment modalities in the management of early stage disease is warranted. This article summarizes the established and new options in additive systemic treatment and presents the current state of treatment.
Immunotherapy in non-metastatic non-small cell lung cancer: Can the benefits of stage IV therapy be translated into earlier stages?; Over the last decade, several steps forward in the treatment of patients with stage IV non-small cell lung cancer (NCSLC) were made. Examples are the use of pemetrexed, pemetrexed maintenance therapy, or bevacizumab for patients with nonsquamous NSCLC. A big leap forward was the use of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients selected on the basis of an activating oncogene, such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activating mutations or anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) translocations. However, all of these achievements could not be translated into survival benefits when studied in randomized controlled trials in patients with nonmetastatic NSCLC. Aside from chemotherapy and targeted therapy, immunotherapy has become the third pillar in the treatment armamentarium of advanced NSCLC. Antigen-specific immunotherapy (cancer vaccination) has been disappointing in large phase III clinical trials in stages I-III NSCLC. Based on the recent breakthroughs with immune checkpoint inhibitor immunotherapy in metastatic NSCLC, much hope currently rests on the use of this approach in patients with stage I-III NSCLC as well. Here we give a brief overview of how most new therapeutic approaches for advanced NSCLC failed in other stages, and then elaborate on the role of immunotherapy in patients with stage I-III NSCLC.
The prognostic value of TMB in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Tumor mutation burden (TMB) has been validated as a predictive biomarker for immunotherapy response and survival in numerous cancer types. Limited data is available on the inherent prognostic role of TMB in early-stage tumors. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the prognostic role of TMB in early-stage, resected non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis of pertinent prospective and retrospective studies. DATA SOURCES AND METHODS: Publication search was performed in PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases. Based on the level of heterogeneity, a random- or fixed-effects model was used to calculate pooled effects of hazard ratio (HR) for overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS). The source of heterogeneity was investigated using sensitivity analysis, subgroup analysis, and publication bias assessment. RESULTS: Ten studies comprising 2520 patients were included in this analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in OS (HR, 1.18, 95% CI, 0.70, 1.33; p 0.53, I(2) = 80%; p(het) < 0.0001) and DFS (HR, 1.18, 95% CI, 0.91, 1.52; p = 0.53, I(2) = 75%; p(het) = 0.0001) between the high-TMB and low-TMB group. Subgroup analyses indicated that East Asian ethnicity, and TMB detected using whole exome sequencing, and studies with <100 patients had poor DFS in the high-TMB group. CONCLUSION: The inherent prognostic role of TMB is limited in early-stage NSCLC. Ethnic differences in mutation burden must be considered while designing future trials on neoadjuvant immunotherapy. Further research in the harmonization and standardization of panel-based TMB is essential for its widespread clinical utility.Registration: CRD42023392846.
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and Avelumab in early stage resectable nonsmall cell lung cancer.; Multiple randomized studies have shown that combination of chemotherapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) leads to better response rates and survival as compared to chemotherapy alone in the advanced stage of NSCLC. Data suggesting a benefit to using ICIs in the neoadjuvant therapy of patients with early stage NSCLC are emerging. Eligible subjects were treatment naïve patients with stage IB, II, and resectable IIIA NSCLC. Patients received three cycles of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with four doses of avelumab every 2 weeks. Patients with squamous cell cancer received cisplatin or carboplatin on day 1 and gemcitabine on days 1 and 8 of each cycle of chemotherapy. Patients with nonsquamous histology received cisplatin or carboplatin with pemetrexed on day 1 of each cycle. Patients then proceeded to their planned surgery. Out of 15 patients accrued as part of stage 1 of the study, four had a radiologic response (1 complete response), lower than the minimum of six responses needed to continue to phase 2 of the study. The study was therefore terminated. Majority had adenocarcinoma histology and stage IIIA disease. The treatment was well tolerated with no unexpected side effects. Four patients (26.7%) had grade III/IV CTCAE toxicity. This study confirms that the preoperative administration of chemotherapy and avelumab is safe. There was no indication of increased surgical complications. The benefit of adding immunotherapy to chemotherapy did not appear to enhance the overall response rate of patients in the neoadjuvant setting in patients with resectable NSCLC because this study failed to meet its primary endpoint.
Efficacy of neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a real-world, multicenter, retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: Resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients have a high risk of recurrence. Multiple randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have shown that neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy brings new hope for these patients. The study aims to evaluate the safety, surgery-related outcomes and oncological outcomes for neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in real-world setting with a large sample size and long-term follow-up. METHODS: Patients with clinical stage IB-IIIB NSCLC who received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy at two Chinese institutions were included in this retrospective cohort study. Surgical and oncological outcomes of the enrolled NSCLC patients were collected and analyzed. RESULTS: There were 158 patients identified, of which 124 (78.5%) were at stage IIIA-IIIB and the remaining 34 (21.5%) were at stage IB-IIB. Forty-one patients (25.9%) received two cycles of neoadjuvant treatment, 80 (50.6%) had three cycles, and 37 (23.4%) had four cycles. Twenty-four patients (15.2%) experienced grade 3 or worse immune-related adverse events. The median interval time between the last neoadjuvant therapy and surgery was 37 [interquartile range (IQR), 31-43] days. Fifty-eight out of 96 (60.4%) central NSCLC patients who were expected to undergo complex surgery had the scope or the difficulty of operation reduced. Ninety-five (60.1%) patients achieved major pathologic response (MPR), including 62 (39.2%) patients with pathologic complete response (pCR). Multivariate regression analysis showed that no clinical factor other than programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression was predictive of the pathological response. The median follow-up time from diagnosis was 27.1 months. MPR and pCR were significantly associated with improved progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Neither stage nor PD-L1 expression was significantly associated with long-term survival. CONCLUSIONS: The neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy is a feasible strategy for NSCLC with a favorable rate of pCR/MPR, modified resection and 2-year survival. No clinical factor other than PD-L1 expression was predictive of the pathological response. pCR/MPR may be effective surrogate endpoint for survival in NSCLC patients who received neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy.
Does major pathological response after neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in resectable nonsmall-cell lung cancers predict prognosis? A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Overall survival is the gold-standard outcome measure for phase 3 trials, but the need for a long follow-up period can delay the translation of potentially effective treatment to clinical practice. The validity of major pathological response (MPR) as a surrogate of survival for non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after neoadjuvant immunotherapy remains unclear. METHODS: Eligibility was resectable stage I-III NSCLC and delivery of PD-1/PD-L1/CTLA-4 inhibitors prior to resection; other forms/modalities of neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant therapies were allowed. Statistics utilized the Mantel-Haenszel fixed-effect or random-effect model depending on the heterogeneity ( I2 ). RESULTS: Fifty-three trials (seven randomized, 29 prospective nonrandomized, 17 retrospective) were identified. The pooled rate of MPR was 53.8%. Compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy, neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy achieved higher MPR (OR 6.19, 4.39-8.74, P <0.00001). MPR was associated with improved disease-free survival/progression-free survival/event-free survival (HR 0.28, 0.10-0.79, P =0.02) and overall survival (HR 0.80, 0.72-0.88, P <0.0001). Patients with stage III (vs I/II) and PD-L1 ≥1% (vs <1%) more likely achieved MPR (OR 1.66,1.02-2.70, P =0.04; OR 2.21,1.28-3.82, P =0.004). CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this meta-analysis suggest that neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy achieved higher MPR in NSCLC patients, and increased MPR might be associated with survival benefits treated with neoadjuvant immunotherapy. It appears that the MPR may serve as a surrogate endpoint of survival to evaluate neoadjuvant immunotherapy.
Integration of New Systemic Adjuvant Therapies for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer: Role of the Surgeon.; BACKGROUND: This review describes a new therapeutic landscape in the adjuvant treatment of resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and discusses the role of the surgeon in ensuring the best outcomes within this treatment paradigm. METHODS: We conducted a narrative literature review using the search terms "non-small cell lung cancer" and "adjuvant" to identify randomized Phase III trials of systemic adjuvant therapy for NSCLC through March 17, 2022. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov to identify ongoing trials of adjuvant immunotherapies and targeted therapies for NSCLC. RESULTS: Three recent randomized Phase III trials reported significant improvements in disease-free survival with adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors or targeted therapy in patients with resectable NSCLC: IMpower010 (atezolizumab vs best supportive care; NCT02486718), KEYNOTE-091 (PEARLS) (pembrolizumab vs placebo; NCT02504372), and ADAURA (osimertinib vs placebo; NCT02511106). Numerous other Phase III trials evaluating adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies are currently underway, many of which demonstrate an evolution of trial design and end points for adjuvant therapy trials. This rapidly changing treatment landscape requires a shift in the role of the surgeon to facilitate appropriate biomarker screening for planning of the perioperative period and molecular testing of the surgical specimen to guide adjuvant therapy. CONCLUSIONS: After decades of stagnation in the management of NSCLC, recent results with immune checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies are ushering in a new era of precision medicine in the adjuvant treatment of early-stage NSCLC. Surgeons have an important role in facilitating multidisciplinary care in this rapidly evolving landscape.
PD-1/PD-L1 Inhibitors plus Chemotherapy Versus Chemotherapy Alone for Resectable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Background: The benefit of adding programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1)/programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitors to the treatment of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), both neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) and adjuvant therapy (AT), is not yet fully elucidated. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases for randomized controlled trials (RCT) that investigated PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy for resectable stage NSCLC. We computed hazard ratios (HRs) or odds ratios (ORs) for binary endpoints, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: A total of seven RCTs comprising 3915 patients with resectable stage NSCLC were randomized to chemotherapy with or without PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors as NAT or AT. As NAT, the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy group demonstrated significantly improved overall survival (HR 0.66; 95% CI 0.51-0.86) and event-free survival (HR 0.53; 95% CI 0.43-0.67) compared with the chemotherapy alone group. There was a significant increase in favor of the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy group for major pathological response (OR 6.40; 95% CI 3.86-10.61) and pathological complete response (OR 8.82; 95% CI 4.51-17.26). Meanwhile, as AT, disease-free survival was significant in favor of the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors plus chemotherapy group (HR 0.78; 95% CI 0.69-0.90). Conclusions: In this comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs, the incorporation of PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors alongside chemotherapy offers a promising prospect for reshaping the established treatment paradigms for patients diagnosed with resectable stages of NSCLC. Moreover, our analyses support that neoadjuvant administration with these agents should be encouraged, in light of the fact that it was associated with an increased survival and pathological response, at the expense of a manageable safety profile.
Perioperative immunotherapy for stage II-III non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis base on randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: In recent years, we have observed the pivotal role of immunotherapy in improving survival for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the effectiveness of immunotherapy in the perioperative (neoadjuvant + adjuvant) treatment of resectable NSCLC remains uncertain. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of its antitumor efficacy and adverse effects (AEs) by pooling data from the KEYNOTE-671, NADIM II, and AEGEAN clinical trials. METHODS: For eligible studies, we searched seven databases. The randomized controlled trials (RCTs) pertaining to the comparative analysis of combination neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus perioperative immunotherapy (PIO) versus perioperative placebo (PP) were included. Primary endpoints were overall survival (OS) and event-free survival (EFS). Secondary endpoints encompassed drug responses, AEs, and surgical outcomes. RESULTS: Three RCTs (KEYNOTE-671, NADIM II, and AEGEAN) were included in the final analysis. PIO group (neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus perioperative immunotherapy) exhibited superior efficacy in OS (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.63 [0.49-0.81]), EFS (HR: 0.61 [0.52, 0.72]), objective response rate (risk ratio [RR]: 2.21 [1.91, 2.54]), pathological complete response (RR: 4.36 [3.04, 6.25]), major pathological response (RR: 2.79 [2.25, 3.46]), R0 resection rate (RR: 1.13 [1.00, 1.26]) and rate of adjuvant treatment (RR: 1.08 [1.01, 1.15]) compared with PP group (neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy plus perioperative placebo). In the subgroup analysis, EFS tended to favor the PIO group in almost all subgroups. BMI (>25), T stage (IV), N stage (N1-N2) and pathological response (with pathological complete response) were favorable factors in the PIO group. In the safety assessment, the PIO group exhibited higher rates of serious AEs (28.96% vs. 23.51%) and AEs leading to treatment discontinuation (12.84% vs. 5.81%). Meanwhile, although total adverse events, grade 3-5 adverse events, and fatal adverse events tended to favor the PP group, the differences were not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: PIO appears to be superior to PP for resectable stage II-III NSCLC, demonstrating enhanced survival and pathological responses. However, its elevated adverse event (AE) rate warrants careful consideration. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/#recordDetails, identifier CRD42023487475.
Neoadjuvant immunotherapy versus chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: A protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Worldwide, lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer morbidity and mortality. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for approximately 80 to 85% of all lung cancers. Recently, a few studies have reported the use of neoadjuvant immunotherapy or chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. However, no meta-analysis comparing neoadjuvant immunotherapy with chemoimmunotherapy has yet been reported. We perform a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC. METHODS: The statement of preferred reporting items for systematic review and meta-analysis protocols will be used as guidelines for reporting the present review protocol. Original clinical randomized controlled trials assessing the beneficial effects and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy and chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC will be included. Databases searched include China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Scientific Journals Database, Wanfang Database, China Biological Medicine Database, PubMed, EMBASE Database, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. Cochrane Collaboration's tool is used to assess the risk of bias in included randomized controlled trials. All calculations are carried out with Stata 11.0 (The Cochrane Collaboration, Oxford, UK). RESULTS: The results of this systematic review and meta-analysis will be publicly available and published in a peer-reviewed journal. CONCLUSION: This evidence will be useful to practitioners, patients, and health policy-makers regarding the use of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC.
Surgical outcomes after chemotherapy plus nivolumab and chemotherapy plus nivolumab and ipilimumab in patients with non-small cell lung cancer.; OBJECTIVE: Chemotherapy plus nivolumab is the standard of care neoadjuvant treatment for patients with resectable stage IB to IIIA non-small cell lung cancer. The influence of dual checkpoint blockade with chemotherapy on surgical outcomes remains unknown. We aimed to determine operative complexity and perioperative outcomes associated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and nivolumab with or without ipilimumab. METHODS: A total of 44 patients with stage IB (≥4 cm) to IIIA non-small cell lung cancer were treated on sequential platform arms of the NEOSTAR trial. A total of 22 patients were treated with nivolumab + chemotherapy, and 22 patients were treated with ipilimumab + nivolumab + chemotherapy. The safety of surgical resection after neoadjuvant therapy was estimated using 30-day complication rates. Operative reports and surgeons' narratives were evaluated to determine procedural complexity and operative conduct. RESULTS: All 22 of 22 patients (100%) treated with nivolumab + chemotherapy underwent surgical resection: 20 R0 (90.9%), 17 (77.3%) lobectomies, 1 wedge resection, 2 segmentectomies, and 2 pneumonectomies. The majority, 21 of 22 (95%), were performed by thoracotomy. A total of 13 of 22 (59.1%) were rated as challenging resections. A total of 4 of 22 patients (18.2%) experienced grade 3 or greater Clavien-Dindo complication. A total of 20 of 22 patients (90.9%) treated with ipilimumab + nivolumab + chemotherapy underwent surgical resection: 19 R0 (95%), 18 (90%) lobectomies, 1 pneumonectomy, and 1 segmentectomy. A total of 16 of 20 (80%) resections were performed via thoracotomy, 3 of 20 (15%) via robotics, and 1 of 20 (5%) via thoracoscopy. A total of 9 of 20 (45%) resections were considered challenging. A total of 4 of 20 patients (20%) experienced grade 3 or greater Clavien-Dindo complication. CONCLUSIONS: Surgical resections are feasible and safe, with high rates of R0 after neoadjuvant chemotherapy and nivolumab with or without ipilimumab. Overall, approximately half of cases (22/42, 52.3%) were considered to be more challenging than a standard lobectomy.
Impact of Neoadjuvant Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors on Surgery and Perioperative Complications in Patients With Non-small-cell Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review.; Several clinical trials are currently underway to evaluate immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) as neoadjuvant treatment for patients with early-stage non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and their use in clinical practice is expected to increase in the future. Therefore, a proper assessment of surgical outcomes and perioperative complications after neoadjuvant ICIs is essential to establish recommendations and guidelines. We performed a systematic literature review in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis guidelines (PRISMA), searching the PubMed and Scopus databases from the January 1, 2017, to the July 27, 2023, to identify potentially relevant published trials of neoadjuvant ICIs in patients with reseactable NSCLC with available information on surgical outcomes and perioperative complications. A total of 18 studies were included in the review. The rates of surgery cancellation ranged from 0% to 45.8%. Importantly, adverse events (AEs) were the least reported underlying cause, while disease progression caused from 0% to 75% of cancellations. Surgery delays ranged from 0% to 31.3% with AEs as the most frequently reported underlying cause. However, 6 out of 13 trials (46.2%) reported no surgery delays. Conversion rates from minimally invasive to open chest surgery were available for 7 trials and ranged from 0% to 53.8%. Thirty-day mortality rates ranged from 0% to 5.4%, with 11 out of 16 trials reporting 0%. A few reports described perioperative complications in detail. Considering the limited evidence available, we can preliminarily confirm that preoperative ICIs are safe and well tolerated even from the surgical perspective. Additional details on intraoperative findings from prospective controlled trials are needed to establish and disseminate guidelines and recommendations for thoracic surgeons.
A Systematic Review of Short-Term Outcomes of Minimally Invasive Thoracoscopic Surgery for Lung Cancer after Neoadjuvant Systemic Therapy.; BACKGROUND: Minimally invasive surgeries for non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) such as video-assisted thoracoscopic surgeries (VATSs) and robotic-assisted thoracoscopic surgeries (RATSs) have become standard of care for patients needing surgical resection in early stages. The role for neoadjuvant systemic therapy has increased with patients receiving neoadjuvant systemic chemotherapy and immunotherapy. However, there has been some equipoise over the intraoperative and overall outcomes for these patients. Here, we review the current data regarding outcomes of patients undergoing minimally invasive thoracic surgical resection after systemic chemotherapy, immunotherapy, or both. METHODS: A systematic literature review of randomized controlled trials and observational studies presenting data on patients with NSCLC that underwent neoadjuvant systemic therapy followed by minimally invasive surgery was performed assessing complications, conversion rates, and lymph node yield. RESULTS: Our search strategy and review of references resulted in 239 publications to screen with 88 full texts assessed and 21 studies included in our final review. VATS had a statistically significant higher lymph node yield in five studies. The reported conversion rates ranged from 0 to 54%. Dense adhesions, bleeding, and difficult anatomy were the most common reported reasons for conversion to open surgeries. The most common complications between both groups were prolonged air leak, arrythmia, and pneumonia. VATS was found to have significantly fewer complications in three papers. CONCLUSIONS: The current literature supports VATS as safe and feasible for patients with NSCLC after neoadjuvant systemic treatment. Surgeons should remain prepared to convert to open surgeries in those patients with dense adhesions and bleeding risk.
MDT-BRIDGE: Neoadjuvant Durvalumab Plus Chemotherapy Followed by Either Surgery and Adjuvant Durvalumab or Chemoradiotherapy and Consolidation Durvalumab in Resectable or Borderline-resectable Stage IIB-IIIB NSCLC.; INTRODUCTION: In the AEGEAN trial, neoadjuvant durvalumab plus platinum-based chemotherapy (D+CT) followed by adjuvant durvalumab, versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone, significantly improved pathological complete response (pCR) rate and event-free survival (EFS) in patients with resectable NSCLC. In the PACIFIC trial, consolidation durvalumab significantly improved progression-free (PFS) and overall survival (OS) for patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC after chemoradiotherapy. Strong pathological and clinical outcomes with chemoimmunotherapy have generated interest in its use to enable patients with borderline-resectable NSCLC to undergo surgery. Additionally, for patients initially deemed resectable but who later become unresectable/inoperable during neoadjuvant treatment, consolidation immunotherapy after chemoradiotherapy should be explored. PATIENTS AND METHODS: MDT-BRIDGE (NCT05925530) is a multicenter, phase II, non-randomized study in ∼140 patients with EGFR/ALK wild-type, stage IIB-IIIB (N2) NSCLC. Following baseline multidisciplinary team (MDT) assessment to determine resectable/borderline-resectable status, all patients receive 2 cycles of neoadjuvant D+CT every 3 weeks, followed by MDT reassessment of resectability. Patients deemed resectable receive 1-2 additional cycles of D+CT followed by surgery (Cohort 1). Patients deemed unresectable receive standard-of-care chemoradiotherapy (Cohort 2). Cohort 1 patients who become ineligible for surgery can enter Cohort 2. Following surgery or chemoradiotherapy, patients receive adjuvant or consolidation durvalumab for 1 year. The primary endpoint is resection rate in all patients. Additional endpoints include resection rates by baseline resectable/borderline-resectable status, resection outcomes, EFS/PFS, OS, pCR rate, circulating tumor DNA dynamics pre- and post-surgery (including correlation with clinical outcomes), and safety. CONCLUSION: Enrollment began in February 2024; primary completion is anticipated in April 2026.
Atezolizumab for the First-Line Treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC): Current Status and Future Prospects.; Purpose: Atezolizumab is a programmed death ligand 1 (PDL-1) blocking antibody that was approved for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in patients with disease progression. Various studies have been initiated to explore the effectiveness of atezolizumab among different patient cohorts and disease statuses, including as first-line therapy. The purpose of this paper is to identify and summarize the trials that use atezolizumab as a first-line agent in chemotherapy-naïve patients with NSCLC. Methods: A database search was performed on Pubmed, Embase, and Wiley Cochrane Library-Central Register of Controlled Trials to identify clinical trials using atezolizumab as first-line therapy in NSCLC. Additionally, ClinicalTrials.gov and the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) were searched to identify relevant clinical trials. Conference abstracts from the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the European Society for Medical Oncology, and the American Association for Cancer Research were hand-searched. Any trial in which atezolizumab was used as first-line therapy in chemotherapy-naive patients with NSCLC was included. Results: Fifteen studies were ultimately included, all of which are current and ongoing. Of the 15 studies, 5 have reported results. When given in the first-line setting, atezolizumab had higher rates of objective response, progression-free survival, and overall survival, compared to the second and third-line settings. Among the 15 studies, atezolizumab is used as monotherapy (n = 5), in combination with chemotherapy (n = 6), in combination with targeted therapy such as bevacizumab (n = 1), as neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy (n = 3), in combination with stereotactic body radiation therapy (n = 1), and in combination with or following chemoradiation (n = 1). Conclusion: Available evidence shows promising safety and efficacy with the use of atezolizumab as first-line therapy in NSCLC. Atezolizumab is currently being studied in a variety of treatment settings. If clinical benefits are shown, atezolizumab may deem to be a useful first-line agent in NSCLC.
Update on the Management of Stage III NSCLC: Navigating a Complex and Heterogeneous Stage of Disease.; BACKGROUND: Stage III nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) represents a heterogeneous group of patients. Many patients are treated with curative intent multimodality therapy, either surgical resection plus systemic therapy or chemoradiation plus immunotherapy. However, many patients are not suitable for curative intent therapy and are treated with palliative systemic therapy or best supportive care. METHODS: This paper is a review of recent advances in the management of patients with curative intent disease. RESULTS: There have been significant advances in curative intent therapy for patients with stage III NSCLC in recent years. These include both adjuvant and neoadjuvant systemic therapies. For patients with resectable NSCLC, two trials have demonstrated that adjuvant atezolizumab or pembrolizumab, following chemotherapy, significantly improved disease-free survival (DFS). In patients with tumours harbouring a common mutation of the EGFR gene, adjuvant osimertinib therapy was associated with a large improvement in both DFS and overall survival (OS). Five randomized trials have evaluated chemotherapy plus nivolumab, pembrolizumab, durvalumab, or toripalimab, either as neoadjuvant or perioperative (neoadjuvant plus adjuvant) therapy. All five trials show significant improvements in the rate of pathologic complete response (pCR) and event-free survival (EFS). OS data are currently immature. This would now be considered the standard of care for resectable stage III NSCLC. The addition of durvalumab to chemoradiation has also become the standard of care in unresectable stage III NSCLC. One year of consolidation durvalumab following concurrent chemoradiation has demonstrated significant improvements in both progression-free and overall survival. CONCLUSIONS: Immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) therapy has become a standard recommendation in curative intent therapy for stage III NSCLC.
Targeted therapy moves to earlier stages of non-small-cell lung cancer: emerging evidence, controversies and future challenges.; Lung cancer continues to be the leading cause of cancer mortality and a serious health problem despite the numerous advances made in the last decade and the rapid advance of research in this field. In recent years, there has been a decrease in mortality from lung cancer coinciding with the approval times of targeted therapy. To date, targeted therapy has been used in the context of advanced disease in clinical practice, with great benefits in survival and quality of life. The next step will be to incorporate targeted therapy into the treatment of earlier stages of non-small-cell lung cancer, and there is already a randomized trial showing a disease-free survival benefit. However, there are many questions that need to be resolved first. In the present review, the authors discuss the findings of published reports and ongoing clinical trials assessing the role of targeted therapies in nonmetastatic disease.
US Food and Drug Administration Approval Summary: Nivolumab Plus Platinum-Doublet Chemotherapy for the Neoadjuvant Treatment of Patients With Resectable Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.; PURPOSE: On March 4, 2022, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved nivolumab plus platinum-doublet chemotherapy for the neoadjuvant treatment of patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We discuss the FDA's review of the key data and regulatory considerations supporting this approval. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The approval was based on the results of CheckMate 816, an international, multiregional, active-controlled trial that randomly assigned 358 patients with resectable NSCLC, stage IB (≥4 cm) to IIIA (N2) per the American Joint Committee on Cancer seventh staging edition to receive either nivolumab plus platinum-doublet or platinum-doublet chemotherapy alone for three cycles before planned surgical resection. The major efficacy end point that supported this approval was event-free survival (EFS). RESULTS: At the first planned interim analysis (IA), the hazard ratio (HR) for EFS was 0.63 (95% CI, 0.45 to 0.87; P = .0052; statistical significance boundary = .0262) favoring the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm; the median EFS was 31.6 months (95% CI, 30.2 to not reached) in the nivolumab plus chemotherapy arm versus 20.8 months (95% CI, 14.0 to 26.7) in the chemotherapy-only arm. At the time of a prespecified IA for overall survival (OS), 26% of patients had died, and the HR for OS was 0.57 (95% CI, 0.38 to 0.87; P = .0079; statistical significance boundary = .0033). Eighty-three percent of patients in the nivolumab-containing arm versus 75% in the chemotherapy-only arm received definitive surgery. CONCLUSION: This approval, the first for any regimen for the neoadjuvant treatment of NSCLC in the United States, was supported by a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in EFS with no evidence of detriment in OS or negative impact on patients' receipt and timing of surgery or surgical outcomes.
NeoSCORE II: three vs four cycles of neoadjuvant sintilimab + chemotherapy for squamous non-small-cell lung cancer.; Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) plus chemotherapy has demonstrated efficacy in resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), yet the optimal period of neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy is undetermined. In a phase II study (neoSCORE, NCT04459611), more neoadjuvant therapy cycles appeared to provide greater pathological remission, and patients with squamous NSCLC had a better major pathological response rate than those with nonsquamous NSCLC. Sintilimab, a monoclonal anti-PD-1 antibody, has shown encouraging antitumor activity and safety in multiple cancers, including NSCLC. Here, we describe the study design of neoSCORE II (NCT05429463), a randomized, open-label, multicenter phase III trial comparing the efficacy and safety of three cycles with four cycles of neoadjuvant sintilimab plus platinum-based chemotherapy in resectable stage IIA-IIIB squamous NSCLC. Trial registration number: NCT05429463 (ClinicalTrials.gov).
New systemic treatment paradigms in resectable non-small cell lung cancer and variations in patient access across Europe.; The treatment landscape of resectable early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is set to change significantly due to encouraging results from randomized trials evaluating neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapy, as well as adjuvant targeted therapy. As of January 2024, marketing authorization has been granted for four new indications in Europe, and regulatory approvals for other study regimens are expected. Because cost-effectiveness and reimbursement criteria for novel treatments often differ between European countries, access to emerging developments may lead to inequalities due to variations in recommended and available lung cancer care throughout Europe. This Series paper (i) highlights the clinical studies reshaping the treatment landscape in resectable early-stage NSCLC, (ii) compares and contrasts approaches taken by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for drug approval to that taken by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and (iii) evaluates the differences in access to emerging treatments from an availability perspective across European countries.
Atezolizumab Before and After Chemoradiation for Unresectable Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Phase II Nonrandomized Controlled Trial.; IMPORTANCE: Outcomes for patients with unresectable stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with chemoradiation therapy (CRT) have improved with adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors, with a reported 5-year overall survival benefit of approximately 10% for adjuvant durvalumab vs placebo after completion of CRT without progression and with preserved performance status. Starting atezolizumab prior to CRT may allow more patients to benefit from immunotherapy. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate clinical outcomes of patients treated with atezolizumab before and after CRT for unresectable stage III NSCLC. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This single-cohort, phase II, nonrandomized controlled trial was conducted at 11 US sites. Patients with pathologically confirmed, unresectable stage III NSCLC who were treatment naive and had good performance status were enrolled between January 3, 2018, and July 24, 2019. Data were locked on March 21, 2023. INTERVENTIONS: Patients received four 21-day cycles of atezolizumab, 1200 mg intravenously, with therapy administered on day 1 of each cycle. Patients not experiencing tumor progression continued to CRT (60 Gy to involved fields) concurrent with weekly carboplatin area under the curve of 2 and paclitaxel, 50 mg/m2, followed by planned consolidation carboplatin area under the curve of 6 and paclitaxel, 200 mg/m2, for two 21-day cycles. Patients not experiencing progression continued atezolizumab, 1200 mg, every 21 days to complete 1 year of therapy. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was the disease control rate at 12 weeks. Secondary end points were progression-free survival, overall survival, overall response rate, safety, and translational science end points. RESULTS: A total of 62 patients (median [range] age, 63.9 [38.1-86.5] years; 32 female [51.6%]) were enrolled and received at least 1 dose of atezolizumab. The disease control rate at 12 weeks was 74.2% (80% CI, 65.7%-81.4%). Median progression-free survival was 30.0 months (95% CI, 15.8 to not evaluable), and the median overall survival was not reached. The overall survival rate at 24 months was 73.7% (95% CI, 63.4%-85.7%), and the overall response rate was 66.2%. Seventeen patients (27.4%) experienced grade 3 or higher immune-related adverse events, including 1 with grade 5 pneumonitis and 1 with grade 4 Guillain-Barré syndrome. Thirty patients (48.4%) experienced grade 3 or higher treatment-related adverse events. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that neoadjuvant atezolizumab merits further study based on safety and encouraging outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03102242.
Feasibility of sleeve lobectomy after neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer.; Immunotherapy is one of the most effective treatments for patients with advanced lung cancer. In many advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cases, the tumor is centrally located. For such patients, sleeve lobectomy has been considered as a more effective therapeutic option compared with pneumonectomy, achieving better long-term survival and quality of life with no increase in morbidity or mortality. Until now, there have been no studies regarding the efficacy and safety of neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy prior to sleeve lobectomy for lung cancer. From January 2019 through October 2019, nine patients were diagnosed as NSCLC and evaluated to undergo sleeve lobectomy surgery (SLS). Of these patients, four received two cycles of pembrolizumab plus paclitaxel and cisplatin (PPC) followed by sleeve lobectomy, while five patients underwent SLS alone. The patients' clinical characteristics, perioperative parameters, and postoperative outcomes were analyzed. Multiplex fluorescent immunohistochemistry was performed to determine the number of macrophages, CD4+ and CD8 T cells, and Treg cells in the bronchial mucosa. Three of the four patients achieved a complete pathological response [0% viable tumor, pathologic complete response (pCR)]. All of the patients in the PPC group achieved major pathological response (≤10% viable tumor, MPR). No grade 3 or 4 treatment-related adverse events occurred in the PPC group, nor did any of the patients in the group experience treatment-related surgical delays. The mean surgical time and the number of lymph nodes dissected were the same in the two groups. The PPC group had a higher number of CD8 + T cells compared to the SLS group (P<0.01). No postoperative chylothorax, pneumonia, or other postoperative complications occurred in either group. The surgical difficulty and post-surgical complication rate of sleeve lobectomy with neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy were similar to those of SLS alone. Neo-adjuvant chemo-immunotherapy is effective and safe with sleeve lobectomy for NSCLC patients. Additional prospective multi-center randomized studies using larger patient cohorts are necessary to validate our findings.
Molecular Markers, Immune Therapy, and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer-State-of-the-Art Review for Surgeons.; Background: Lung cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. An increasing understanding of relevant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) biomarkers has led to the recent development of molecular-targeted therapies and immune checkpoint inhibitors that have revolutionized treatment for patients with advanced and metastatic disease. The purpose of this review is to provide surgeons with a state-of-the-art understanding of the current medical and surgical treatment trends and their implications in the future of management of NSCLC. Materials and Methods: A systematic search of PubMed was conducted to identify English language articles published between January 2010 and March 2024 focusing on molecular markers, tumor targeting, and immunotherapy in the diagnosis and treatment of NSCLC. Case series, observational studies, randomized trials, guidelines, narrative reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses were included. Results: There is now increasing data to suggest that molecular-targeted therapies and immune therapies have a role in the neoadjuvant setting. Advances in intraoperative imaging allow surgeons to perform increasingly parenchymal-sparing lung resections without compromising tumor margins. Liquid biopsies can noninvasively detect targetable mutations in cancer cells and DNA from a blood draw, potentially allowing for earlier diagnosis, personalized therapy, and long-term monitoring for disease recurrence. Conclusions: The management of NSCLC has advanced dramatically in recent years fueled by a growing understanding of the cancer biology of NSCLC. Advances in medical therapies, surgical techniques, and diagnostic and surveillance modalities continue to evolve but have already impacted current treatment strategies for NSCLC, which are encompassed in this review.
Comparison of the Efficacy and Safety of Perioperative Immunochemotherapeutic Strategies for Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer: a Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis.; AIMS: The aim of this network meta-analysis was to elucidate the efficacy and safety of various immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) used in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data from randomised controlled trials comparing perioperative ICI-chemotherapy and chemotherapy alone were acquired from the EMBASE, Web of Science, Cochrane Library databases, PubMed, and meeting abstracts from inception until August 2023. The endpoints for this analysis were pathological complete response, event-free survival and treatment-related adverse events of any grade or adverse events of grade 3 or higher. RESULTS: In total, six randomised controlled trials with 2538 NSCLC patients were selected for this network meta-analysis. Compared with other ICIs, toripalimab + chemotherapy demonstrated increased pathological complete response rates and prolonged event-free survival in NSCLC. In patients with negative/low PD-L1 expression or squamous cell pathology, toripalimab + chemotherapy was the most effective regimen. In contrast, nivolumab + chemotherapy was preferable for patients with high PD-L1 expression or non-squamous cell pathology. Among the analysed regimens, toripalimab + chemotherapy presented the highest risk of adverse events of any grade, whereas nivolumab + chemotherapy showed the highest risk of grade 3-4 adverse events. Conversely, durvalumab + chemotherapy exhibited the lowest risk of grade 3-4 adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: Among the evaluated perioperative immunochemotherapy regimens, toripalimab + chemotherapy indicated a significantly increased survival benefit for most resectable NSCLC patients. However, for high PD-L1 expression and non-squamous NSCLC patients, nivolumab + chemotherapy provided the most potent outcomes. Perioperative durvalumab + chemotherapy is a relatively safe treatment. The findings of this investigation are expected to assist clinicians in making informed decisions among promising treatment options.
Efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant immunotherapy plus chemotherapy followed by adjuvant immunotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis of phase 3 clinical trials.; OBJECTIVE: At present, several important trials have been published show that perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy can improve the prognosis of patients with resectable non-small cell lung cancer, which further optimizes treatment options. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy and safety of perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy in resectable non-small cell lung cancer. METHODS: The following databases were searched for relevant studies: PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane library (updated 12 October 2023). All randomized trials comparing perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone in resectable non-small cell lung cancer were eligible for inclusion. Data were analyzed using Review Manager 5.4.1 (Cochrane collaboration software). Primary outcomes and measures included overall survival (OS), event-free survival (EFS), pathological complete response (pCR), major pathological response (MPR), R0 resection rate, rate of underwent surgery and adverse events (AEs). RESULTS: A total of 2912 patients (1453 receiving perioperative immunotherapy plus chemotherapy and 1459 receiving chemotherapy alone) were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. The result showed that compared with chemotherapy alone, combined therapy significantly improved OS (HR = 0.68;95% CI: 0.56-0.83), EFS (HR = 0.58;95% CI: 0.51-0.65), pCR (OR = 7.53;95% CI: 4.63-12.26), MPR (OR = 5.03;95% CI: 3.40-7.44), R0 resection (OR = 1.58;95% CI: 1.152.18) and rate of underwent surgery (OR = 1.25;95% CI: 1.04-1.49). However, combination therapy was associated with higher risk of severe adverse event (OR = 1.46;95% CI: 1.19-1.78; P=0.0002), grade 3 and higher treatment-related adverse event (TRAE) (OR = 1.25;95% CI: 1.06-1.49; P=0.010), TRAE that led to interruption (OR = 1.90;95% CI: 1.34-2.68; P=0.0003) and immune-related adverse event (OR = 2.78;95% CI: 2.18-3.55; P<0.00001). Significant benefits were observed across most subgroups of EFS and pCR. However, no statistical differences were observed for EFS of never smoked (HR = 0.73;95% CI: 0.51-1.05) and EGFR-mutation positive (HR = 0.35;95% CI: 0.04-3.03). CONCLUSION: This systematic review and meta-analysis found superior efficacy associated with perioperative immunotherapy plus chemotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone in both tumor regression and prolonged survival in resectable NSCLC, but increased the risk of TRAE, so monitoring for adverse events is warranted. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero, identifier (CRD42023476786).
A systematic review and meta-analysis of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in stage III non-small cell lung cancer.; BACKGROUND: Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a heterogeneous disease with different subtypes, multidisciplinary teams-led management, and a poor prognosis. Currently, the clinical benefits of stage III NSCLC in the neoadjuvant setting are still unclear. We performed a meta-analysis of published data on neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in stage III NSCLC to systematically evaluate its efficacy and safety. METHODS: We searched the databases to identify eligible studies of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for stage III NSCLC. The primary outcomes mainly included pathological and radiological response outcomes, the feasibility of surgery, and the safety of the regimen. The pathological and radiological response included the rate of major pathologic response (MPR), complete pathologic response (pCR), radiological response outcomes, and R0 resection; The feasibility included the rate of surgical resection, conversion to thoracotomy, surgical complications, pathological downstaging of clinical disease stage. The safety included the incidence of treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) and severe adverse events (SAEs). R 4.1.3 software was conducted for data analysis, and p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Nine trials containing a total of 382 populations were eligible for the meta-analysis, with the pooled surgical resection rate of 90%. Owing to the large heterogeneity of the single-rate meta-analysis, the random effect model was adopted. The estimated pooled prevalence of MPR was 56% (95%CI 0.39-0.72) and of pCR was 39% (95%CI 0.28-0.51). The pooled rate of TRAEs was 65% (95%CI 0.17-0.99) and SAEs was 24% (95%CI 0.05-0.49). CONCLUSION: Compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy or immunotherapy, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy achieved more pathological and radiological relief, and has a high surgical resection rate and low risk of conversion to thoracotomy and surgical complications, with poor tolerance of toxicity but rarely developing life-threatening adverse events. In conclusion, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is suggested to be beneficial for stage III NSCLC.
Induction PD-1 inhibitor toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy and consolidation toripalimab for bulky locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: protocol for a randomized phase II trial (InTRist study).; BACKGROUND: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have revolutionized the treatment landscape for locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC), whereas responses to anti-programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) or anti-programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) are heterogeneous. Though consolidation ICI following concurrent chemoradiotherapy (cCRT) improves survival of NSCLC, this regimen is challenging for patients with bulky tumors due to excessive target volumes and radiation-resistant hypoxia during upfront cCRT, leading to higher risk of pneumonitis and inferior local-regional control. Recent trials have demonstrated neoadjuvant ICI brought greater benefit to stage III than stage I-II NSCLC. Our previous study also supported the therapeutic advantage of 2-cycle induction ICI for patients with bulky unresectable stage III NSCLC. In the context of induction immunotherapy, radiotherapy is more likely to exert immune synergistic effects, reverse anti-PD-1 resistance, and activate abscopal immune responses. Prospective trials to determine the efficacy and safety of induction ICI for bulky LA-NSCLC are necessary. METHODS: This randomized, open-label, two-arm phase II study aims to explore whether 2 cycles of induction anti-PD-1 toripalimab plus chemotherapy can improve progression-free survival (PFS) in bulky LA-NSCLC. Bulky tumors are defined as primary lesion ≥5 cm in greatest dimension or metastatic lymph nodes ≥2 cm in shortest diameter. A total of 50 patients with bulky unresectable stage III NSCLC will be recruited and 1:1 randomized into the experimental arm: 2-cycle induction PD-1 inhibitor toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by cCRT and consolidation toripalimab; or control arm: 2-cycle induction chemotherapy followed by cCRT and consolidation toripalimab. Patients are stratified by pathology (squamous versus non-squamous). The primary endpoint is PFS. Secondary endpoints are overall survival, overall response rate, disease control rate, duration of response, and incidence of adverse events. Exploratory analyses include PD-L1 expression and liquid biopsy-based biomarker testing, tumor microenvironment profiling at single-cell levels, and quality-of-life assessments. DISCUSSION: The InTRist study is the first randomized phase II trial to investigate the feasibility of induction anti-PD-1 toripalimab plus chemotherapy followed by cCRT and consolidation toripalimab in bulky LA-NSCLC, providing novel evidence for the synergistic strategy combining anti-PD-1 blockade with radiotherapy to prolong immunotherapy benefits, overcome resistance, and enhance abscopal immune response. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT05888402.
Pathologic response and safety to neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy in resectable squamous non-small-cell Lung cancer.; BACKGROUND: Several randomized studies have shown that the combination of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitor and chemotherapy is efficacious as a treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, in the neoadjuvant setting, there is scarce evidence of the effectiveness and safety of the combinations in squamous NSCLC. We conducted a retrospective study to evaluate neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitor plus chemotherapy in resectable squamous NSCLC. METHODS: Patients from Beijing Chest Hospital, Capital Medical University, between October 2019 and October 2021, treated with PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy for resectable squamous NSCLC were retrospectively studied. The primary objectives were to assess the pathological tumor response and safety of neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy. RESULTS: 63 patients with resectable squamous NSCLC stage IIA-IIIB were included. Two to four cycles of PD-1 inhibitors (37 cases with camrelizumab, 11 cases with toripalimab, 8 cases with tislelizumab, and 7 cases with sintilimab) and chemotherapy were administered prior to surgery. 42 patients (66.7%) achieved a major pathologic response (MPR), including 25 (39.7%) with a pathologic complete response (pCR). Twenty-one patients (33.3%) experienced grade 3 neoadjuvant treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs), and no patient had grade 4 or 5 TRAE. CONCLUSION: Neoadjuvant PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy are feasible therapies for resectable squamous NSCLC. It was associated with a 66.7% MPR rate, 39.7% pCR rate, and tolerable toxicity.
Evaluation of Major Pathologic Response and Pathologic Complete Response as Surrogate End Points for Survival in Randomized Controlled Trials of Neoadjuvant Immune Checkpoint Blockade in Resectable in NSCLC.; INTRODUCTION: Controversy remains as to whether pathologic complete response (pCR) and major pathologic response (MPR) represent surrogate end points for event-free survival (EFS) and overall survival (OS) in neoadjuvant trials for resectable NSCLC. METHODS: A search of PubMed and archives of international conference abstracts was performed from June 2017 through October 31, 2023. Studies incorporating a neoadjuvant arm with immune checkpoint blockade alone or in combination with chemotherapy were included. Those not providing information regarding pCR, MPR, EFS, or OS were excluded. For trial-level surrogacy, log ORs for pCR and MPR and log hazard ratios for EFS and OS were analyzed using a linear regression model weighted by sample size. The regression coefficient and R(2) with 95% confidence interval were calculated by the bootstrapping approach. RESULTS: Seven randomized clinical trials were identified for a total of 2385 patients. At the patient level, the R(2) of pCR and MPR with 2-year EFS were 0.82 (0.66-0.94) and 0.81 (0.63-0.93), respectively. The OR of 2-year EFS rates by response status was 0.12 (0.07-0.19) and 0.11 (0.05-0.22), respectively. For the 2-year OS, the R(2) of pCR and MPR were 0.55 (0.09-0.98) and 0.52 (0.10-0.96), respectively. At the trial level, the R(2) for the association of OR for response and HR for EFS was 0.58 (0.00-0.97) and 0.61 (0.00-0.97), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our analyses reveal a robust correlation between pCR and MPR with 2-year EFS but not OS. Trial-level surrogacy was moderate but imprecise. More mature follow-up and data to assess the impact of study crossover are needed.
Adjuvant chemotherapy for completely resected IIA-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer: compliance to guidelines, safety and efficacy in real-life practice.; BACKGROUND: Since randomised clinical trials demonstrated a survival benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy (AC) following curative-intent lung surgery, AC has been implemented as a standard therapeutic strategy for patients with a completely resected IIA-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Regarding the moderate benefit of AC and the lack of literature on AC use in real-life practice, we aimed to evaluate compliance to guidelines, AC safety and efficacy in a less selected population. METHODS: Between January 2009 and December 2014, we retrospectively analysed 210 patients with theoretical indication of AC following curative-intent lung surgery for a completely resected IIA-IIIA NSCLC. The primary objective of this retrospective study was to evaluate compliance to AC guidelines. Secondary objectives included safety and efficacy of AC in real-life practice. RESULTS: Among 210 patients with a theoretical indication of AC, chemotherapy administration was validated in multidisciplinary team (MDT) for 62.4% of them and 117 patients (55.7%) finally received AC. Patient's clinical conditions were the main reasons advanced in MDT for no respect to AC guidelines. Most of the patients received cisplatin-vinorelbine (86.3%) and AC was initiated within 8 weeks following lung surgery for 73.5% of patients. One-half of patients who received AC experienced side effects leading to either dose-intensity modification or treatment interruption. In real-life practice, AC was found to provide a survival benefit over surgery alone. Factors related to daily-life practice such as delayed AC initiation or incomplete AC planned dose received were not associated with an inferior survival. CONCLUSIONS: Although AC use might differ from guidelines in real-life practice, this retrospective study highlights that AC can be used safely and remains efficient among a less selected population. In the context of immunotherapy and targeted therapies development in peri-operative treatment strategies, the place of AC has to be precised in the future.
Bayesian network meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant therapy for non-small-cell lung cancer.; OBJECTIVE: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy has increased the survival benefit of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. The effects of different neoadjuvant therapies are still controversial. We carried out the study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant therapy. METHODS: We performed a search of electronic databases (PubMed, Embase, MEDLINE, Cochrane) for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing neoadjuvant treatment. After literature screening and data extraction, efficacy, and safety were analyzed by the Bayesian network meta-analysis (NMA). RESULTS: A total of 19 RCTs were included, covering 3276 patients and six kinds of neoadjuvant therapies, including immunotherapy, targeted therapy, chemotherapy drugs and radiotherapy. Erlotinib, the first-generation epidermal growth factor receptor t﻿yrosine inhibitors (EGFR TKIs), neoadjuvant targeted therapy is best for improving overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS), which is superior to other neoadjuvant therapy, such as neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum drugs [hazard ratio (HR) 0.39, 95% confidence intervals (CIs) 0.16-0.96], neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (HR 0.37, 95% CI 0.14-0.96) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy with non-platinum drugs (HR 0.25, 95% CI 0.07-0.90). OS of all neoadjuvant therapies is superior to surgery alone, but only neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum drugs showed a significant advantage (HR 0.76, 95% CI 0.59-0.93). Besides, for the stage IIIA N2 NSCLC patients, no significant difference was found between neoadjuvant therapies. CONCLUSIONS: Targeted neoadjuvant therapy is the best treatment for prolonging PFS. The neoadjuvant chemotherapy with platinum drugs was associated with the better OS benefits for patients with NSCLC, compared with surgery alone. There is no significant difference in the efficacy of neoadjuvant therapy for the stage IIIA N2 NSCLC.
Is neoadjuvant immunotherapy necessary in patients with programmed death ligand 1 expression-negative resectable non-small cell lung cancer? A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical benefit and necessity of neoadjuvant programmed cell death (or ligand) (PD-(L)1) blockades in resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with negative PD-L1 expression. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Randomized control trials (RCTs) that compared event-free survival (EFS), overall survival (OS), major pathological response (MPR), and/or pathological complete response (pCR) between neoadjuvant chemo-immunotherapy (nCIT) and neoadjuvant chemotherapy (nCT) for patients with resectable NSCLC stratified by PD-L1 expression were eligible for inclusion in the study. Data regarding the pathological response and EFS were evaluated by the odds ratio (OR) and hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) using random and fixed models. RESULTS: A total of six RCTs involving 3,194 patients with resectable NSCLC with or without neoadjuvant immunotherapy were included. Compared with nCT alone, nCIT significantly improved pCR (18.3 % vs. 3.0 %; OR, 5.64; 95 % CI, 3.22-9.89; P < 0.001), MPR (38.9 % vs. 15.5 %; OR, 3.57; 95 % CI, 2.10-6.05; P < 0.001), and EFS (HR, 0.75; 95 % CI, 0.62-0.90; P = 0.002) in PD-L1 <1 % NSCLC patients. In addition, PD-L1 ≥1 % was associated with higher rates of pCR (32.8 % vs. 18.3 %; OR, 2.28; 95 % CI, 1.40-3.73; P = 0.001) and MPR (53.9 % vs. 38.9 %; OR, 1.84; 95 % CI, 1.22-2.79; P = 004) and longer EFS (HR, 0.44 vs. 0.75) in the setting of nCIT compared with PD-L1 <1 %. nCIT improved only OS in NSCLC patients with PD-L1 ≥1 % but not in patients with PD-L1 <1 %. CONCLUSIONS: The use of nCIT should be recommended for resectable NSCLC patients with negative PD-L1 expression, as nCIT significantly improved the pathological response and EFS in these patients. The benefit to PD-L1-negative patients treated with nCIT on OS remains to be validated.
The Value of Perioperative Immunotherapy for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: A Pool- and Meta-Analysis.; Purpose: This study aimed to analyze the efficacy and safety of neoadjuvant and adjuvant immunotherapies for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Electronic literature searches were conducted in PubMed, OVID, Web of SCI, Embase, Cochrane Library, and the Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure databases. The deadline for literature update and retrieval is February 16, 2024. Studies presented at meetings were also screened. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and single-arm trials were included, and the data were extracted according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Data analysis was performed using Stata (16.0) software. Results: A total of 5850 patients in 11 RCTs and 6 single-arm trial studies involving neoadjuvant and/or adjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI)-based therapies were included. Regarding neoadjuvant therapy, the overall complication rate after surgery reached 35% (95% CI, 0.21-0.49). Higher rates of pathological complete response (OR = 7.83; 95% CI, 5.95-10.31; P < .001) and major pathological response (OR = 5.13; 95% CI, 3.56-7.40; P < .001) were found in the resectable NSCLC patients who received neoadjuvant therapy with ICIs combined with chemotherapy compared with patients treated with chemotherapy alone. Of note, compared with chemotherapy, neoadjuvant ICIs combined with chemotherapy significantly improved the overall survival (OS) (HR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.52-0.82; P < .001) and event-free survival (EFS) (HR = 0.59; 95% CI, 0.52-0.67; P < .001) in patients with resectable NSCLC. Regarding adjuvant therapy, a lower risk of disease progression or death (HR = 0.78; 95% CI, 0.69-0.90; P < .001) was found in the adjuvant ICI group compared with the adjuvant chemotherapy-alone group. In terms of safety, perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy did not increase toxicity compared with chemotherapy alone. Conclusion: In patients with resectable NSCLC, perioperative immunotherapy was safe and efficacious. Perioperative immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy improved the pathologic response and EFS/DFS/OS over chemotherapy alone without increasing toxicity.
Neoadjuvant camrelizumab and chemotherapy in patients with resectable stage IIIA squamous non-small-cell lung cancer: Clinical experience of three cases.; Neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy has attracted much attention as a treatment for locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer. However, there is scarce evidence of the safety and efficacy of camrelizumab as neoadjuvant in lung cancer. Here, we present three patients who were diagnosed with IIIA squamous non-small-cell lung cancer from September to December in 2020 and received two cycles of neoadjuvant camrelizumab plus nab-paclitaxel and nedaplatin, followed by surgical resection. All three patients had a reduction in the tumor size on CT image and not delayed planned surgery. We did not observe grade 3 or 4 adverse events. Two of the three patients achieved a major pathological response (MPR), including one complete tumor regression of the primary lung tumor. Multiplex fluorescent immunohistochemistry revealed that CD8+ T cells, FoxP3+ regulatory T cells, and PD-L1 expression on immune cells in the surgical specimen were much higher than in the pretreatment biopsy sample in patients with MPR. This was not observed in the patient without MPR. Camrelizumab plus chemotherapy could potentially be a neoadjuvant regimen for resectable IIIA squamous non-small-cell lung cancer, with a high MPR proportion, and did not compromise surgical procedure. Our findings should be validated in a future randomized clinical trial.
Nodal immune flare mimics nodal disease progression following neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer.; Radiographic imaging is the standard approach for evaluating the disease involvement of lymph nodes in patients with operable NSCLC although the impact of neoadjuvant immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) on lymph nodes has not yet been characterized. Herein, we present an ad hoc analysis of the NEOSTAR trial (NCT03158129) where we observed a phenomenon we refer to as "nodal immune flare" (NIF) in which patients treated with neoadjuvant ICIs demonstrate radiologically abnormal nodes post-therapy that upon pathological evaluation are devoid of cancer and demonstrate de novo non-caseating granulomas. Abnormal lymph nodes are analyzed by computed tomography and (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computer tomography to evaluate the size and the maximum standard uptake value post- and pre-therapy in NEOSTAR and an independent neoadjuvant chemotherapy cohort. NIF occurs in 16% (7/44) of patients treated with ICIs but in 0% (0/28) of patients after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. NIF is associated with an inflamed nodal immune microenvironment and with fecal abundance of genera belonging to the family Coriobacteriaceae of phylum Actinobacteria, but not with tumor responses or treatment-related toxicity. Our findings suggest that this apparent radiological cancer progression in lymph nodes may occur due to an inflammatory response after neoadjuvant immunotherapy, and such cases should be evaluated by pathological examination to distinguish NIF from true nodal progression and to ensure appropriate clinical treatment planning.
Quantifying the rate and predictors of occult lymph node involvement in patients with clinically node-negative non-small cell lung cancer.; PURPOSE: It is essential to evaluate the risk of occult lymph node (LN) disease in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), especially because delivering stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) assumes no occult spread. This study was designed to assist clinicians in roughly quantifying this risk for cN0 NSCLC. METHODS: The National Cancer Data Base was queried for cN0 cM0 lung squamous cell or adenocarcinoma who underwent surgery and LN dissection without neoadjuvant therapy. Statistics included multivariable logistic regression to evaluate factors associated with pN + disease. RESULTS: 109,964 patients were included. For tumors with size ≤1.0, 1.1-2.0, 2.1-3.0, 3.1-4.0, 4.1-5.0, 5.1-6.0, 6.1-7.0, and >7.0 cm, the pN + rate was 4.4, 7.7, 12.9, 18.0, 20.2, 22.5, 24.4, and 26.4%, respectively. When examining patients with more complete LN dissections (defined as removal of at least 10 LNs), the respective values were 6.6, 11.5, 17.6, 25.3, 26.8, 29.7, 30.7, and 31.6%. Moderately-poorly differentiated disease and adenocarcinomas were associated with a higher rate of pN + disease (p < .001 for both). For every cm increase in tumor size, the relative occult nodal risk increased by 10-14% (p < .001). For every elapsed day from initial diagnosis, the relative risk increased by ∼1% (p < .001). Graphs with best-fit lines were created based on tumor size, histology, and differentiation to aid physicians in estimating the pN + risk. CONCLUSIONS: This nationwide study can allow clinicians to roughly estimate the rate of occult LN disease in cN0 NSCLC. These data can also assist in guiding enrollment on randomized trials of SABR ± immunotherapy, individualizing follow-up imaging surveillance, and patient counseling to avoid post-diagnosis delays.
Development and validation of a mutation-based model to predict immunotherapeutic efficacy in NSCLC.; BACKGROUND: Immunotherapy has become increasingly important in the perioperative period of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this study, we intended to develop a mutation-based model to predict the therapeutic effificacy of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in patients with NSCLC. METHODS: Random Forest (RF) classifiers were generated to identify tumor gene mutated features associated with immunotherapy outcomes. Then the best classifier with the highest accuracy served for the development of the predictive model. The correlations of some reported biomarkers with the model were analyzed, such as TMB, PD-(L)1, KEAP1-driven co-mutations, and immune subtypes. The training cohort and validation cohorts performed survival analyses to estimate the predictive efficiency independently. RESULTS: An 18-gene set was selected using random forest (RF) classififiers. A predictive model was developed based on the number of mutant genes among the candidate genes, and patients were divided into the MT group (mutant gene ≥ 2) and WT group (mutant gene < 2). The MT group (N = 54) had better overall survival (OS) compared to the WT group (N = 290); the median OS was not reached vs. nine months (P < 0.0001, AUC = 0.73). The robust predictive performance was confifirmed in three validation cohorts, with an AUC of 0.70, 0.57, and 0.64 (P < 0.05). The MT group was characterized by high tumor neoantigen burden (TNB), increased immune infifiltration cells such as CD8 T and macrophage cells, and upregulated immune checkpoint molecules, suggesting potential biological advantages in ICIs therapy. CONCLUSIONS: The predictive model could precisely predict the immunotherapeutic efficacy in NSCLC based on the mutant genes within the model. Furthermore, some immune-related features and cell expression could support robust efficiency.
STereotactic Ablative RadioTherapy in NEWly Diagnosed and Recurrent Locally Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients Unfit for ConcurrEnt RAdio-Chemotherapy: Early Analysis of the START-NEW-ERA Non-Randomised Phase II Trial.; PURPOSE: This is a single arm phase 2 trial (Clinical trials.gov NCT05291780) to assess local control (LC) and safety of SAbR in patients with unresectable locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (LA-NSCLC) unfit for concurrent chemo-radiation therapy (ChT-RT). METHODS: Neoadjuvant ChT was prescribed in fit patients. The tumor volume included primary tumor and any regionally positive node/s. The coprimary study endpoints were LC and safety. RESULTS: Between December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2020, 50 patients with LA-NSCLC were enrolled. Histology was squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma (ADC) in 52% and 48%, respectively. Forty (80%) patients had ultracentral tumor. Twenty-seven (54%) received neoadjuvant ChT and 7 (14%) adjuvant durvalumab. Median prescribed dose was 45 Gy (range, 35-55) and 40 Gy (35-45) in 5 daily fractions to tumor and node/s, respectively. After a median follow-up of 38 months (range, 12-80), 19 (38%) patients had experienced local recurrence (LR) at a median time of 13 months (range, 7-34). The median LR-free survival (FS) was not reached (95% confidence interval [CI], 28 to not reached). The 1-, 2-, and 3-year LR-FS rates were 86% ± 5%, 66% ± 7%, and 56% ± 8%, respectively. At last follow-up, 33 (66%) patients were alive. Median overall survival (OS) was 55 months (95% CI, 43-55 months). The 1-, 2-, and 3-year OS rates were 94% ± 3%, 79% ± 6%, and 72% ± 7%, respectively. No patients developed ≥ grade (G) 3 toxicity. ADC (hazard ratio [HR], 3.61; 95% CI, 1.15-11.35) was a significant predictor of better LC, while OS was significantly conditioned by smaller planning target volumes (HR, 1.004; 95% CI, 1.001-1.010) and tumor, node, and metastasis stage (HR, 4.8; 95% CI, 1.34-17). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with LA-NSCLC treated with SABR had optimal LC and promising OS in absence of ≥G3 toxicity. Our early outcomes would suggest the feasibility of using this approach in patients with LA-NSCLC unfit for concurrent ChT-RT.
[Progress of immune checkpoint inhibitors in neoadjuvant therapy of non-small cell lung cancer].; Lung cancer carries the highest morbidity and mortality out of all malignancies in the world. About 85% of all cases are non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Surgery is currently the optimal treatment for early-stage NSCLC, however, the postoperative recurrence rate is relatively high and the long-term survival of these patients is still a problem to be overcomed. Previous studies have shown that early-stage NSCLC patients may benefit from preoperative neoadjuvant chemotherapy when compared to surgery alone, although the benefit is only moderate. More recent publications indicate that immune checkpoint blockade may have better potential in neoadjuvant therapy, with reported major pathological response rates at 20% to 85%, compared to chemotherapy alone. Phase Ⅲ random clinical trials are being implemented to confirm the effect of neoadjuvant immunotherapy in NSCLC. Meanwhile, a number of questions remain unanswered, including the time and course of neoadjuvant immunotherapy, the evaluation criteria of immune-related efficacy, the standardization of pathological evaluation, and how to avoid delays in surgery or misjudgment caused by pseudo-progression.
Current Landscape of Immunotherapy Trials Involving the Programmed Cell Death Protein 1/Programmed Death-Ligand 1 Axis in Intrathoracic Tumors.; INTRODUCTION: The clinical successes seen with anti-programmed cell death protein 1/programmed death-ligand 1 (anti-PD-[L]1) agents have galvanized the field of immuno-oncology. We evaluated the landscape and trends in immunotherapy trials involving the PD-(L)1 axis in intrathoracic tumors. METHODS: We identified clinical trials involving anti-PD-(L)1 agents on the ClinicalTrials.gov registry through November 13, 2020 for NSCLC, SCLC, mesothelioma, and thymic epithelial tumor. Clinical trials were indexed according to monotherapy versus combination approaches, PD-(L)1 agents under investigation, clinical settings, trial start date, and partner drug(s). We assessed redundancy among the clinical trials. RESULTS: We found 686 clinical trials investigating anti-PD-(L)1 agents for intrathoracic tumors (540 trials in NSCLC, 96 in SCLC, 38 in mesothelioma, and 12 in thymic epithelial tumor). A total of 23 PD-(L)1 inhibitors are undergoing clinical development. A total of 81% of trials assess combination treatment. The number of clinical trials has been growing exponentially in the past decade. PD-(L)1 blockade was frequently combined with chemotherapy or immunomodulatory therapy. Various strategies are in development to overcome resistance to PD-(L)1 blockade in metastatic NSCLC. PD-(L)1 blockade is also increasingly evaluated in neoadjuvant and adjuvant settings. After the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's approval of an anti-PD-(L)1 agent for a specific indication, 14 trials were launched thereafter, which continued to randomize patients to treatments that were inferior to the best available therapy. CONCLUSIONS: The number of clinical trials investigating anti-PD-(L)1 agents in intrathoracic tumors has experienced a steep increase over the past decade with a notable upward trend for combination trials. To reduce duplicative research efforts and accelerate the development of effective immunotherapeutics, improved coordination among key stakeholders and the adoption of innovative trial designs will be vital.
Survival and Early Death Within Three Months from the Start of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in Patients With Different Types of Cancer.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Implementation of new anticancer treatments in rural healthcare might not always result in identical survival outcomes as those seen in the randomized trials leading to approval. Therefore, the survival of patients treated with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) in Nordland county was analyzed. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Retrospective analysis of 199 patients, mainly treated in adjuvant or palliative settings, e.g, for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) or malignant melanoma (from 2018 to 2021). Overall survival and death within 3 months from start of ICI were evaluated. RESULTS: All patients who received (neo)adjuvant treatment were alive at the time of this analysis. Median survival was not reached for patients treated with consolidation durvalumab for NSCLC. Twenty-five patients died within 3 months [none after (neo)adjuvant or consolidation ICI]. Among these 25 patients, none had performance status (PS) 0 and only 7 had PS 1. Among 13 patients aged ≥80 years, 5 (38%) died within 3 months. Four of five patients treated on an individual basis outside of generally accepted indications died within 3 months. CONCLUSION: The overall survival outcomes observed after limited follow-up appear satisfactory. Death within 3 months was typically caused by cancer progression and mostly related to reduced PS (≥2) and/or advanced age (≥80 years).
Bintrafusp Alfa, a Bifunctional Fusion Protein Targeting TGF-β and PD-L1, in Second-Line Treatment of Patients With NSCLC: Results From an Expansion Cohort of a Phase 1 Trial.; INTRODUCTION: The safety and efficacy of bintrafusp alfa, a first-in-class bifunctional fusion protein composed of the extracellular domain of the transforming growth factor β (TGF-β) receptor II (a TGF-β "trap") fused to a human immunoglobulin G1 antibody blocking programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1), was evaluated in patients with advanced NSCLC. METHODS: This expansion cohort of NCT02517398, an ongoing, phase 1, open-label trial, includes 80 patients with advanced NSCLC that progressed after platinum doublet therapy or after platinum-based adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment and those who also have not received previous immunotherapy. Patients were randomized at a one-to-one ratio to receive either bintrafusp alfa 500 mg or the recommended phase 2 dosage of 1200 mg every 2 weeks. The primary end point was the best overall response (by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors 1.1 as adjudicated by independent review committee) and was assessed by the objective response rate (ORR). RESULTS: A total of 80 patients were randomized to receive bintrafusp alfa 500 or 1200 mg (n = 40 each). Median follow-up was 51.9 weeks (IQR, 19.6-74.0). The ORR in all patients was 21.3% (17 of 80). The ORR was 17.5% (seven of 40) and 25.0% (10 of 40) for the 500 mg dose and the 1200 mg dose (recommended phase 2 dose), respectively. At the 1200 mg dose, patients with PD-L1-positive and PD-L1-high (≥80% expression on tumor cells) had ORRs of 36.0% (10 of 27) and 85.7% (six of seven), respectively. Treatment-related adverse events occurred in 55 of the 80 patients (69%) and were graded as greater than or equal to 3 in 23 of the 80 patients (29%). Of the 80 patients, eight (10%) had a treatment-related adverse event that led to treatment discontinuation; no treatment-related deaths occurred. CONCLUSIONS: Bintrafusp alfa had encouraging efficacy and manageable tolerability in patients with NSCLC previously treated with platinum.
Neo-adjuvant chemo/immunotherapy in the treatment of stage III (N2) non-small cell lung cancer: a phase I/II pilot study.; In a previous randomized study, we showed that adjuvant immunotherapy with tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes and recombinant interleukin-2 (rIL-2) significantly improved survival in resected N2-non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. The present study assesses feasibility, safety and potential efficacy of combined neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy with peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and rIL-2 in resectable N2-NSCLC patients. Eighty-two consecutive N2-NSCLC patients underwent neo-adjuvant chemotherapy with cisplatin and gemcitabine. Out of the 82 patients, 23 were also subjected to leukapheresis prior to neo-adjuvant chemotherapy while the remaining 59 did not. Collected PBMC were analyzed for viability and phenotype and then stored frozen in liquid nitrogen. Thawed PBMC were infused intravenously, 5 days before surgery. After the infusion, rIL-2 was administered subcutaneously until surgery. Only patients with a partial or complete response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy underwent surgery: 13 patients in the experimental immunotherapy group (A) and 32 in the reference group (B). The two groups were homogeneous for all major prognostic factors. Median leukapheresis yield was 10 billion PBMC, (range 3-24 billions). Two to six billion PBMC were infused. The phenotypic analysis showed that similar proportions of CD4 and CD8 cells were present in leukapheresis products, and thawed PBMC, as well as in T lymphocytes isolated from the removed tumours. No severe adverse effects were observed following immunotherapy. No significant differences in overall survival (OS) and event-free survival (EFS) were seen between the two groups. However, the 5-year OS in group A was almost twice as much compared to group B (59 percent vs 32 percent). After adjustment for major prognostic factors, a statistically significant 66 percent reduction in the hazard of death was seen in patients receiving immunotherapy. The OS benefit was more evident in patients with adenocarcinoma than in those with squamous cell carcinoma. This study supports the favorable toxicity profile and potential efficacy of combining neo-adjuvant chemotherapy and immunotherapy with PBMC and rIL-2 in the treatment of N2-NSCLC patients.
Analysis of treatment-related adverse events and wound complications of surgical resection after neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.; Neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy is becoming an increasingly important part of the management of lung cancer to facilitate surgical resection. This study aimed to summarize the treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) and wound complications of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Eligible studies of neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy for NSCLC were identified from PubMed, Embase and Web of Science. The endpoints mainly included TRAEs and wound complications. Stata18 software was used for statistical analysis with p < 0.05 considered statistically significant. Twenty studies including a total of 1072 patients were eligible for this study. Among the patients who received neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy, the pooled prevalence of any grade TRAEs was 77% (95% confidence interval [CI] [0.64-0.86]), grade 1-2 TRAEs was 77% (95% CI [0.58-0.89]) and grade ≥3 TRAEs was 26% (95% CI [0.16-0.38]). Surgery-related complications rate was 22% (95% CI [0.14-0.33]). Among the wound complications, the pooled rate of air leakage was 10% (95% CI [0.04-0.23]), pulmonary/wound infection was 8% (95% CI [0.05-0.13]), bronchopleural fistula was 8% (95% CI [0.02-0.27]), bronchopulmonary haemorrhage was 3% (95% CI [0.01-0.05]), pneumonia was 5% (95% CI [0.02-0.10]), pulmonary embolism was 1% (95% CI [0.01-0.03]), pleural effusion was 7% (95% CI [0.03-0.14]) and chylothorax was 4% (95% CI [0.02-0.09]). Overall, neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy in NSCLC results a high incidence of grade 1-2 TRAEs but a low risk of increasing the incidence of ≥3 grade TRAEs and wound complications. These results need to be confirmed by more large-scale prospective randomized controlled trials and studies.
[Stage IV NSCLC. Biological treatments of lung cancer in 2008... and in the near future].; Nowadays, biological cancer treatments represent the major advance in non-small cell lung cancer therapeutic strategies. During the last decade, more than 15 randomized trials associating chemo with biological treatments, in first line setting, have included more than 12,073 NSCLC patients, and as much in phase 2-3 trials in second and third line setting. Very few were positive, but currently anti-angiogenic strategy using the humanized monoclonal antibody bevacizumab has been approved in association with chemotherapy, in first line treatment of carefully selected NSCLC patients (with non proximal tumors, without cerebral metastasis, and of non-squamous histology). On the same way, monotherapy by the EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor erlotinib has been approved in second and third line setting, with comparable results as chemotherapy. 2008 was the year of new targeted therapies with cetuximab, the chimeric monoclonal antibody directed against EFGR, in association with chemotherapy in first line setting, whereas EGFR TKI are also tested in first line, in patients selected on the ground of the molecular properties of their tumors (with EGFR mutation or positive EGFR FISH). New generation EGFR TKI (more potent if not more selective) are developed in new settings (neo-adjuvant or adjuvant treatment), with promising results in phase 2 trials, whereas active immunotherapy directed toward MUC1 or MAGE-A3 are tested in large phase 3 randomized trials in adjuvant setting (post-surgery or post-radiotherapy), since phase 2 results were appealing. Therefore, during the last few years, targeted therapies quit science-fiction to enter in our current practice, leading clinicians to learn how to treat new kinds of toxicities and to select patients on molecular grounds.
