Dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of myocardial infarction - A population-based prospective cohort study; Background: Fish consumption may promote cardiovascular health. The role of major food contaminants, such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) common in fatty fish, is unclear. We assessed the association between dietary PCB exposure and risk of myocardial infarction taking into account the intake of long-chain omega-3 fish fatty acids.
Fasting lipoprotein and postprandial triacylglycerol responses to a low-carbohydrate diet supplemented with n-3 fatty acids; Background: The effects of a prolonged low-carbohydrate diet rich in n-3 fatty acids on blood lipid profiles have not been addressed in the scientific literature.
Effect of Long-term Supplementation With Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids vs Placebo on Risk of Depression or Clinically Relevant Depressive Symptoms and on Change in Mood Scores A Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance Marine omega-3 fatty acid (omega-3) supplements have been used to treat depression but their ability to prevent depression in the general adult population is unknown. Objective To test effects of omega-3 supplementation on late-life depression risk and mood scores. Design, Setting, and Participants A total of 18 353 adults participated in the VITAL-DEP (Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial-Depression Endpoint Prevention) ancillary study to VITAL, a randomized trial of cardiovascular disease and cancer prevention among 25 871 US adults. There were 16 657 at risk of incident depression (no previous depression) and 1696 at risk of recurrent depression (previous depression, but not for the past 2 years). Randomization occurred from November 2011 through March 2014; randomized treatment ended on December 31, 2017. Interventions Randomized 2 x 2 factorial assignment to vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/d), marine omega-3 fatty acids (1 g/d of fish oil, including 465 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid and 375 mg of docosahexaenoic acid) or placebo; 9171 were randomized to omega-3 and 9182 were randomized to matching placebo. Main Outcomes and Measures Prespecified coprimary outcomes were risk of depression or clinically relevant depressive symptoms (total of incident + recurrent cases); mean difference in mood score (8-item Patient Health Questionnaire [PHQ-8] depression scale). Results Among 18 353 participants who were randomized (mean age, 67.5 [SD, 7.1] years; 49.2% women), 90.3% completed the trial (93.5% among those alive at the end of the trial); the median treatment duration was 5.3 years. The test for interaction between the omega-3 and the vitamin D agents was not significant (P for interaction = .14). Depression risk was significantly higher comparing omega-3 (651 events, 13.9 per 1000 person-years) with placebo (583 events, 12.3 per 1000 person-years; hazard ratio [HR], 1.13; 95% CI, 1.01-1.26; P = .03). No significant differences were observed comparing omega-3 with placebo groups in longitudinal mood scores: the mean difference in change in PHQ-8 score was 0.03 points (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.07; P = .19). Regarding serious and common adverse events, the respective prevalence values in omega-3 vs placebo groups were major cardiovascular events (2.7% vs 2.9%), all-cause mortality (3.3% vs 3.1%), suicide (0.02% vs 0.01%), gastrointestinal bleeding (2.6% vs 2.7%), easy bruising (24.8% vs 25.1%), and stomach upset or pain (35.2% vs 35.1%). Conclusions and Relevance Among adults aged 50 years or older without clinically relevant depressive symptoms at baseline, treatment with omega-3 supplements compared with placebo yielded mixed results, with a small but statistically significant increase in risk of depression or clinically relevant depressive symptoms but no difference in mood scores, over a median follow-up of 5.3 years. These findings do not support the use of omega-3 supplements in adults to prevent depression.
The limited effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk in patients with impaired glucose metabolism: A meta-analysis; Objectives: The impacts of marine-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on cardiovascular risk are not well known. We conducted this meta-analysis to determine the effects of n-3 PUFAs on cardiovascular outcomes and cardiovascular risk markers in patients with impaired glucose metabolism (IGM).
Preoperative administration of Omega-3 fatty acids on postoperative pain and acute-phase reactants in patients undergoing Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: A randomized clinical trial; Background: The term "Immunonutrition" (IMN) describes the enteral administration of certain substrates with a theoretical immunomodulating function. From all the elements conforming these IMN formulas, Omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) are hypothesized to be the most important component for immunomodulation, with increased anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effect.
Efficacy of Marine ω-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation vs Placebo in Reducing Incidence of Dry Eye Disease in Healthy US Adults A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Results of several small randomized clinical trials have suggested that supplements of marine omega-3 fatty acids may be beneficial in treating signs and symptoms of dry eye disease (DED). However, randomized clinical trial data to examine whether omega-3 fatty acid supplements can prevent DED are lacking.
The role of dietary n-6 fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular disease; n-6 Fatty acids, like n-3 fatty acids, play essential roles in many biological functions. Because n-6 fatty acids are the precursors of proinflammatory eicosanoids, higher intakes have been suggested to be detrimental, and the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids has been suggested by some to be particularly important. However, this hypothesis is based on minimal evidence, and in humans higher intakes of n-6 fatty acids have not been associated with elevated levels of inflammatory markers.
Fatty acid-mediated signaling as a target for developing type 1 diabetes therapies; Introduction: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease in which pro-inflammatory and cytotoxic signaling drive the death of the insulin-producing ss cells. This complex signaling is regulated in part by fatty acids and their bioproducts, making them excellent therapeutic targets. Areas covered: We provide an overview of the fatty acid actions on ss cells by discussing how they can cause lipotoxicity or regulate inflammatory response during insulitis. We also discuss how diet can affect the availability of fatty acids and disease development. Finally, we discuss development avenues that need further exploration. Expert opinion: Fatty acids, such as hydroxyl fatty acids,omega-3 fatty acids, and their downstream products, are druggable candidates that promote protective signaling. Inhibitors and antagonists of enzymes and receptors of arachidonic acid and free fatty acids, along with their derived metabolites, which cause pro-inflammatory and cytotoxic responses, have the potential to be developed as therapeutic targets also. Further, because diet is the main source of fatty acid intake in humans, balancing protective and pro-inflammatory/cytotoxic fatty acid levels through dietary therapy may have beneficial effects, delaying T1D progression. Therefore, therapeutic interventions targeting fatty acid signaling hold potential as avenues to treat T1D.
Interplay of Walnut Consumption, Changes in Circulating miRNAs and Reduction in LDL-Cholesterol in Elders; The mechanisms underlying the lipid-lowering effect of nuts remain elusive. This study explores whether one-year supplementation with walnuts decreases LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) by affecting the expression of circulating microRNAs (c-miRNA). In this sub-study of the Walnuts and Healthy Aging (WAHA) trial, we obtained fasting serum at baseline and at 1 year from 330 free-living participants (63-79 year, 68% women), allocated into a control group (CG, abstinence from walnuts, n = 164) and a walnut group (WG, 15% of daily energy as walnuts, similar to 30-60 g/day, n = 166). Participants in the WG showed a 1 year decrease in LDL-C (-9.07, (95% confidence interval: -12.87; -5.73) mg/dL; p = 0.010 versus changes in the CG). We conducted a miRNA array in eight randomly selected participants in the WG who decreased in LDL-C. This yielded 53 c-miRNAs with statistically significant changes, 27 of which survived the correction for multiple testing. When validating them in the full population, statistical significance lasted for hsa-miR-551a, being upregulated in the WG. In mediation analysis, the change in hsa-miR-551a was unrelated to LDL-C decrease. Long-term supplementation with walnuts decreased LDL-C independently of the changes in c-miRNA. The hsa-miR-551a upregulation, which has been linked to a reduced cell migration and invasion in several carcinomas, suggests a novel mechanism of walnuts in cancer risk.
Synthesis of docosahexaenoic acid from eicosapentaenoic acid in retina neurons protects photoreceptors from oxidative stress; Oxidative stress is involved in activating photoreceptor death in several retinal degenerations. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the major polyunsaturated fatty acid in the retina, protects cultured retina photoreceptors from apoptosis induced by oxidative stress and promotes photoreceptor differentiation. Here, we investigated whether eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a metabolic precursor to DHA, had similar effects and whether retinal neurons could metabolize EPA to DHA. Adding EPA to rat retina neuronal cultures increased opsin expression and protected photoreceptors from apoptosis induced by the oxidants paraquat and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). Palmitic, oleic, and arachidonic acids had no protective effect, showing the specificity for DHA. We found that EPA supplementation significantly increased DHA percentage in retinal neurons, but not EPA percentage. Photoreceptors and glial cells expressed 6 desaturase (FADS2), which introduces the last double bond in DHA biosynthetic pathway. Pre-treatment of neuronal cultures with CP-24879 hydrochloride, a 5/6 desaturase inhibitor, prevented EPA-induced increase in DHA percentage and completely blocked EPA protection and its effect on photoreceptor differentiation. These results suggest that EPA promoted photoreceptor differentiation and rescued photoreceptors from oxidative stress-induced apoptosis through its elongation and desaturation to DHA. Our data show, for the first time, that isolated retinal neurons can synthesize DHA in culture.
Intakes of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and non-fried fish in relation to incidence of chronic kidney disease in young adults: a 25-year follow-up; Purpose The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is increasing rapidly in many countries and has become a major public health concern. Although intakes of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC omega 3PUFA) and its food source-fish-may have renal protective effects, little is known about the longitudinal association between these dietary factors and CKD incidence. Methods A total of 4133 healthy individuals of black and white race aged 18-30 at baseline (1985-1986) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study were enrolled and followed up over 25 years. LC omega 3PUFA and fish intake were assessed by an interview-based dietary history questionnaire at baseline, year 7 (1992-1993) and 20 (2005-2006). Results Four hundred and eighty-nine incident cases of CKD were identified. After adjustment for potential confounders, LC omega 3PUFA intake was inversely associated with CKD incidence [HR = 0.73 (95% CI 0.60-0.89), P = 0.002, with one standard division (0.19 g/day) increment in LC omega 3PUFA]. This inverse association was persisted among females [0.64 (95% CI 0.48, 0.84; P = 0.002], but not males (P-interaction = 0.070). A marginal significant inverse association was also found between non-fried fish consumption and CKD incidence (HR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.73, 1.01; P = 0.073). Conclusions Dietary LC omega 3PUFA intake was inversely associated with incidence of CKD among American young adults over 25 years of follow-up. The suggestive evidence of the inverse association between non-fried fish consumption with CKD incidence needs further confirmation.
Resolvin D1 Attenuates Myocardial Infarction in a Rodent Model with the Participation of the HMGB1 Pathway; Purpose Myocardial infarction (MI) is associated with high morbidity and mortality worldwide. This study aimed to explore the roles of resolvin D1 (RvD1), a metabolite of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, in protection against MI and investigate its influences on high mobility group box 1 protein (HMGB1) and related molecular mechanisms. Methods Three-month-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into five groups: sham, MI, MI+0.02 mu g RvD1, MI+0.1 mu g RvD1, and MI+0.3 mu g RvD1. Vehicle control or different doses of RvD1 were injected into the left ventricle (LV) cavity 5 min before MI induction. During MI induction, myocardial ischemia lasted for 45 min followed by 180 min of reperfusion. After the reperfusion, blood and LV samples were collected for biochemical examination. Results The MI group produced a significant increase in myocardial infarct size, serum cardiac biomarkers (LDH and CK-MB), proinflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and IL-6), and MDA levels, and a significant decrease in SOD level compared with the sham group. Moreover, a significant upregulation of gene and protein expressions of HMGB1 and its related TLR4 and NF-kappa B were observed in the MI group when compared with the sham group. Pretreatment of RvD1 ameliorated the biochemical changes caused by MI. Conclusions Our results suggested that RvD1 pretreatment exhibited protective effects against MI through downregulation of HMGB1 and its related TLR4 and NF-kappa B expressions.
Increase of EPA-derived hydroxy, epoxy and dihydroxy fatty acid levels in human plasma after a single dose of long-chain omega-3 PUFA; Introduction: Several supplementation studies with long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) describe an increase of EPA-derived hydroxy, epoxy and dihydroxy fatty acids in blood, while changes in levels of other LC n-3 and n-6 PUFA-derived oxylipins were minor. In order to investigate the kinetics of changes in oxylipin levels in response to LC n-3 PUFA ingestion, we conducted a single dose treatment study with healthy subjects.
Daily Intake of Milk Enriched with n-3 Fatty Acids, Oleic Acid, and Calcium Improves Metabolic and Bone Biomarkers in Postmenopausal Women; Objective: Nutritional strategies can be effective for the prevention of menopause-related diseases, such as osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease. Our aim was to evaluate the effects of a dairy product enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids, calcium, oleic acid, and vitamins on cardiovascular markers and bone metabolism in postmenopausal women with moderate cardiovascular risk.Methods: One hundred seventeen healthy postmenopausal women (aged 45 7.7years) were allocated to 2 groups: the intervention group (IG; n = 63), who consumed 0.5 L/day of a low-lactose skimmed milk enriched with 40mg/100mL of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), 0.54g/100mL oleic acid, and vitamins, and the control group (CG; n = 54), who consumed 0.5 L/day of semiskimmed milk 0.5 L/day enriched with vitamins A and D.Results: After 12 months, in the IG there was an improvement in lipid profile: a -5.78% decrease in total cholesterol (p = 0.010), -9.79% (p = 0.004) in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, -9.56% (p < 0.001) in total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, and -3.38% in LDL/HDL ratio (p < 0.001). No changes were observed in the CG. In the IG we observed a decrease of -28.20% in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP; p = 0.012). There was no effect on bone turnover markers or serum osteoprotegerin (OPG) in either of the study groups. In the IG, receptor activator of nuclear factor B ligand (RANKL) was reduced -17.64% (p = 0.003), with no effect in the CG.Conclusion: In postmenopausal women with moderate cardiovascular risk, dietary supplementation with a dairy drink enriched with fatty acids (EPA+DHA), oleic acid, minerals, and vitamins induces a positive effect on cardiovascular risk and parameters of bone metabolism. Its regular consumption may be a useful nutritional support for postmenopausal women.
Effect of Dietary Supplements with ω-3 Fatty Acids, Ascorbic Acid, and Polyphenolic Antioxidant Flavonoid on Gene Expression, Organ Failure, and Mortality in Endotoxemia-Induced Septic Rats; Sepsis syndrome develops through enhanced secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS). Sepsis syndrome is characterized by vascular hyperpermeability, hypotension, multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), and increased mortality, among others. Endotoxemia-derived sepsis is an important cause of sepsis syndrome. During endotoxemia, circulating endotoxin interacts with endothelial cells (ECs), inducing detrimental effects on endothelium function. The endotoxin induces the conversion of ECs into fibroblasts, which are characterized by a massive change in the endothelial gene-expression pattern. This downregulates the endothelial markers and upregulates fibrotic proteins, mesenchymal transcription factors, and extracellular matrix proteins, producing endothelial fibrosis. Sepsis progression is modulated by the consumption of specific nutrients, including omega-3 fatty acids, ascorbic acid, and polyphenolic antioxidant flavonoids. However, the underlying mechanism is poorly described. The notion that gene expression is modulated during inflammatory conditions by nutrient consumption has been reported. However, it is not known whether nutrient consumption modulates the fibrotic endothelial gene-expression pattern during sepsis as a mechanism to decrease vascular hyperpermeability, hypotension, MODS, and mortality. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the impact of the consumption of dietary omega-3 fatty acids, ascorbic acid, and polyphenolic antioxidant flavonoid supplements on the modulation of fibrotic endothelial gene-expression patterns during sepsis and to determine the effects on sepsis outcomes. Our results indicate that the consumption of supplements based on omega-3 fatty acids and polyphenolic antioxidant flavonoids was effective for improving endotoxemia outcomes through prophylactic ingestion and therapeutic usage. Thus, our findings indicated that specific nutrient consumption improves sepsis outcomes and should be considered in treatment.
The Mechanism of Action and Potential Impact of Flaxseed on Gastrointestinal Manifestations in Cystic Fibrosis: A Narrative Review; Background: Cystic fibrosis (CF) is an inherited disease, which leads to death at a young age. No definite treatment has yet been found for CF. Therefore, it is important to find new therapeutic and medicinal approaches for CF. Flaxseed is an antioxidant dietary and anti-inflammatory supplement with a high omega-3 fatty acid content.
Protective role of n6/n3 PUFA supplementation with varying DHA/EPA ratios against atherosclerosis in mice; The effects of n3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on cardiovascular disease are controversial. We currently explored the effects of various ratios of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on high-fat-induced atherosclerosis. In model apoE(-/-) mice, high-fat diets (HFD) were partially replaced with fish and algal oils (DHA/EPA 2:1, 1:1 and 1:2) and/or plant oils enriched in linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids with an n6/n3 ratio of 4:1. PUFA supplementation significantly reduced the atherosclerotic plaque area, serum lipid profile, inflammatory response, aortic ROS production, proinflammatory factors and scavenger receptor expression as compared to those in the HFD group. However, plant oils did not have a significant effect on the following: serum HDL-C level; aortic ABCA1, ABCG1 and LAL mRNA expression; and CD36 and LOX-1 protein expression. Compared to the plant-oil-treated group, the DHA/EPA 1:1 group had a smaller atherosclerotic plaque area, higher serum HDL-C levels and lesser CD36 and MSR-1 mRNA expression; the DHA/EPA 2:1 group had lower serum TC, LDL-C and TNF-a levels and lower aortic ROS levels. Our study suggested that n3 PUFA from animals had more potent atheroprotective effects than that from plants. Supplementation involving higher DHA/EPA ratios and an n6/n3 ratio of 4:1 was beneficial for reducing serum "bad cholesterol" and a 1:1 DHA/EPA ratio with an n6/n3 ratio of 4:1 was beneficial for improving serum "good cholesterol" and inhibiting ox-LDL uptake. Our results suggest that achieving an n6/n3 ratio of 4:1 in the diet is also important in addition to having an optimal DHA/EPA ratio. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Blood pressure-lowering effects of long chain n-3 fatty acids from meals enriched with liquid fish oil and from microencapsulated powder; Background: Diet plays an important role in the etiology of hypertension. Blood pressure (BP)-lowering properties of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) are promising. The aim was to investigate whether different formulations of fish oil differently affect blood pressure in community-dwelling adults. The hypothesis was that fish oil formulations would improve BP in comparison with a placebo.Methods: In this 4-week randomized, placebo-controlled, doubly-blinded dietary intervention study, participants (N=99,>50 years) from the capital area of Iceland were randomized into three groups. Group 1 (n=38) received 6 meals/week fortified with a liquid fish oil and placebo powder. Group 2 (n=30) received conventional (unfortified) meals and microencapsulated powder. Group 3 (n=31) was the control group which received conventional meals and placebo powder. Calculated on a weekly basis, the amount of EPA+DHA provided was 1.5g/d. Systolic (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) were measured before and after the intervention period.Results: Seventy-seven subjects finished the study (77.8%). Drop-out rates were not different between groups. According to multivariate statistics, endpoint SBP was lower in Group 1 (-7.0mmHg, p=0.037) and in Group 2 (-7.2mmHg, p=0.037) as compared with Group 3. There was no significant difference in DBP between the groups.Conclusion: Our study shows that LC n-3 PUFA from microencapsulated powder are equally effective to meaningfully reduce SBP as LC n-3 PUFA from meals enriched with liquid fish oil in comparison with a control group.
Combined Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acid and Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on Oxidized LDL-C and Non-HDL-C Levels in People With Vitamin D Deficiency: A Randomized Controlled Trial; The present randomized clinical trial (RCT) was conducted on Jordanian participants with vitamin D deficiency (VDD) with no other medical conditions, to evaluate the combined effect of 1,25-dihydroxy vitamin D-3 (Vit.D-3) and omega-3 fatty acid (n-3FA) supplements (D+) on oxidized low-density lipoprotein (Ox-LDL) and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) levels as common predictors of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Participants were randomized into 4 groups as follows: a control group (C) that received no supplementations, a Vit.D-3 group that received 50,000 IU of Vit.D-3 every week, an n-3FA group that received 300 mg of omega-3 fatty acid every day, and a D+ group that received a combination of both supplements, with the same dosage administered by the previous groups but with a 4-6-hour time interval between Vit.D-3 and n-3FA administration to avoid any possible interaction. All supplementations were administered orally for 8 weeks. Forty-seven participants were allocated to each group. Twenty-six in the control group, 37 participants in the Vit.D-3 group, 37 participants in the n-3FA group, and 46 participants in the D+ group completed the study to the end. The D+ supplementations significantly increased non-HDL-C (118.99 +/- 60.98 to 155.26 +/- 43.36 mg/dL, P << 0.05) but decreased Ox-LDL-C levels (69.29 +/- 37.69 to 52.81 +/- 17.30 pg/mL, P = 0.03). The stepwise regression showed that the serum LDL-C level was the main independent variable involved in the elevation of non-HDL levels (R-2 = 0.837) observed at the end of the trial in the D+ group. The groups that were supplemented with either Vit.D-3 alone or n-3FA alone had an insignificant decrease in the level of Ox-LDL-C. In conclusion, despite the observed hyperlipidemic effect, the combination treatment is recommended by the research team because the decrease in Ox-LDL may offset the hyperlipidemic effect.
Dietary linolenic acid is associated with a lower prevalence of hypertension in the NHLBI Family Heart Study; Dietary linolenic acid has been shown to be associated with coronary artery disease. However, limited data are available on its effects on blood pressure. We used data from 4594 white participants ( aged 25 to 93 years) in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute ( NHLBI) Family Heart Study to evaluate whether dietary linolenic acid was associated with prevalent hypertension and resting blood pressure. We used generalized estimating equations to determine the prevalence odds ratios ( ORs) of hypertension and adjusted means of systolic and diastolic blood pressure across quartiles of linolenic acid. Mean dietary linolenic acid intake was 0.81 +/- 0.35 g per day for men and 0.69 +/- 0.29 g per day for women. From the lowest to the highest quartile of linolenic acid, multivariable adjusted ORs ( 95% confidence interval [ CI]) for hypertension were 1.0 ( reference), 0.73 ( 0.56 to 0.95), 0.71 ( 0.53 to 0.95), and 0.67 ( 0.47 to 0.96), respectively ( P for trend 0.04), controlling for age, sex, energy intake, body mass index, risk group, study site, education, smoking, alcohol intake, exercise, and history of coronary artery disease and diabetes mellitus. Dietary linolenic acid was related inversely to resting systolic ( P for trend 0.03) but not diastolic blood pressure ( P for trend 0.43). Linoleic acid, an omega- 6 fatty acid, was not associated with prevalent hypertension or blood pressure. These data suggest that dietary linolenic acid is associated with a lower prevalence of hypertension and lower systolic blood pressure in white subjects.
Comparison of eicosapentaenoic acid concentrations in plasma between patients with ischemic stroke and control subjects; Objective: omega-3 fatty acids, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), prevent ischemic stroke. However, the clinical importance of EPA for ischemic stroke and its subtype has not been fully elucidated.
ASCEND: A Study of Cardiovascular Events iN Diabetes: Characteristics of a randomized trial of aspirin and of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in 15,480 people with diabetes; Objectives The use of aspirin for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is firmly established, and the proportional reductions in heart attacks and strokes appear to be similar in people with and without diabetes. Uncertainty remains about the role of antiplatelet treatments for primary prevention of CVD, and guidelines vary in their recommendations. It has also been hypothesized that long-term aspirin can prevent gastro-intestinal and other cancers.
AGE-RELATED AND DIETARY-RELATED DISTRIBUTIONS OF HEPATIC ARACHIDONIC AND DOCOSAHEXAENOIC ACID IN EARLY INFANCY; A dietary-related deficiency of docosahexaenoic acid [C22:6(n-3)] in infant cerebral cortex has been identified. Absence or very low rates of hepatic synthesis from the essential fatty acid precursor, alpha-linolenic acid [C18:3(n-3)], in early life may have been a contributory factor. We have analyzed liver total lipid fatty acid compositions in 27 term (37-42 wk gestation) and 4 preterm (30-33 wk gestation) infants who died within the first 6 mo of life from sudden infant death syndrome. The infants were fed exclusively either human or formula milks. Formula-fed infants were subdivided into two groups, one receiving SMA milk with an alpha-linolenic acid content at 1.5% of total fatty acids and the other a composite group fed milks with low alpha-linolenic acid concentrations (<0,1% to 0.4%). The hepatic content of arachidonic acid [C20:4(n-6)] and docosahexaenoic acid was generally lower in both formula-fed groups than the human milk-fed group. The age-related distributions of docosahexaenoic acid showed that coincident minimum levels were present in both formula groups in the third month of life. This may indicate that the hepatic enzymes involved in the final stage (Delta 4-desaturation) conversion of alpha-linolenic acid to docosahexaenoic acid could be inactive in the first months of life. Emphasis must be on provision of preformed dietary docosahexaenoic acid and possibly arachidonic acid as well as their essential fatty acid precursors, to both term and preterm infants for at least the first 16 wk of life.
n-3 Fatty acids decrease colonic epithelial cell proliferation in high-risk bowel mucosa; The n-3 fatty acids (C20:5, eicosapentaenoic acid; C22:6, docosahexaenoic acid) may be important in the development, growth, and metastasis of colon cancer, a leading cause of death in North America. Patients who have had a bowel neoplasm have a high risk of developing a second neoplasm, and this risk is associated with a high percentage of cells correspond to the S phase of bromodeoxyuridine (BrdUrd) labeling in mucosal epithelial cells. To determine the effect of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on DNA synthesis of rectal mucosa, patients with stage 1 or stage 2 colon carcinoma or adenomatous polyps were randomized to consume either 9 g/d n-3 fatty acid capsules or 9 g/d placebo capsules. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid analysis and proctoscopic mucosal biopsies were performed at baseline, 3, and 6 mon. Colonic crypts were isolated from the mucosa, disassociated with enzymes, and incubated with BrdUrd, and %S phase was measured by flow cytometry. The plasma phospholipid n-6/n-3 ratio was determined by gas chromatography. Supplement compliance was assessed by plasma phospholipid n-6/n-3 ratio. Mean capsule consumption in these two group was 82%. Prior to supplementation, there were no significant differences in the %S phase and the plasma n-6/n-3 ratio between these groups. Patients whose colonic epithelial cells indicated hyperproliferation at baseline showed a strongly positive correlation to the %S phase of BrdUrd uptake and the n-6/n-3 ratio. There was no significant change after n-3 treatment in patients with low baseline. Those in the placebo group showed no significant difference in n-6/n-3 ratio, although there was an increase in the %S phase of BrdUrd uptake at 6 mon. The n-3 group did not have significant side effects, and polyps were not found after completing 12 mon of n-3 fatty acid supplementation. This study suggests that n-3 fatty acid may be a useful chemopreventive agent in some patients as reflected in a plasma biomarker of colon tumor growth and metastasis. A low plasma phospholipid n-6/n3 fatty acid ratio may serve as a nutritional marker that is associated with colonic epithelial cell hyperproliferation in the n-3-supplemented group as compared with the placebo group. Characteristics of mucosal proliferation at baseline may be a crucial factor for the effect of n-3 fatty acid supplementation.
Incremental replacement of saturated fats by n-3 fatty acids in high-fat, high-cholesterol diets reduces elevated plasma lipid levels and arterial lipoprotein lipase, macrophages and atherosclerosis in LDLR-/- mice; Objective: Effects of progressive substitution of dietary n-3 fatty acids ( FA) for saturated FA ( SAT) on modulating risk factors for atherosclerosis have not been fully defined. Our previous reports demonstrate that SAT increased, but n-3 FA decreased, arterial lipoprotein lipase (LpL) levels and arterial LDL-cholesterol deposition early in atherogenesis. We now questioned whether incremental increases in dietary n-3 FA can counteract SAT-induced pro-atherogenic effects in atherosclerosis-prone LDL-receptor knockout (LDLR-/-) mice and have identified contributing mechanisms.
Acetaminophen-induced liver injury is attenuated in transgenic <i>fat-1</i> mice endogenously synthesizing long-chain n-3 fatty acids; Acetaminophen (APAP) overdose-induced hepatotoxicity is the most commonly cause of drug-induced liver failure characterized by oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and cell damage. Therapeutic efficacy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) in several models of liver disease is well documented. However, the impacts of n-3 PUFA on APAP hepatotoxicity are not adequately addressed. In this study, the fat-1 transgenic mice that synthesize endogenous n-3 PUFA and wild type (WT) littermates were injected intraperitoneally with APAP at the dose of 400 mg/kg to induce liver injury, and euthanized at 0h, 2h, 4h and 6h post APAP injection for sampling. APAP overdose caused severe liver injury in WT mice as indicated by serum parameters, histopathological changes and hepatocyte apoptosis, which were remarkably ameliorated in fat-1 mice. These pro tective effects of n-3 PUFA were associated with regulation of the prolonged JNK activation via inhibition of apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASKl)/mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 4 (MKK4) pathway. Additionally, the augment of endogenous n-3 PUFA reduced nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kB) - mediated in flammation response induced by APAP treatment in the liver. These findings indicate that n-3 PUFA has potent protective effects against APAP-induced acute liver injury, suggesting that n-3 dietary supplement with n-3 PUFA may be a potential therapeutic strategy for the treatment of hepatotoxicity induced by APAP overdose.
Disrupted fatty acid distribution in HDL and LDL according to apolipoprotein E allele; Objectives: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega-3 PUFA) metabolism seems to be disrupted in carriers of the epsilon 4 allele of apolipoprotein E (E4+). The objective of this study was to investigate whether the w-3 PUFA distribution in the high and low density lipoproteins is APOE-genotype dependant before and after supplementation with omega-3 PUFAs.
Plant- and marine-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have differential effects on fasting and postprandial blood lipid concentrations and on the susceptibility of LDL to oxidative modification in moderately hyperlipidemic subjects; Background: Dietary a-linolenic acid (ALA) can be converted to long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in humans and may reproduce some of the beneficial effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Designer Eggs with an Increased Content of Omega-3 fatty Acids and Pigments - Production and Health Benefits of their Consumption; Designed-enriched products have been recently one of the most interesting areas of research and innovation in the animal production and food industry. These products are considered functional foods and contain ingredients that have beneficial physiological effects on human health. Designed or enriched eggs are an important type of functional food in poultry production. Demand for functional foods in the market has been increasing in recent years. Due to the increased interest of people in buying designed products, there is a production adjustment in the poultry industry. Composition change of laying hens feed affects nutritional composition change of eggs as well as their quality preservation. This process can an effect of the change in the concentration of cholesterol and its fractions, fatty acids, and pigments in eggs. It is evident from the relevant scientific literature that designer eggs consumption can have a positive effect on human health. Therefore, the aim of this paper is to describe different concepts of designer eggs production and emphasize the health benefits of their consumption in humans.
Association between Seafood Intake and Cardiovascular Disease in South Korean Adults: A Community-Based Prospective Cohort Study; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common non-communicable diseases causing 18.6 million deaths worldwide. Several studies have revealed that seafood consumption has a protective effect against CVD. This study investigated the correlation between CVD and seafood intake based on a 10-year follow-up of the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES). The study population, which included 6565 adults age, 55.65 (+/- 8.68), was divided into seafood intake-based tertiles. CVD included myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, cerebrovascular disease, and peripheral vascular disease. At baseline, participants with low seafood intake also had low eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intakes. Prospectively, hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for CVD were analyzed using Cox proportional hazards regression models. Seafood intake exhibited a significantly inverse relationship with the cumulative CVD incidence over 10 years regardless of sex (women: log-rank test p < 0.001 and men: log-rank test p < 0.0401). The longitudinal association of low seafood intake with the CVD risk was significantly stronger in female participants after adjusting for confounding variables (HR (95% confidence interval (CI)) = 0.718 (0.519-0.993) p-trend = 0.043). These results suggested that seafood consumption potentially ameliorates CVD risk in middle-aged adults.
Maternal and neonatal dietary intake of balanced n-6/n-3 fatty acids modulates experimental colitis in young adult rats; The imbalance of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the maternal diet impairs intestinal barrier development and sensitizes the colon response to inflammatory insults in the young rats. With a view to overcoming this issue, we designed this study to investigate the effect of maternal and neonatal intake of different proportions of n-6/n-3 fatty acids on colon inflammation in the young adult rats.
Modulation of vigabatrin induced cerebellar injury: the role of caspase-3 and RIPK1/RIPK3-regulated cell death pathways; Vigabatrin is the drug of choice in resistant epilepsy and infantile spasms. Ataxia, tremors, and abnormal gait have been frequently reported following its use indicating cerebellar involvement. This study aimed, for the first time, to investigate the involvement of necroptosis and apoptosis in the VG-induced cerebellar cell loss and the possible protective role of combined omega-3 and vitamin B12 supplementation. Fifty Sprague-Dawley adult male rats (160-200 g) were divided into equal five groups: the control group received normal saline, VG200 and VG400 groups received VG (200 mg or 400 mg/kg, respectively), VG200 + OB and VG400 + OB groups received combined VG (200 mg or 400 mg/kg, respectively), vitamin B12 (1 mg/kg), and omega-3 (1 g/kg). All medications were given daily by gavage for four weeks. Histopathological changes were examined in H&E and luxol fast blue (LFB) stained sections. Immunohistochemical staining for caspase-3 and receptor-interacting serine/threonine-protein kinase-1 (RIPK1) as well as quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) for myelin basic protein (MBP), caspase-3, and receptor-interacting serine/threonine-protein kinase-3 (RIPK3) genes were performed. VG caused a decrease in the granular layer thickness and Purkinje cell number, vacuolations, demyelination, suppression of MBP gene expression, and induction of caspases-3, RIPK1, and RIPK3 in a dose-related manner. Combined supplementation with B12 and omega-3 improved the cerebellar histology, increased MBP, and decreased apoptotic and necroptotic markers. In conclusion, VG-induced neuronal cell loss is dose-dependent and related to both apoptosis and necroptosis. This could either be ameliorated (in low-dose VG) or reduced (in high-dose VG) by combined supplementation with B12 and omega-3.
Lack of initiation activity of 4-oxo-2-hexenal, a peroxidation product generated from ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, in an <i>in vivo</i> five-week liver assay; Peroxidation products formed from polyunsaturated lipids have DNA damaging potential. 4-oxo-2-hexenal (4-OHE), generated by the oxidation of omega-3 fatty acids, has been demonstrated to be mutagenic in vitro as assessed in the Ames test. To examine the carcinogenic risk of 4-OHE in vivo, initiation activity was investigated in five-week liver assay, established to be effective for screening of carcinogenic potential of mutagens. Seven-week-old male F344 rats underwent two-thirds partial hepatectomy (PH) and were administered 4-OHE intragastrically at doses of 128, 80, 64, 40, 32, 20, or 0 mg/kg body weight (b.w.) at 18 hours thereafter, then being fed on diet containing 0.015% 2-acetylaminofluorene from weeks 2 to 4. All rats were given with 0.8 ml/kg b.w. CCl4 at week 3. At week 5, all survivors were sacrificed and initiation activity was assessed with reference to induction of glutathione S-transferase placental form (GST-P) positive foci in the liver. Mortality was significantly increased to 72.7% in the 128 mg/kg b.w. dose group compared with 0.9% in the control group. However, the average number of GST-P positive foci in the "128" dose group was 3.26 +/- 1.66 foci/cm(2), not significantly different from the control value (2.78 +/- 1.33). Areas of GST-P positive foci were also similar (1.11 +/- 0.5 and 1.53 +/- 1.33 mm(2)/cm(2) in "128" and the control groups, respectively). These results showed 4-OHE to have no significant initiation activity in vivo.
Higher plasma docosahexaenoic acid is associated with reduced progression of coronary atherosclerosis in women with CAD; Fish intake, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and in some cases a-linolenic acid ( ALA) have been associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular events and death. The association between n(-3) fatty acids in plasma lipids and the progression of coronary artery atherosclerosis was assessed among women with established coronary artery disease ( CAD). A prospective cohort study involved postmenopausal women (n = 5 228) participating in the Estrogen Replacement and Atherosclerosis Trial. Quantitative coronary angiography was performed at baseline and after 3.2 +/- 0.6 ( mean +/- SD) years. Women with plasma phospholipid (PL) DHA levels above the median, compared with below, exhibited less atherosclerosis progression, as expressed by decline in minimum coronary artery diameter (20.04 +/- 0.02 and 20.10 +/- 0.02 mm, respectively; P = 0.007) or increase in percentage stenosis (1.34 +/- 0.76% and 3.75 +/- 0.74%, respectively; P = 0.006), and had fewer new lesions [2.0% (0.5-3.5%) of measured segments (95% confidence interval) and 4.2% (2.8-5.6%), respectively; P = 0.009] after adjustments for cardiovascular risk factors. Similar results were observed for DHA in the triglycerides (TGs). EPA and ALA in plasma lipids were not significantly associated with atherosclerosis progression. Consistent with higher reported fish intake, higher levels of plasma TG and PL DHA are associated with less progression of coronary atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women with CAD.
Sociodemographic, Anthropometric, and Dietary Predictors of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Adipose Tissue Among Mesoamerican Children and Their Parents; Background: Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake is low throughout Latin America. Improving PUFA status could be an effective intervention against chronic disease, but information on sociodemographic and dietary patterning of PUFA status in the region is limited. Objective: To characterize sociodemographic, anthropometric, and dietary predictors of PUFA status biomarkers in adipose tissue among children and their parents from Mesoamerica. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of 220 children aged 7 to 12 years and 471 parents from capital cities of Guatemala, El Salvador, the Dominican Republic, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Costa Rica, and Belize, as well as Tuxtla Gutierrez in Mexico. The PUFA from gluteal adipose tissue was quantified using gas chromatography. Participants reported sociodemographic information and the type of vegetable oil used for cooking. We estimated percent mean differences in linoleic acid (LA), total long-chain n-6 PUFA (n-6 LCPUFA), alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), and total long-chain n-3 PUFA (n-3 LCPUFA) between levels of predictors using multivariable-adjusted linear regression models. Results: Country was the strongest predictor of any PUFA, whereas body mass index was positively associated with n-6 LCPUFA in children and adults. Cooking primarily with soybean oil was positively associated with LA in children and adults and ALA in adults. Cooking with canola oil was positively related to n-6 LCPUFA in adults and n-3 LCPUFA in children and adults. Cooking with palm oil was associated with low adipose tissue levels of all n-6 and n-3 PUFA. Conclusions: Adipose tissue PUFA status in Mesoamerica is associated with country of origin and the type of oil used for cooking.
Fish Oil Attenuates Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid-Induced Dysbiosis and Infectious Colitis but Impairs LPS Dephosphorylation Activity Causing Sepsis; Clinically, excessive omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and inadequate omega-3 PUFA have been associated with enhanced risks for developing ulcerative colitis. In rodent models, omega-3 PUFAs have been shown to either attenuate or exacerbate colitis in different studies. We hypothesized that a high omega-6: omega-3 PUFA ratio would increase colitis susceptibility through the microbe-immunity nexus. To address this, we fed post-weaned mice diets rich in omega-6 PUFA (corn oil) and diets supplemented with omega-3 PUFA (corn oil+fish oil) for 5 weeks. We evaluated the intestinal microbiota, induced colitis with Citrobacter rodentium and followed disease progression. We found that omega-6 PUFA enriched the microbiota with Enterobacteriaceae, Segmented Filamentous Bacteria and Clostridia spp., all known to induce inflammation. During infection-induced colitis, omega-6 PUFA fed mice had exacerbated intestinal damage, immune cell infiltration, prostaglandin E2 expression and C. rodentium translocation across the intestinal mucosae. Addition of omega-3 PUFA on a high omega-6 PUFA diet, reversed inflammatory-inducing microbial blooms and enriched beneficial microbes like Lactobacillus and Bifidobacteria, reduced immune cell infiltration and impaired cytokine/chemokine induction during infection. While, omega-3 PUFA supplementation protected against severe colitis, these mice suffered greater mortality associated with sepsis-related serum factors such as LPS binding protein, IL-15 and TNF-alpha. These mice also demonstrated decreased expression of intestinal alkaline phosphatase and an inability to dephosphorylate LPS. Thus, the colonic microbiota is altered differentially through varying PUFA composition, conferring altered susceptibility to colitis. Overall, omega-6 PUFA enriches pro-inflammatory microbes and augments colitis; but prevents infection-induced systemic inflammation. In contrast, omega-3 PUFA supplementation reverses the effects of the omega-6 PUFA diet but impairs infection-induced responses resulting in sepsis. We conclude that as an anti-inflammatory agent, omega-3 PUFA supplementation during infection may prove detrimental when host inflammatory responses are critical for survival.
Intakes of Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acid Associated with Reduced Risk for Death from Coronary Heart Disease in Healthy Adults; Numerous organizations and national health agencies have begun to recommend consumption of the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA and DHA), respectively, in pill or fish form for general cardiovascular health. The purpose of this article is to present a rationale for an official target intake of 400 to 500 mg/d of EPA + DHA in the United States. Six epidemiologic studies reporting EPA + DHA intake and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) death have been conducted in the United States, and five studies reported statistically significant inverse trends. Meta-analysis of these data showed a significant dose-response relationship between risk for CHD death and intake (P = 0.03), with relative risk reductions of 37% at an average EPA + DHA intake of 566 mg/d. Coincidentally, two servings per week of oily fish (the current American Heart Association recommendation) would provide 400 to 500 mg/d. We conclude, therefore, that an intake of 400 to 500 mg/d of EPA + DHA is achievable by diet alone and would be expected to significantly reduce risk for death from CHD in healthy adults.
(n-3) Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids prolong survival following myocardial infarction in rats; Many clinical studies report that (n-3) PUFAs decrease the incidence of sudden death in patients with coronary artery disease after myocardial infarction (MI). However, the mechanisms for the beneficial effects of (n-3) PUFAs are unknown. The objectives of the present study were to confirm the findings from clinical trials using an animal model of MI in which dietary intake could be closely controlled and to utilize the model to investigate molecular mechanisms for the beneficial effects of (n-3) PUFAs. Male rats were subjected to coronary ligation to induce MI and were randomly assigned to diets high in (n-6) (58% of lipid) or (n-3) (28% of lipid) PUFAs for 6 mo. A diet high in (n-3) PUFAs was associated with an improvement in 6-mo survival (89.2% vs. 64.9%, P = 0.013) compared with rats consuming a diet high in (n-6) PUFAs (n = 37/group). In a separate study (n = 5 rats/diet group), the (n-3) PUFA diet decreased the (n-6):(n-3) PUFA ratio in plasma (0.6 +/- 0.1 vs. 7.9 +/- 1.8, P < 0.05) and cardiac tissue (0.9 +/- 0.1 vs. 11.8 +/- 1.6, P < 0.05) of rats fed for 4 wk. The increased survival in the (n-3) diet group was associated with decreased cardiac activities of protein kinase A and calcium calmodulin-dependent kinase II by 33-38% (P < 0.05) and a 28% decrease (P < 0.05) in phosphorylation (activation) of the ryanodine receptor calcium release channel. Based upon our results, we speculate that decreased activities of protein kinases induced by diets high in (n-3) PUFAs are associated with a decrease in sudden death after MI in rats.
Gender-specific inhibition of platelet aggregation following omega-3 fatty acid supplementation; Background and Aims: Increased platelet aggregation is a major risk factor for heart attacks, stroke and thrombosis. Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA; eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; docosahexaenoic acid, DHA) reduce platelet aggregation; however studies in the published literature involving EPA and/or DHA supplementation have yielded equivocal results. Recent in vitro studies have demonstrated that inhibition of platelet aggregation by LCn-3PUFA is gender specific. We examined the acute effects of dietary supplementation with EPA or DHA rich oils on platelet aggregation in healthy male and females.
Folate administration increases n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in rat plasma and tissue lipids; It has been shown that folic acid deficiency can modify polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) metabolism and thus could contribute to the development of cardiovascular diseases. We have studied the effect of folate administration on fatty acid composition of plasma, platelet, erythrocyte, intestinal and liver lipids. Two groups of rats were daily injected with either saline solution (control group) or 5-methyl-tetrahydrofolate (MTHF) solution (MTHF group) for 15 days. Changes induced by folate treatment on n-6 PUFA were not very significant. Linoleic acid only decreased in liver and intestinal phospholipids of MTHF rats whereas arachidonic acid was unaffected by folate administration. However, n-3 PUFA significantly increased in plasma lipid fractions and in platelet, erythrocyte and intestinal phospholipids. It is well known that n-3 PUFA show antithrombotic properties. Thus, the increase of n-3 PUFA observed after MTHF administration might contribute to the prevention of vascular disorders.
EFFECT OF INCREASING THE DIETARY (N-3) TO (N-6) POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACID RATIO ON MURINE LIVER AND PERITONEAL CELL FATTY-ACIDS AND EICOSANOID FORMATION; An incremental increase in the dietary (n-3):(n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio from O to 1.93 in diets containing 15% fat (wt/wt) decreased the total (n-6) PUFA content of phospholipids of the liver and peritoneal cells (macrophage) in mice from 43.1 and 33.6 mol/100 mol to 16.0 and 12.3 mol/100 mol with a concomitant increase of 27.6 and 16.1 mol/100 mol in (n-3) PUFA, respectively.  Consumption of (n-3) PUFA increased hepatic (n-3) PUFA levels without changing total PUFA (46.35 vs. 46.87 mol/100 mol), whereas macrophage PUFA levels were decreased.  The synthesis of sulfidopeptide leukotreines (SP-LT) (LTC4 and LTE4) was progressively reduced by increasing dietary (n-3) PUFA, i.e., there was a reduction of 76% in mice fed a diet containing a (n-3):(n-6) PUFA ratio of 1.93 compared with the control diet.  The 5-series SP-LT (LTC5 and LTF5) were produced in all animals consuming (n-3) PUFA and accounted for 62% of all SP-LT synthesized in mice fed the diet containing a 1.93 (n-3):(n-6) PUFA ratio.  Synthesis of 6-keto-prostaglandin F1-alpha decreased 81% in mice fed a diet containing a (n-3):(n-6) PUFA ratio of 1.93 whereas prostaglandin E2 synthesis decreased 44% in mice fed diets with (n-3):(n-6) ratios ranging from 0.41 to 1.93.
The effect of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids on physical function, exercise, and joint replacement in patients with coronary artery disease: A secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Poor physical function impairs fitness and exercise and is associated with worse cardiovascular outcomes and all-cause mortality. Joint pain and stiffness limit physical function.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in the food supply in the united states: Current trends and health implications; Dietary recommendations continue to evolve as we gain a better understanding of the health effects of nutrient components of the diet. The optimal levels of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in the diet for optimal growth and development, as well as for reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and other chronic conditions, has been the subject of significant scientific interest. In the United States, the recommended intake of n-6 PUFA (i.e., linoleic acid, LA) has been set at 1-2% of energy (en%). To date, no official recommendations have been made for n-3 PUFA in the United States, whereas other countries have adopted a variety of recommendations to increase n-3 PUFA intake. The intake of n-6 PUFA in the United States is approximately 16 g/d (6.5 en%), and for n-3 PUFA it is 1.6 g/d (0.7 en%), of which 1.2 g is alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and 0.1-0.2 g is eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Recently, expert scientists have recommended an increase in n-3 PUFA intake, with ALA being set at 2.2 g/d (1 en%) and that of EPA and DHA being 0.65 g/d, and have recommended a reduction in n-6 PUFA intake to 2 en% (upper limit, 3 en%). Attaining the n-3 PUFA goals would require a fourfold increase in EPA and DHA intake and a twofold increase in ALA intake. Soybean and canola oils are the primary sources of LA and ALA in the U.S. diet, whereas EPA and DHA are derived predominantly from fish. Factors such as oil processing, cultivars with lower ALA contents, growing regions, and climatic conditions have the potential to influence n-3 PUFA dietary status. Alternative strategies such as food enrichment and biotechnology will become increasingly important in increasing intake of EPA, DHA, and ALA in the U.S. population.
Acetate-encapsulated Linolenic Acid Liposomes Reduce SARS-CoV-2 and RSV Infection; Emergent Coronaviridae viruses, such as SARS-CoV-1 in 2003, MERS-CoV in 2012, and SARS-CoV-2 (CoV-2) in 2019, have caused millions of deaths. These viruses have added to the existing respiratory infection burden along with respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and influenza. There are limited therapies for respiratory viruses, with broad-spectrum treatment remaining an unmet need. Since gut fermentation of fiber produces short-chain fatty acids (SCFA) with antiviral potential, developing a fatty acid-based broad-spectrum antiviral was investigated. Molecular docking of fatty acids showed & alpha;-linolenic acid (ALA) is likely to interact with CoV-2-S, NL63-CoV-S, and RSV-F, and an ALA-containing liposome interacted with CoV-2 directly, degrading the particle. Furthermore, a combination of ALA and a SCFA-acetate synergistically inhibited CoV2-N expression and significantly reduced viral plaque formation and IL-6 and IL-1 & beta; transcript expression in Calu-3 cells, while increasing the expression of IFN-& beta;. A similar effect was also observed in RSV-infected A549 cells. Moreover, mice infected with a murine-adapted SARS-CoV-2 (MA10) and treated with an ALA-liposome encapsulating acetate showed significant reductions in plaque-forming units present in lung tissue and in infection-associated lung inflammation and cytokines. Taken together, these results demonstrate that the ALA liposome-encapsulating acetate can be a promising broad antiviral therapy against respiratory infections.
Cardioprotection against ischaemia/reperfusion by vitamins C and E plus <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids: molecular mechanisms and potential clinical applications; The role of oxidative stress in ischaemic heart disease has been thoroughly investigated in humans. Increased levels of ROS (reactive oxygen species) and RNS (reactive nitrogen species) have been demonstrated during ischaemia and post-ischaemic reperfusion in humans. Depending on their concentrations, these reactive species can act either as benevolent molecules that promote cell survival (at low-to-moderate concentrations) or can induce irreversible cellular damage and death (at high concentrations). Although high ROS levels can induce NF-kappa B (nuclear factor kappa B) activation, inflammation, apoptosis or necrosis, low-to-moderate levels can enhance the antioxidant response, via Nrf2 (nuclear factor-erythroid 2-related factor 2) activation. However, a clear definition of these concentration thresholds remains to be established. Although a number of experimental studies have demonstrated that oxidative stress plays a major role in heart ischaemia/reperfusion pathophysiology, controlled clinical trials have failed to prove the efficacy of antioxidants in acute or long-term treatments of ischaemic heart disease. Oral doses of vitamin C are not sufficient to promote ROS scavenging and only down-regulate their production via NADPH oxidase, a biological effect shared by vitamin E to abrogate oxidative stress. However, infusion of vitamin C at doses high enough to achieve plasma levels of 10 mmol/l should prevent superoxide production and the pathophysiological cascade of deleterious heart effects. In turn, n - 3 PUFA (polyunsaturated fatty acid) exposure leads to enhanced activity of antioxidant enzymes. In the present review, we present evidence to support the molecular basis for a novel pharmacological strategy using these antioxidant vitamins plus n - 3 PUFAs for cardioprotection in clinical settings, such as post-operative atrial fibrillation, percutaneous coronary intervention following acute myocardial infarction and other events that are associated with ischaemia/reperfusion.
Omega-3 and-6 Fatty Acid Intake and Colorectal Cancer Risk in Swedish Women's Lifestyle and Health Cohort; Purpose
Chia seed (<i>Salvia hispanica L</i>.) effects and their molecular mechanisms on unbalanced diet experimental studies: A systematic review; The aim of this review was to compile evidence and understand chia seed effects on unbalanced diet animal studies and the molecular mechanisms on metabolic biomarker modulation. A systematic review was conducted in electronic databases, following PRISMA recommendations. Risk of bias and quality was assessed using SYRCLE toll and ARRIVE guidelines. Seventeen articles were included. Throughout the studies, chia's main effects are associated with AMPK modulation: improvement of glucose and insulin tolerance, lipogenesis, antioxidant activity, and inflammation. Details about randomization and allocation concealment were insufficient, as well as information about blind protocols. Sample size, chia dose, and number of animals evaluated for each parameter were found to be lacking information among the studies. Based on experimental study data, chia has bioactive potential, and its daily consumption may reduce the risk of chronic disease development, mainly due to the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, hypoglycemic, and hypolipidemic effects of the seed. Practical Application The consumption of chia seeds may improve lipid profile, insulin and glucose tolerance, and reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Whole seed or its oil presents positive effect, but the effects of chia oil can act faster than the seed.
Fish oil in the treatment of dyslipidemia; Purpose of review
Effect of N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Lipid Composition in Familial Hypercholesterolemia: A Randomized Crossover Trial; Individuals with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Treatment is mainly low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) reduction. How omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) supplements affect lipoproteins in FH subjects is unknown. We hypothesized that a high-dose n-3 PUFA supplement would reduce atherogenic lipoproteins and influence the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) function. We performed a randomized, double-blinded crossover study with 34 genetically verified FH individuals (18-75 years, clinically stable, statin treatment > 12 months). Treatment was 4 g n-3 PUFAs (1840 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 1520 mg docosahexaenoic acid daily) or four capsules of olive oil for three months in a crossover design with a washout period of three months. The defined outcomes were changes in triglycerides, lipoproteins, lipoprotein subfractions, apolipoproteins, and HDL-C function. After treatment with n-3 PUFAs, total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides were reduced compared to placebo (p <= 0.01 for all). Total HDL-C levels were unchanged, but the subfraction of large HDL-C was higher (p <= 0.0001) after n-3 PUFAs than after placebo, and intermediate HDL-C and small HDL-C were reduced after n-3 PUFAs compared to placebo (p = 0.02 and p <= 0.001, respectively). No changes were found in apolipoproteins and HDL-C function. N-3 PUFAs supplements reduced atherogenic lipoproteins in FH subjects, leaving HDL-C function unaffected.
Potential Modulation of Inflammation and Physical Function by Combined Probiotics, Omega-3 Supplementation and Vitamin D Supplementation in Overweight/Obese Patients with Chronic Low-Grade Inflammation: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Obesity is characterized by low-grade inflammation and increased gut permeability. Here, we aim to evaluate the effect of a nutritional supplement on these parameters in subjects with overweight and obesity. A double-blinded, randomized clinical trial was conducted in 76 adults with overweight or obesity (BMI 28 to 40) and low-grade inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) between 2 and 10 mg/L). The intervention consisted of a daily intake of a multi-strain probiotic of Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium, 640 mg of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs), and 200 IU of vitamin D (n = 37) or placebo (n = 39), administered for 8 weeks. hs-CRP levels did not change post-intervention, other than an unexpected slight increase observed in the treatment group. Interleukin (IL)-6 levels decreased in the treatment group (p = 0.018). The plasma fatty acid (FA) levels of the arachidonic acid (AA)/eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ratio and n-6/n-3 ratio (p < 0.001) decreased, and physical function and mobility improved in the treatment group (p = 0.006). The results suggest that hs-CRP may not be the most useful inflammatory marker, but probiotics, n-3 FAs, and vitamin D, as non-pharmaceutical supplements, may exert modest effects on inflammation, plasma FA levels, and physical function in patients with overweight and obesity and associated low-grade inflammation.
Immunonutrition with Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in Severe TBI: Retrospective Analysis of Patient Characteristics and Outcomes; Early evidence-based medical interventions to improve patient outcomes after traumatic brain injury (TBI) are lacking. In patients admitted to the ICU after TBI, optimization of nutrition is an emerging field of interest. Specialized enteral nutrition (EN) formulas that include immunonutrition containing omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been developed and are used for their proposed anti-inflammatory and proimmune properties; however, their use has not been rigorously studied in human TBI populations. A single-center, retrospective, descriptive observational study was conducted at the LAC + USC Medical Center. Patients with severe TBI (sTBI, Glasgow Coma Scale score <= 8) who remained in the ICU for >= 2 weeks and received EN were identified between 2017 and 2022 using the institutional trauma registry. Those who received immunonutrition formulas containing n-3 PUFAs were compared with those who received standard, polymeric EN with regard to baseline characteristics, clinical markers of inflammation and immune function, and short-term clinical outcomes. A total of 151 patients with sTBI were analyzed. Those who received immunonutrition with n-3 PUFA supplementation were more likely to be male, younger, Hispanic/Latinx, and have polytrauma needing non-central nervous system surgery. No differences in clinical markers of inflammation or infection rate were found. In multivariate regression analysis, immunonutrition was associated with reduced hospital length of stay (LOS). ICU LOS was also reduced in the subgroup of patients with polytrauma and TBI. This study identifies important differences in patient characteristics and outcomes associated with the EN formula prescribed. Study results can directly inform a prospective pragmatic study of immunonutrition with n-3 PUFA supplementation aimed to confirm the biomechanistic and clinical benefits of the intervention.
Impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid degradation on survival and acidification activity of freeze-dried <i>Weissella paramesenteroides</i> LC11 during storage; The impact of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) degradation on the survival and acidification activity of freeze-dried Weissella paramesenteroides LC11 was investigated over 90-days storage at 4 degrees C or 20 degrees C in vacuum-sealed aluminium foil or glass tubes with two water activities (a (w)=0.11 or 0.23). Colony counts, acidification activity (% lactic acid/g), linoleic/palmitic (18:2/16:0) or linolenic/palmitic (18:3/16:0) ratio by gas chromatography and 18:2 or 18:3 oxylipins by reversed phase-high performance liquid chromatography were determined. The viable cells, acidification activity and 18:2/16:0 or 18:3/16:0 ratio decreased as the storage time increased. The survival, acidification activity and 18:2/16:0 or 18:3/16:0 ratio were greatest for the freeze-dried strain held in vacuum-sealed aluminium foil at 4 degrees C. The 18:2/16:0 or 18:3/16:0 ratio decrease was correlated with the accumulation of 18:2 or 18:3 oxylipins during storage in glass tubes. Hydroperoxy PUFAs, hydroxy PUFAs, divinyl ether PUFAs and oxo PUFAs were the main oxylipins identified. A large decrease in the 18:2/16:0 or 18:3/16:0 ratio and a rapid accumulation of oxylipins during storage might be enough to cause high cell death and loss of metabolic activity. These results provide further experimental support for the hypothesis that lipid oxidation and survival or activity of freeze-dried bacteria might be related.
Triglyceride-lowering therapy for the prevention of cardiovascular events, stroke, and mortality in patients with diabetes: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and aims: Triglyceride (TG)-lowering therapy is efficient for the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the general population; however, for diabetic individuals, it is more controversial. The purpose of this study was to pool the results from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to clarify whether the lowering of TG is beneficial for the prevention of CVD events, stroke, and mortality in subjects with diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE, Web of Science, EMBASE, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Cochrane Central Register for Controlled Trials were searched to identify the relevant literature. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to assess the association of triglyceride-lowering therapy with the prevention of CVD events, stroke, and mortality in diabetic patients. Results: Overall, 19 studies were included in this meta-analysis. Compared with the control groups, TG lowering was associated with a decreased risk of CVD events (RR = 0.91, 95% CI 0.87-0.95, p = 0.000) and CVD mortality (RR = 0.93, 95% CI 0.86-1.00, p = 0.047). There was no significant correlation between TG-lowering therapy and the incidence of stroke and all-cause mortality (RR = 0.93, 95% CI 0.86-1.02, p = 0.129 and RR = 0.97, 95% CI 0.93-1.01, p = 0.107, respectively). Subgroup analysis showed that the decreased CVD risk resulting from TGlowering therapy was independent of age, sex, region, duration of follow-up, degree of TG reduction and glycemic control. Conclusions: TG-lowering therapy is associated with a reduction in CVD events and cardiovascular-specific mortality, but not in stroke and all-cause mortality. Future large, multicenter RCTs will further confirm these conclusions.
Plasma fatty acids and kidney function decline in post-myocardial infarction patients of the Alpha Omega Cohort; Background and aims: Age-related kidney function decline is accelerated in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). CHD and chronic kidney disease may share common etiologies. We examined plasma fatty acids (FAs) as novel biomarkers of kidney function decline after myocardial infarction (MI). Methods and results: The analysis included 2329 Dutch post-MI patients aged 60-80y (Alpha Omega Cohort) most receiving state-of-the-art medications. Plasma FAs (% total FAs) in cholesteryl esters were assessed at baseline (2002-2006), and w40 months change in creatininecystatin C based glomerular filtration rate was estimated (eGFR, in ml/min per 1.73 m2). Beta coefficients for annual eGFR change in relation to plasma linoleic acid (LA; 50.1% of total FAs in CE), omega-3 FAs (EPA + DHA; 1.7%), odd-chain FAs (C15:0 and C17:0; 0.2%), and C14:0 (0.7%) were obtained from linear regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, smoking, and alcohol intake. Mean baseline eGFR ?SD was 78.5 ? 18.7, which declined by 4.7 ? 13.1 during follow-up, or 1.4 ? 3.9 per year. The annual decline in eGFR was less in patients with higher plasma LA (adjusted beta: 0.40 for LA >47 vs < 47%, 95% CI: 0.01; 0.78; p Z 0.046). Associations of plasma LA with annual eGFR decline were stronger in 437 patients with diabetes (1.21, 0.24; 2.19) and in 402 patients with CKD (eGFR<60; 0.90, -0.09; 1.89). Weaker, non-significant associations with kidney function decline were observed for the other plasma FAs. Conclusion: Higher plasma LA may be a good predictor of less kidney function decline after MI, particularly in patients with diabetes. The Alpha Omega Cohort is registered with clinicaltrials.gov, NCT03192410. ? 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Statins and beyond: Concurrent strategies for prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes; Diabetes is a significant risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD), particularly in the presence of high blood pressure, poor glycaemic control and high total cholesterol. While efforts to control blood pressure or blood glucose beyond levels considered 'normal' in patients with diabetes have not produced the expected reduction in CVD, treatment with statins to reduce levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) has been much more successful. However, many patients with diabetes who receive statins (even at high doses) remain at significant residual risk of CVD due to the presence of atherogenic dyslipidaemia. Markers of persisting risk include low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), high levels of triglycerides (TG) and LDL-C levels above target despite high-dose statin therapy. Combining statins with drugs that target HDL-C and TG, such as fibrates, niacin and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ethyl esters, may offer further protection from CVD in patients with diabetes.
Monocyte-Suppressing Effect of Bezafibrate but not Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Patients with Isolated Hypertriglyceridaemia; Fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids have been used for many years in the treatment of increased triglyceride levels. Unfortunately, pleiotropic effects of these agents in patients with isolated hypertriglyceridaemia are poorly understood. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of bezafibrate and omega-3 fatty acids on monocyte cytokine release and systemic inflammation in this type of dyslipidaemia. The study included eighty-seven hypertriglyceridaemic subjects randomly allocated to one of three groups, treated respectively with bezalibrate (200 mg twice daily), omega-3 fatty acids (1 g twice daily) or placebo for 90 days. Eighty-three subjects completed the study Apart from improvement in lipid profile, bezafibrate treatment reduced plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) levels and inhibited monocyte release of interleukin-6, interleukin-1 beta, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha. Bezafibrate action on plasma hsCRP and monocyte cytokine release was lipid-independent but correlated with drug-induced improvement in insulin sensitivity. Omega-3 fatty acids reduced plasma triglycerides, but did not induce any significant changes in monocyte secretory function and plasma hsCRP. Our study suggests that bezafibrate is superior to omega-3 fatty acids in reducing systemic inflammation and in producing monocyte-suppressing effects. Anti-inflammatory actions of bezafibrate may contribute to the clinical effectiveness of fibrates in the prevention and treatment of isolated hypertriglyceridaemia.
Mechanisms of Cell Death of Thymocytes Induced by Polyunsaturated, Monounsaturated and Trans-Fatty Acids; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are rapidly cytotoxic to isolated murine thymocytes, and the degree of cell death has been correlated with changes in membrane fluidity, elevation of intracellular calcium concentration and generation of reactive oxygen species. We have compared the degree of cell death and increase in membrane fluidity of C-20 and C-22 omega-3 and 6 PUFAs to those induced by monounsaturated and trans-fatty acids, and find that concentrations which induce comparable increases in membrane fluidity do not cause comparable cell death. The C-18 omega-6 causes a decrease in membrane fluidity, yet is the most potent in causing cell death. Omega-6 PUFAs are more cytotoxic than omega-3 PUFAs, while monounsaturated and trans-fats show little cytotoxicity and only at much higher concentrations. Cell death is preceded by reductions of both plasma and mitochondrial membrane potential, and occurs via apoptosis. These results indicate that cell death is due to mechanisms other than changes in membrane fluidity. J. Cell. Biochem. 112: 3863-3871, 2011. (C) 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
FATTY ACID COMPOSITION AND Ω3/Ω6 RATIOS OF THE MUSCLE LIPIDS OF SIX FISH SPECIES IN SUGLA LAKE, TURKEY; Fatty acid composition of the muscle lipids of Carassius gibelio, Pseudophoxinus anatolicus, Sander lucioperca, Tinca tinca, Vimba vimba tenella and Capoeta capoeta in Sugla Lake were determined. In all species, palmitic acid (13.25-18.54% of total fatty acids) and oleic acid (11.93-34.23% of total fatty acids) were identified as major saturated fatty acid (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), respectively. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was found to be the major polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in T tinca, C. capoeta, C. gibelio, P anatolicus and S. lucioperca while the predominant PUFA of V vimba tenella was eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). S. lucioperca contained more omega 3 fatty acids than the other fish species. The percentages of total omega 3 fatty acids were higher than those of total omega 6 fatty acids in all species. Since R anatolicus is endemic and endangered, this species should be protected and produced for future marketing.
TRIGLYCERIDES, ATHEROSCLEROSIS, AND CARDIOVASCULAR OUTCOME STUDIES: FOCUS ON OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS; Objective: To provide an overview of the roles of triglycerides and triglyceride-lowering agents in atherosclerosis in the context of cardiovascular outcomes studies.
Anti-inflammatory Effects of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase Inhibitors in Angiotensin-II-Dependent Hypertension; The mechanisms underlying the anti-inflammatory and antihypertensive effects of long-chain -3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (-3 PUFAs) are still unclear. The epoxides of an -6 fatty acid, arachidonic acid epoxyeicosatrienoic acids also exhibit antihypertensive and anti-inflammatory effects. Thus, we hypothesized that the major -3 PUFAs, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may lower the blood pressure and attenuate renal markers of inflammation through their epoxide metabolites. Here, we supplemented mice with an -3 rich diet for 3 weeks in a murine model of angiotensin-II-dependent hypertension. Also, because EPA and DHA epoxides are metabolized by soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH), we tested the combination of an sEH inhibitor and the -3 rich diet. Our results show that -3 rich diet in combination with the sEH inhibitor lowered Ang-II, increased the blood pressure, further increased the renal levels of EPA and DHA epoxides, reduced renal markers of inflammation (ie, prostaglandins and MCP-1), downregulated an epithelial sodium channel, and upregulated angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 message and significantly modulated cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase metabolic pathways. Overall, our findings suggest that epoxides of the -3 PUFAs contribute to lowering systolic blood pressure and attenuating inflammation in part by reduced prostaglandins and MCP-1 and by upregulation of angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 in angiotensin-II-dependent hypertension.
Comparison of the effects of simultaneous administration of vitamin C and omega-3 fatty acids on lipoproteins, apo A-I, apo B, and malondialdehyde in hyperlipidemic patients; Background: Control of hyperlipidemia is vital in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD). Omega 3 fatty acids (n-3FAs) have desirable effects on serum triglyceride (TG) levels, thrombosis, and arrhythmia, but lead to increases in serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and apo-B as well.
Red blood cell omega-3 fatty acid levels and markers of accelerated brain aging; Objective: Higher dietary intake and circulating levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have been related to a reduced risk for dementia, but the pathways underlying this association remain unclear. We examined the cross-sectional relation of red blood cell (RBC) fatty acid levels to subclinical imaging and cognitive markers of dementia risk in a middle-aged to elderly community-based cohort.
Effect of High-Dose Omega-3 Fatty Acids vs Corn Oil on Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events in Patients at High Cardiovascular Risk The STRENGTH Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance It remains uncertain whether the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) reduce cardiovascular risk. Objective To determine the effects on cardiovascular outcomes of a carboxylic acid formulation of EPA and DHA (omega-3 CA) with documented favorable effects on lipid and inflammatory markers in patients with atherogenic dyslipidemia and high cardiovascular risk. Design, Setting, and Participants A double-blind, randomized, multicenter trial (enrollment October 30, 2014, to June 14, 2017; study termination January 8, 2020; last patient visit May 14, 2020) comparing omega-3 CA with corn oil in statin-treated participants with high cardiovascular risk, hypertriglyceridemia, and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). A total of 13 078 patients were randomized at 675 academic and community hospitals in 22 countries in North America, Europe, South America, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Interventions Participants were randomized to receive 4 g/d of omega-3 CA (n = 6539) or corn oil, which was intended to serve as an inert comparator (n = 6539), in addition to usual background therapies, including statins. Main Outcomes and Measures The primary efficacy measure was a composite of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, coronary revascularization, or unstable angina requiring hospitalization. Results When 1384 patients had experienced a primary end point event (of a planned 1600 events), the trial was prematurely halted based on an interim analysis that indicated a low probability of clinical benefit of omega-3 CA vs the corn oil comparator. Among the 13 078 treated patients (mean [SD] age, 62.5 [9.0] years; 35% women; 70% with diabetes; median low-density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol level, 75.0 mg/dL; median triglycerides level, 240 mg/dL; median HDL-C level, 36 mg/dL; and median high-sensitivity C-reactive protein level, 2.1 mg/L), 12 633 (96.6%) completed the trial with ascertainment of primary end point status. The primary end point occurred in 785 patients (12.0%) treated with omega-3 CA vs 795 (12.2%) treated with corn oil (hazard ratio, 0.99 [95% CI, 0.90-1.09]; P = .84). A greater rate of gastrointestinal adverse events was observed in the omega-3 CA group (24.7%) compared with corn oil-treated patients (14.7%). Conclusions and Relevance Among statin-treated patients at high cardiovascular risk, the addition of omega-3 CA, compared with corn oil, to usual background therapies resulted in no significant difference in a composite outcome of major adverse cardiovascular events. These findings do not support use of this omega-3 fatty acid formulation to reduce major adverse cardiovascular events in high-risk patients.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Composition in Breast Milk Plasma of HIV-infected and Uninfected Mothers in Relation to Infant Clinical Outcomes; BACKGROUND: The increased coverage of prevention of mother to child transmission (PMTCT) services has significantly reduced paediatric HIV infection incidence. The aim of the study was to compare breast milk omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid profiles of HIV infected and uninfected mothers and determine the association between fatty acid profiles and postnatal transmission of HIV, morbidity/mortality of HIV exposed and unexposed infants.
Individual Variation in Lipidomic Profiles of Healthy Subjects in Response to Omega-3 Fatty Acids; Introduction: Conflicting findings in both interventional and observational studies have resulted in a lack of consensus on the benefits of omega 3 fatty acids in reducing disease risk. This may be due to individual variability in response. We used a multi-platform lipidomic approach to investigate both the consistent and inconsistent responses of individuals comprehensively to a defined omega 3 intervention.
Omega-3 fatty acids in parenteral nutrition-A systematic review with network meta-analysis on clinical outcomes; Background & aims: Accumulating scientific evidence supports the benefits of parenteral nutrition (PN) with fish oil (FO) containing intravenous lipid emulsions (ILEs) on clinical outcomes. Yet, the question of the most effective ILE remains controversial. We conducted a network meta-analysis (NMA) to compare and rank different types of ILEs in terms of their effects on infections, sepsis, ICU and hospital length of stay, and in-hospital mortality in adult patients.Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published up to May 2022, investigating ILEs as a part of part of PN covering at least 70% of total energy provision. Lipid emulsions were classified in four categories: FO-ILEs, olive oil (OO)-ILEs, medium-chain triglyceride (MCT)/soybean oil (SO)-ILEs, and pure SO-ILEs. Data were statistically com-bined through Bayesian NMA and the Surface Under the Cumulative RAnking (SUCRA) was calculated for all outcomes. Results: 1651 publications were retrieved in the original search, 47 RCTs were included in the NMA. For FO-ILEs, very highly credible reductions in infection risk versus SO-ILEs [odds ratio (OR) = 0.43 90% credibility interval (CrI) (0.29-0.63)], MCT/soybean oil-ILEs [0.59 (0.43-0.82)], and OO-ILEs [0.56 (0.33-0.91)], and in sepsis risk versus SO-ILEs [0.22 (0.08-0.59)], as well as substantial reductions in hospital length of stay versus SO-ILEs [mean difference (MD) =-2.31 (-3.14 to-1.59) days] and MCT/SO-ILEs (-2.01 (-2.82 to-1.22 days) were shown. According to SUCRA score, FO-ILEs were ranked first for all five outcomes.Conclusions: In hospitalized patients, FO-ILEs provide significant clinical benefits over all other types of ILEs, ranking first for all outcomes investigated. Registration no: PROSPERO 2022 CRD42022328660.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
MAY FOOD BECOME MEDICINE - DOES CARP MEAT HAVE A CHANCE TO BECOME A FUNCTIONAL FOOD FOR PEOPLE WITH CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE?; Fish consumption is associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. The health benefits of fish consumption are attributed to high content of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), especially eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid. Animal and human studies have demonstrated that n-3 PUFAs improve the function of the normal and damaged endothelium. It is recommended to eat two servings of fish per week. The aim of the review was to find publications about the nutritional value of carp meat and its possible uses as functional food for patients with cardiovascular disease. A search for open-access original full texts sin PubMed, Google Scholar, Medline Complete database was performed in June 2022. A total of 490 results were found. Eventually 22 articles were included for systematic review. Carp consumption improves plasma lipid profile and therefore it could be considered a functional food. Carp meat is rich in essential amino acids too. The carp culture systems decide about PUFA and protein content in the meat. Carp can be cooked as traditional dishes or carp powder can be added to other dishes to enrich their nutritional value. The recommended method of carp meat preparation to preserve its' nutritional value is oven baking. Carp meat or carp powder can be used as functional food for patients with cardiovascular diseases.
Incorporation of n-3 PUFA and γ-linolenic acid in blood lipids and red blood cell lipids together with their influence on disease activity in patients with chronic inflammatory arthritis - a randomized controlled human intervention trial; Background and aim: Marine n-3 fatty acids and gamma-linolenic acid both have anti-inflammatory effects and may be useful to help treat inflammatory diseases. The effects of these alone or combined were examined in patients with arthritis in a randomized controlled trial.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Early Prevention of Inflammatory Neurodegenerative Disease: A Focus on Alzheimer's Disease; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the leading cause of dementia and the most common neurodegenerative disease in the elderly. Furthermore, AD has provided the most positive indication to support the fact that inflammation contributes to neurodegenerative disease. The exact etiology of AD is unknown, but environmental and genetic factors are thought to contribute, such as advancing age, family history, presence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes, and poor diet and lifestyle. It is hypothesised that early prevention or management of inflammation could delay the onset or reduce the symptoms of AD. Normal physiological changes to the brain with ageing include depletion of long chain omega-3 fatty acids and brains of AD patients have lower docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels. DHA supplementation can reduce markers of inflammation. This review specifically focusses on the evidence in humans from epidemiological, dietary intervention, and supplementation studies, which supports the role of long chain omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention or delay of cognitive decline in AD in its early stages. Longer term trials with long chain omega-3 supplementation in early stage AD are warranted. We also highlight the importance of overall quality and composition of the diet to protect against AD and dementia.
EPA and DHA Status of South Asian and White Canadians Living in the National Capital Region of Canada; To minimize the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), most dietary guidelines have recommended consuming 500 mg/day of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or two servings of oily fish/week. The sum of percent EPA and DHA in red blood cell (RBC) total fatty acids-termed the omega-3 index-has been proposed as a biomarker for assessing the risk of death from CVD. The omega-3 indices of a parts per thousand currency sign4, > 4 to < 8 and a parts per thousand yen8 % have been proposed to be associated with high, intermediate and low CVD risks, respectively. In this study, we determined the EPA + DHA intake level and the omega-3 index of South Asian Canadians (SAC; n = 308) and white Canadians (WC; n = 341) age 20-79 years living in the National Capital Region of Canada. The mean EPA + DHA intake levels were 569 +/- A 571 mg/day for SAC and 684 +/- A 865 mg/day for WC and 46 % of SAC and 43 % of WC met the recommended EPA + DHA intake level of 500 mg/day. The mean omega-3 indices were 6.6 and 5.9 % for SAC and WC respectively. The suggested cardio-protective target level for the omega-3 index of a parts per thousand yen8 % was observed only in 19.8 % of SAC and in 9.4 % of WC subjects. The majority of the participants (74.4 % of SAC and 82.7 % of WC) were in the > 4 to < 8 % range. These results suggest that although study participants' dietary intake of EPA + DHA is adequate, this intake was not sufficient to provide an omega-3 index that is considered cardio-protective.
PREDISPOSITION TO LDL OXIDATION IN PATIENTS WITH AND WITHOUT ANGIOGRAPHICALLY ESTABLISHED CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Oxidative modification of low density lipoprotein (LDL) may play an important role in the mechanism of atherosclerotic damage to blood vessels. In the present study the LDL isolated from the plasmas of 73 coronary artery disease (CAD) patients, 28 valvular heart disease (VHD) patients, 59 subjects affected by type IIa hyperlipoproteinemia and 71 controls was oxidatively modified by incubation with copper ions. in 15 CAD and 15 Type IIa patients and 15 controls the LDL chemical composition and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) content were also measured. Differences in the LDL susceptibilities to lipid peroxidation were studied by measuring the changes of fluorescence intensity. The lag phase in the CAD patients was found to be significantly lower than in the VHD and controls (P < 0.001). The lag phase in the type IIa patients was significantly higher than in the CAD patients (P < 0.01), and significantly lower than the VHD and controls (P < 0.01). The LDL isolated from the type IIa patients had an increase in the relative content of free and esterified cholesterol (P < 0.05), while the CAD patients had a decrease in the relative content of free cholesterol (P < 0.05), and an increase in the relative content of protein (P < 0.05). The lowest value of the LDL cholesterol to protein ratio and LDL size, was found in the CAD patients (P < 0.05). When expressed in mug/mg LDL cholesterol, the concentration of the LDL PUFAs was significantly higher in the CAD group than in the others (P < 0.05). The LDL alpha-tocopherol concentration was quite similar in the different groups. In conclusion the results show that the patients with established CAD and type IIa hyperlipoproteinemia have a greater predisposition to LDL oxidation in vitro than the subjects without CAD. The enhanced in vitro susceptibility for oxidation is probably the result of both a variation of LDL chemical composition and increase of PUFAs.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Intake and Blood Pressure: A Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background Current evidence might support the use of omega-3 fatty acids (preferably docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid) for lowering blood pressure (BP), but the strength and shape of the dose-response relationship remains unclear. Methods and Results This study included randomized controlled trials published before May 7, 2021, that involved participants aged >= 18 years, and examined an association between omega-3 fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, or both) and BP. A random-effects 1-stage cubic spline regression model was used to predict the average dose-response association between daily omega-3 fatty acid intake and changes in BP. We also conducted stratified analyses to examine differences by prespecified subgroups. Seventy-one trials were included, involving 4973 individuals with a combined docosahexaenoic acid+eicosapentaenoic acid dose of 2.8 g/d (interquartile range, 1.3 g/d to 3.6 g/d). A nonlinear association was found overall or in most subgroups, depicted as J-shaped dose-response curves. The optimal intake in both systolic BP and diastolic BP reductions (mm Hg) were obtained by moderate doses between 2 g/d (systolic BP, -2.61 [95% CI, -3.57 to -1.65]; diastolic BP, -1.64 [95% CI, -2.29 to -0.99]) and 3 g/d (systolic BP, -2.61 [95% CI, -3.52 to -1.69]; diastolic BP, -1.80 [95% CI, -2.38 to -1.23]). Subgroup studies revealed stronger and approximately linear dose-response relations among hypertensive, hyperlipidemic, and older populations. Conclusions This dose-response meta-analysis demonstrates that the optimal combined intake of omega-3 fatty acids for BP lowering is likely between 2 g/d and 3 g/d. Doses of omega-3 fatty acid intake above the recommended 3 g/d may be associated with additional benefits in lowering BP among groups at high risk for cardiovascular diseases.
Dietary intake and biomarkers of linoleic acid and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Current evidence on associations between intakes of linoleic acid (LA), the predominant n-6 (omega-6) fatty acid, and mortality is inconsistent and has not been summarized by a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of fatty acid profiles in varying recipes of ready-to-use therapeutic foods on neurodevelopmental and clinical outcomes of children (6-59 months) with severe wasting: a systematic review; Context In 2020, 13.6 million children under 5 years suffered from severe acute malnutrition (SAM)/wasting. Standard ready-to-use therapeutic foods (RUTFs) improve polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status but contain suboptimal amounts of omega-3 (n-3) PUFAs with unbalanced n-6-to-n-3 PUFA ratios.Objectives The aim was to compare the effects of RUTFs with different essential fatty acid contents on PUFA status, neurodevelopmental, and clinical outcomes (mortality, comorbidities, and recovery) of children with severe wasting.Data Sources Twelve databases, trial repositories, and article references with no publication limitations.Data Extraction Ten studies from randomized, quasi, and cluster-randomized controlled trials providing RUTFs as home treatment to children 6-59 months with SAM/wasting were included.Data Analysis Plasma phospholipid eicosapentaenoic acid content was higher in children receiving RUTF with altered essential fatty acid contents compared with standard RUTF (0.20 [0.15-0.25], P < 0.00001). Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) status only improved in children receiving RUTF with added fish oil (0.33 [0.15-0.50], P = 0.0003). The Malawi Developmental Assessment tool (MDAT) global development and problem-solving assessment scores were higher in global assessment and gross motor domains in children receiving added fish oil compared with standard formulation (0.19 [0.0-0.38] and 0.29 [0.03-0.55], respectively). Children receiving high-oleic-acid RUTF (lowering the n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio of the RUTF) with or without fish oil had significantly higher scores in social domains compared with those receiving the standard formulation (0.16 [0.00-0.31] and 0.24 [0.09-0.40]). Significantly higher mortality risk was found in children receiving a standard formulation compared with RUTF with a lower n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio (0.79 [0.67-0.94], P = 0.008).Conclusion Although lowering n-6:n-3 PUFA ratios did not increase plasma DHA, it improved specific neurodevelopmental scores and mortality due to lower linoleic acid (high-oleic-acid peanuts), higher alpha-linolenic acid (altered oil), or both. Additional preformed n-3 long-chain PUFAs (fish oil) with RUTF improved the children's DHA status, neurodevelopmental outcomes, and weight-for-height z score. More research is needed regarding cost, availability, stability, acceptability, and the appropriate amount of n-3 long-chain PUFAs required in RUTFs for the best clinical outcomes.Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42022303694.
Cholesterol, omega-3 fatty acids, and suicide risk: Empirical evidence and pathophysiological hypotheses; Studies in psychiatric patients described an association between lower serum cholesterol concentrations, suicidality, depression, impulsivity, and aggression which is not entirely attributable to depression-related malnutrition and weight-loss. Several lines of evidence suggest that a serotonergic deficit in the prefrontal cortex may predispose vulnerable subjects to impulsive, autoaggressive, and suicidal behaviour in stressful life-events. In-vitro studies, animal experiments, and human in-vivo studies support the hypothesis that cholesterol reduction may contribute to the serotonergic abnormalities which have been postulated in suicidal subjects. Recently it was hypothesized that decreased consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially omega-3 fatty acids, may be a risk factor for depression and suicide. Data from human studies in healthy volunteers suggest that increasing the dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids may increase central serotonergic activity and reduce impulsive and aggressive behaviours. Earlier epidemiological studies showed an association between low cholesterol concentrations and increased suicide risk. Recent epidemiological studies with greater samples and longer follow-up periods, however, even showed a positive correlation between cholesterol concentrations and suicide risk after controlling for potential confounding variables. Large trials of statins (simvastatin, lovastatin, pravastatin) did not show an increase of suicide mortality.
Omega-3 fatty acids accelerate fledging in an avian marine predator: a potential role of cognition; Consuming omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFAs) during development improves cognition in mammals, but the effect remains untested in other taxa. In aquatic ecosystems, n-3 LCPUFAs are produced by phytoplankton and bioaccumulate in the food web. Alarmingly, the warming and acidification of aquatic systems caused by climate change impair n-3 LCPUFA production, with an anticipated decrease of 80% by the year 2100. We tested whether n-3 LCPUFA consumption affects the physiology, morphology, behaviour and cognition of the chicks of a top marine predator, the ring-billed gull. Using a colony with little access to n-3 LCPUFAs, we supplemented siblings from 22 fenced nests with contrasting treatments from hatching until fledging; one sibling received n-3 LCPUFA-rich fish oil and the other, a control sucrose solution without n-3 LCPUFAs. Halfway through the nestling period, half the chicks receiving fish oil were switched to the sucrose solution to test whether n-3 LCPUFA intake remains crucial past the main growth phase (chronic versus transient treatments). Upon fledging, n-3 LCPUFAs were elevated in the blood and brains of chicks receiving the chronic treatment, but were comparable to control levels among those receiving the transient treatment. Across the entire sample, chicks with elevated n-3 LCPUFAs in their tissues fledged earlier despite their morphology and activity levels being unrelated to fledging age. Fledging required chicks to escape fences encircling their nest. We therefore interpret fledging age as a possible indicator of cognition, with chicks with improved cognition fledging earlier. These results provide insight into whether declining dietary n-3 LCPUFAs will compromise top predators' problem-solving skills, and thus their ability to survive in a rapidly changing world.
Marine (n-3) Fatty Acids, Fish Consumption, and the 10-Year Risk of Fatal and Nonfatal Coronary Heart Disease in a Large Population of Dutch Adults with Low Fish Intake; We assessed the dose-response relations within a low range of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and fish intake on fatal coronary heart disease (CHD) and nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI). In a Dutch population-based cohort study, EPA+DHA and fish intake were assessed at baseline among 21,342 participants aged 20-65 y with no history of MI or stroke. Hazard ratios were calculated with Cox proportional-hazard models. During 9-14 y of follow-up (mean 11.3 y), 647 participants (3%) died, of which 82 of CHD. Fatal CHD mainly comprised MI (64 cases). In total, 252 participants survived an MI. Median intakes in quartiles of EPA+DHA were 40, 84, 151, and 234 mg/d. Medians of fish consumption in quartiles were 1.1, 4.2, 10.7, and 17.3 g/d. Compared with the lowest quartile of EPA+DHA, participants in the top quartile had a 49% lower risk of fatal CHD (95% CI: 6-73%) and a 62% lower risk of fatal MI (95% CI: 23-81%). We observed inverse dose-response relations for EPA+DHA intake and fatal CHD (P-trend = 0.05) and fatal MI (P-trend = 0.01). Results were similar for fish consumption. Nonfatal MI was not associated with EPA+DHA or fish intake. In conclusion, in populations with a low fish consumption, EPA+DHA and fish may lower fatal CHD and MI risk in a dose-responsive manner. Low intakes of EPA+DHA or fish do not seem to protect against nonfatal MI. J. Nutr. 140: 1023-1028, 2010.
Effect of Vitamin D and Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Kidney Function in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes A Randomized Clinical Trial; Importance: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a common complication of type 2 diabetes that can lead to end-stage kidney disease and is associated with high cardiovascular risk. Few treatments are available to prevent CKD in type 2 diabetes.
Dietary γ-linolenic acid suppresses aortic smooth muscle cell proliferation and modifies atherosclerotic lesions in apolipoprotein E knockout mice; The present study was conducted to evaluate the antiatherogenic effects of dietary gamma -linolenic acid (GLA) (primrose oil) in apolipoprotein E (apoE) genetic knockout mice. Five-wk-old male mice were fed cholesterol-free diets containing 10 g/100 g lipid as corn oil (CO) [control diet, 0 mol/100 mol GLA and (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)], primrose oil (PO, 10 mol/100 mol GLA), fish oil-CO mix [FC; 9:1 wt/wt, 0 mol/100 mot GLA and 17 mol/100 mol (n-3) PUFA] or fish oil-PO mix [FP, 1:3 wt/wt, 8 mol/100 mol GLA and 5 mol/100 mol (n-3) PUFA] for 15 wk. Subsequently, diets were supplemented with cholesterol (1.25 g/100 g) and sodium cholate (0.5 g/100 g) and fed for an additional 10 and 16 wk. Plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels generally did not differ among groups at 20, 30 and 36 wk of age. Mice fed GLA-containing diets (PO and FP) had significantly (P < 0.05) higher liver phospholipid levels of dihomo-gamma -linolenic acid, the elongated product of GLA, relative to CO and FC groups. Consumption of GLA (PO and FP diets) significantly reduced (P < 0.05) aortic vessel wall medial layer thickness at 20 and 30 wk. A parallel GLA-dependent suppression in the number of proliferating (proliferating cell nuclear antigen positive) aortic smooth muscle cells was also observed. Diets containing either GLA or (n-3) PUFA reduced (p < 0.05) atherosclerotic lesion size in 30-wk-old mice. These results indicate that dietary GLA can suppress smooth muscle cell proliferation in vivo and retard the development of diet-induced atherosclerosis in apoE knockout mice.
(n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids promote activation-induced cell death in murine T lymphocytes; Previous studies showing dietary (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) attenuate T cell immune-mediated inflammatory diseases led us to hypothesize that (n-3) PUFA promote activation-induced cell death (AICD) in T cells. Because T cell subsets display a differential resistance to AICD, we compared the effects of (n-3) PUFA feeding on T cells stimulated in vitro to express different cytokine profiles. Mice were fed either diets lacking (n-3) PUFA (control) or (n-3) PUFA-containing diets for 14 d. Splenic T cells were stimulated with alphaCD3/alphaCD28, phorbol myristate acetate (PMA)/lonomycin or alphaCD3/PMA for 48 h, followed by reactivation with the same stimuli for 5 h. Apoptosis was measured using Annexin V/propidium iodide. (n-3) PUFA were selectively incorporated into membrane phospholipid pools. Cytokine analyses revealed that (n-3) PUFA enhanced AICD only in T cells expressing a T helper cell (Th)1-like cytokine profile after stimulation with PMA/lonomycin compared to mice fed the (n-6) PUFA control diet (P = 0.0008). In contrast, no increase in apoptosis was seen in T cells stimulated with aCD3/PMA, which exhibited a Th2 cytokine profile. These data demonstrate that the ability of (n-3) PUFA to promote AICD is dependent on the activation stimulus. In conclusion, we have identified a novel mechanism by which (n-3) PUFA modulate T cell-mediated immunity by selective deletion of Th1-like cells while maintaining or enhancing the Th2-mediated humoral immune response.
Polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids improve responsiveness to clopidogrel after percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with cytochrome P450 2C19 loss-of-function polymorphism; Background: Antiplatelet properties of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUPA) have been demonstrated in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). It is unknown whether omega-3 PUPA can enhance platelet inhibition on standard aspirin and clopidogrel treatment in the setting of CYP2C19 loss-of-function polymorphism.
Clinical trials update from the American Heart Association meeting:: Ω-3 fatty acids and arrhythmia risk in patients with an implantable defibrillator, ACTIV in CHF, VALIANT, the Hanover autologous bone marrow transplantation study, SPORTIF V, ORBIT and PAD and DEFINITE; The American Heart Association meeting reported the results of several clinical trials of Particular interest to those who care for patients with heart failure. Omega-3 fatty acids were associated with a trend to increased recurrence of ventricular arrhythmias but not mortality in patients with an implantable debrillator. The ACTIV in CHF study Provides more evidence of a therapeutic role for arginine vasopressin antagonists in the treatment of heart failure. The VALIANT study provides further evidence to suggest that a combination of angiotensin receptor antagonist and ACE inhibitor does not reduce mortality but may reduce morbidity in post-MI patients with heart failure or major LV systolic dysfunction. A study of autologous bone marrow cell transplantation into myocardial scar give gave encouraging results. SPORTIF V.showed ximelagation to be as effective as warfarin but with improved safety. ORBIT and PAD showed public access defibrillators saved lives but questioned their,,cost effectiveness. DEFINITE supported a role for ICDs in patients with non-ischemic cardiomyopathy, although cost-effectiveness remains in doubt. (C) 2003 European Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Nanoencapsulation of the omega-3 EPA:DHA 6:1 formulation enhances and sustains NO-mediated endothelium-dependent relaxations in coronary artery rings and NO formation in endothelial cells; The eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) formulation with a ratio of 6:1 is a potent stimulator of the endothelial formation of nitric oxide (NO). The aim of the study was to investigate whether nanoencapsulation of EPA:DHA 6:1 followed by coating with gum increases its biological activity. Vascular reactivity was assessed using porcine coronary artery rings, the formation of NO in cultured endothelial cells (ECs) using DAF-FM and indirectly by platelet aggregation studies. Coated EPA:DHA 6:1 nanoparticles induced sustained relaxations of coronary artery rings that were greater in rings with than in those without endothelium, and more pronounced than with the native form. Treatment of ECs with coated EPA:DHA 6:1 nanoparticles caused greater and more sustained formation of NO and enhanced their anti-aggregatory effects. Thus, nanoencapsulation of EPA:DHA 6:1 is an attractive strategy to enhance the beneficial effect at the vascular endothelium.
THE EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3 AND OMEGA-6 FATTY ACID-ENRICHED DIETS ON PLASMA-LIPOPROTEINS AND APOPROTEINS IN FAMILIAL COMBINED HYPERLIPIDEMIA; There is abundant evidence that dietary .omega.3 fatty acids effect a favorable change in lipoprotein profiles of normolipidemic individuals. However, there is relatively little information available on the lipoprotein responses of hyperlipidemic individuals at risk for premature coronary artery disease. We studied a group of subjects with familial combined hyperlipidemia (FCHL), as well as a group of normal controls, on three rigidly controlled diets differing primarily in their fatty acid composition. The normal subjects demonstrated significant reduction in total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and total apolipoprotein B (apo B) levels on both an .omega.3 (salmon) and .omega.6 (safflower) fatty acid-enriched diet when these were compared with a basal diet high in saturated fat. The primary difference in response to the polyunsaturated diets was the potent triglyceride-lowering effect of the salmon diet. The FCHL subjects demonstrated a response to the safflower  diet similar to that observed in normals and also manifested a marked triglyceride lowering with the salmon diet. However, total cholesterol and total apo B levels were not lowered by the salmon diet, and LDL cholesterol and apo B levels exhibited an upward trend. Thus, individuals with FCHL, a common disorder associated with premature coronary artery diseases, do not appear to have a favorable lipoprotein response to diets enriched in .omega.3 fatty acids.
Pharmacological aspects of polyunsaturated fatty acids in parenteral nutrition.; Despite immense progress in intensive-care medicine, mortality rates of 30-70% in sepsis and SIRS are still an unresolved problem. Particularly the failure of respiratory and other vital functions is a major cause of death. Besides infectious stimuli (viruses, bacteria, fungi) a variety of non-infectious triggers (tissue damage, immune complexes, complement activation, etc.) can initiate the development of organ failure. These inflammatory reactions aim physiologically towards inactivation and removal of the stimulating agents as well as the induction of reparative processes. In states of prolonged activation of humoral and cellular mediator systems the natural host defence mechanisms react in an uncontrolled manner causing tissue damage and organ failure. So far there are no efficient therapeutic strategies to influence these complex inflammatory reactions. In the development of SIRS and sepsis, pro-inflammatory lipid mediators play a crucial role. Omega-3-fatty acids (omega-3-PUFAs) have shown anti-inflammatory and antithrombotic properties in a great number of experimental and clinical studies. These effects seem to be related to the uptake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) into cellular membrane lipid pools and its subsequent metabolisation. After inflammatory activation EPA is released besides arachidonic acid (AA) and competes with AA for metabolisation via the cycle-and lipoxygenase pathway. Compared to AA the derivatives of EPA have less pro-inflammatory and chemotactic characteristics. With regard to prophylactic and therapeutic consequences it appears reasonable to supplement omega-3-PUFAs to attenuate the inflammatory response by modulating the generation of lipid mediators during inflammation.
Effects of similar intakes of marine <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids from enriched food products and fish oil on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy human subjects; There is convincing evidence that consumption of fish and fish oil rich in long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA (n-3 LCPUFA), EPA (20 : 5n-3) and DHA (22 : 6n-3) reduce the risk of CHD. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether n-3 LCPUFA-enriched food products provide similar beneficial effects as fish oil with regard to incorporation into plasma lipids and effects on cardiovascular risk markers. A parallel 7-week intervention trial was performed where 159 healthy men and women were randomised to consume either 34 g fish pate (n 44), 500 ml fruit juice (n 38) or three capsules of concentrated fish oil (n 40), all contributing to a daily intake of approximately 1 g EPA and DHA. A fourth group did not receive any supplementation or food product and served as controls (n 37). Plasma fatty acid composition, serum lipids, and markers of inflammation and oxidative stress were measured. Compared with the control group, plasma n-3 LCPUFA and EPA: arachidonic acid ratio increased equally in all intervention groups. However, no significant changes in blood lipids and markers of inflammation and oxidative stress were observed. In conclusion, enriched fish pate and fruit juice represent suitable delivery systems for n-3 LCPUFA. However, although the dose given is known to reduce the risk of CVD, no significant changes were observed on cardiovascular risk markers in this healthy population.
Association Between Achieved ω-3 Fatty Acid Levels and Major Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients With High Cardiovascular Risk A Secondary Analysis of the STRENGTH Trial; IMPORTANCE In patients treated with omega-3 fatty acids, it remains uncertain whether achieved levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with cardiovascular outcomes.
Dietary fats and cardiovascular disease: Putting together the pieces of a complicated puzzle; Dietary fatty acids play significant roles in the cause and prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils have well-established adverse effects and should be eliminated from the human diet. CVD risk can be modestly reduced by decreasing saturated fatty acids (SFA) and replacing it by a combination of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA). Although the ideal type of unsaturated fat for this replacement is unclear, the benefits of PUFA appear strongest. Both n-6 and n-3 PUFA are essential and reduce CVD risk. However, additional research is needed to better define the optimal amounts of both and to discern the patients and/or general population that would benefit from supplemental n-3 fatty acid intake. Furthermore, consumption of animal products, per se, is not necessarily associated with increased CVD risk, whereas nut and olive oil intake is associated with reduced CVD risk. In conclusion, the total matrix of a food is more important than just its fatty acid content in predicting the effect of a food on CVD risk, and a healthy diet should be the cornerstone of CVD prevention. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of purified eicosapentaenoate ethyl ester on fibrinolytic capacity in patients with stable coronary artery disease and lower extremity ischaemia; Background Lower extremity ischaemia is often complicated by coronary artery disease (CAD), Patients with CAD often have impaired fibrinolytic capacity, Plasma plasminogen activator inhibitors (PAI) levels are known to be associated with levels of atherogenic lipids. Purified eicosapentaenoic acid reduces atherogenic lipids levels.
Mercury, fish oils, and the risk of myocardial infarction; Background: It has been suggested that mercury, a highly reactive heavy metal with no known physiologic activity, increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Because fish intake is a major source of exposure to mercury, the mercury content of fish may counteract the beneficial effects of its n-3 fatty acids.
The Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid DHA Induces Simultaneous Apoptosis and Autophagy via Mitochondrial ROS-Mediated Akt-mTOR Signaling in Prostate Cancer Cells Expressing Mutant p53; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) induces autophagy-associated apoptotic cell death in wild-type p53 cancer cells via regulation of p53. The present study investigated the effects of DHA on PC3 and DU145 prostate cancer cell lines harboring mutant p53. Results show that, in addition to apoptosis, DHA increased the expression levels of lipidated form LC3B and potently stimulated the autophagic flux, suggesting that DHA induces both autophagy and apoptosis in cancer cells expressing mutant p53. DHA led to the generation of mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS), as shown by the mitochondrial ROS-specific probe mitoSOX. Similarly, pretreatment with the antioxidant N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) markedly inhibited both the autophagy and the apoptosis triggered by DHA, indicating that mitochondrial ROS mediate the cytotoxicity of DHA in mutant p53 cells. Further, DHA reduced the levels of phospho-Akt and phospho-mTOR in a concentration-dependent manner, while NAC almost completely blocked that effect. Collectively, these findings present a novel mechanism of ROS-regulated apoptosis and autophagy that involves Akt-mTOR signaling in prostate cancer cells with mutant p53 exposed to DHA.
Greasing the wheels of managing overweight and obesity with omega-3 fatty acids; The epidemic of overweight and obesity around the world and in the US is a major public health challenge, with 1.5 billion overweight and obese adults worldwide, and 68% of US adults and 31% of US children and adolescents overweight or obese. Obesity leads to serious health consequences, including an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart disease. Current preventive and medical treatments include lifestyle modification, medication, and bariatric surgery in extreme cases: however, they are either not very efficacious or are very expensive. Obesity is a complex condition involving the dysregulation of several organ systems and molecular pathways, including adipose tissue, the pancreas, the gastrointestinal tract, and the CNS. The role of the CNS in obesity is receiving more attention as obesity rates rise and treatments continue to fail. While the role of the hypothalamus in regulation of appetite and food intake has long been recognized, the roles of the CNS reward systems are beginning to be examined as the role of environmental influences on energy balance are explored.
Diet and Physical Activity for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the United States. One-third of these deaths may be preventable through healthy lifestyle choices including diet and physical activity. The Mediterranean diet is associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality, whereas the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan is associated with a reduced risk of coronary artery disease. Substituting dietary saturated fat with polyunsaturated fatty acids is associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes, although exogenous supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids does not improve cardiovascular outcomes. There is an association between increased sodium intake and cardiovascular risk, but reducing dietary sodium has not consistently shown a reduction in cardiovascular risk. Physical activity recommendations for adults are at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic activity per week, 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity aerobic activity per week, or an equivalent combination. Increases in physical activity by any level are associated with reduced cardiovascular risk. Introducing muscle-strengthening activities at least twice per week in previously inactive adults is associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes. Inactive adults without known CVD can gradually increase activity to a moderate-intensity level without consulting a physician. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends behavioral counseling to promote healthy diet and physical activity in adults at high risk of CVD. Evidence of benefit for counseling patients at average risk is less established. Copyright (C) 2016 American Academy of Family Physicians.
The effects of dietary inclusion of <i>Camelina sativa</i> on performance and ascites incidence in broilers subjected to cold exposure; BackgroundCamelina sativa oilseed has a high amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids (FAs) especially alpha-linolenic acid. n - 3 FA can improve the deformability of erythrocytes and mediate relaxations in coronary artery such as nitric oxide (NO) that is the principal vasodilator responsible for diminution the pulmonary arterial hypertension response. MethodsTo investigate the effects of camelina sources on ascites incidence in broilers kept on altitude, 672 male chicks were fed with 7 dietary treatments, including control, 2% or 4% camelina oil (CO), 5% or 10% camelina meal (CM) and 5% or 10% camelina seeds (CS) diets. ResultsSupplementation of 2% CO had no negative impact on performance, whereas feed intake and body weight gains decreased (p < 0.05) by adding 4% CO, CM and CS. Birds fed camelina diets had lower serum triglyceride at day 42, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at both 28 and 42 days. Plasma aspartate aminotransferase decreased (p < 0.001) among 5% and 10% CS groups on day 42. Serum and liver concentrations of malondialdehyde declined (p < 0.05) by camelina treatments, whereas serum NO and liver glutathione peroxidase activity significantly elevated. Red blood cell, heterophils and H:L ratio were lower but lymphocyte was higher in camelina groups. Inclusion of camelina reduced (p < 0.05) relative weights of heart and right ventricle, the weight of right ventricle to total ventricle ratio and ascites mortality. ConclusionsUse of 2% CO as a source of n - 3 FA can improve ascites condition and mortality in broilers reared at high altitude without the reduction of growth performance. However, feeding 4% CO or 5% and 10% CS or CM reduced broiler performance.
Fish Oil in Primary and Secondary Cardiovascular Prevention; Omega-3 fatty acid therapy shows great promise in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular (CV) diseases, especially coronary heart disease (CHD). In this review, we discuss the evidence available from prospective and retrospective observational epidemiologic studies and controlled clinical trials demonstrating the effects of omega-3 fatty acids (fish oil) in primary and especially secondary prevention of major CV events, including CV mortality, fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), and sudden cardiac death (SCD). Significant reductions in total mortality and SCD to the extent of 20% to 50% have been found in studies using doses ranging from 0.85 to 4.0 g/d. We review the compelling evidence that indicates all clinicians should strongly consider therapy with fish oil, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), for patients with known CV disease and for patients at increased risk for CV disease, particularly patients at increased risk for SCD. The target DHA + EPA consumption levels are about 800 to 1000 mg/d for individuals with known CHD and at least 500 mg/d for individuals without disease.
Suppression of lncRNA <i>Gm47283</i> attenuates myocardial infarction via <i>miR-706</i>/ <i>Ptgs2</i>/ferroptosis axis; Myocardial infarction (MI) is the leading cause of sudden death. Long non-doing RNAs (lncRNAs) were demonstrated to play crucial roles in multiple diseases, including cancer and cardiovascular diseases. Nevertheless, the molecular mechanism of lncNRAs in MI is unclear. In this study, we integrated bioinformatics and molecular biological experiments to identify the novel lncRNA transcripts and elucidated its regulatory mechanism in MI. First, we identified 10 dysregualted lncRNAs and found that lncRNA Gm47283 was the top risk factor in MI. Bioinformatics analysis predicted that lncRNA Gm47283 exerted function via targeting miR-706 and Ptgs2. Ptgs2 was also the known regulator of ferroptosis. Inhibition or overexpression of lncRNA Gm47283 could regulate Ptgs2 expression and downstream ferroptosis activity. Overexpression of miR-706 could inhibit the expression of Ptgs2 and the activity of ferroptosis, thereby attenuated cellular injury. Mechanically, co-transfection experiments showed that overexpression of miR-706 could reverse the damage effect that was caused by lncRNA Gm47283 overexpression, via inhibiting Ptgs2 and ferroptosis. Additionally, inhibition of lncRNA Gm47283 by stem cell membrane coated siRNA could attenuate MI in vivo. Our study elucidated a novel mechanism containing lncRNA Gm47283/miR-706/Ptgs2/ferroptosis in MI, which provided a potential therapeutic for MI. Graphical Abstract. Stem cell membrane coated siRNA of lncRNA Gm47283 inhibits cardiomyocyte ferroptosis in myocardial infarction rat. Stem cell membrane-coated siRNA of lncRNA Gm47283 increases miR-706, and then miR-706 suppresses the expression of Ptgs2 to reduce lipid peroxidation toxicity, and then inhibits cardiomyocyte ferroptosis. PUFA: polyunsaturated fatty acid.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Diseases with Milk Products Supplemented with Long-Chain Omega-3-Fatty Acids; In two interventional studies in man, the influence of the consumption of n-3-LC-PUFA-enriched yoghurt was examined on cardiovascular risk factors (blood lipids). The volunteers consumed the intervention products with 08 g n-3-LC-PUFA/125 g yoghurt or comparator products for a period of 5 or 10 weeks. Blood samples were taken at the start and end of each phase.
n3-polyunsaturated fatty acid content of some edible fish from Bahrain waters; This study was performed to determine the content of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids in 10 fish species that are commonly consumed in Bahrain in addition to the main commercial shrimp species. White sardinella, which is a plankton feeder, had the highest content of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids. It had the highest value of eicosapentaenoic acid (146.5 +/- 20 mg 100 g(-1)) and linolenic acid (98.9 +/- 100 g(-1)) and the second highest value of docosahexaenoic acid at (133.7 +/- 22 mg 100 g(-1)). Spanish mackerel which feeds mainly on sardinella was second with eicosapentaenoc acid at 55 +/- 5.4 mg 100 g(-1), docosahexaenoic acid at 161 +/- 19.8 mg 100 g(-1), linolenic acid at 16.4 mg 100 g(-1) and docosapentaenoic acid at 25 +/- 1.9 mg 100 g(-1). Rabbitfish, the most popular edible fish in Bahrain which feeds mainly on benthic algae had the third highest content of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids with eicosapentaenoic acid at 37.5 +/- 3.9 mg 100 g(-1), docosahexaenoic acid at 76 +/- 6.7 mg 100 g(-1), and docosapentaenoic acid at 85.8 +/- 10 mg 100 g(-1). The other fish and crustacean species studied were Arabian carpet shark, doublebar bream, grouper, gray grunt, golden travally, keeled mullet, spangled emperor and shrimp. The study explores the transfer of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids through the food webs of the examined fish. It is apparent, generally, that plankton feeders displayed the highest content of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids followed by seaweed and algae grazers, with benthic carnivores feeding on invertebrates displaying the poorest content. The values reported here, however, are much lower than those reported for fish available in American markets and in Mediterranean fish. Warm water temperature and high salinity which lead to lowering of the density of phytoplankton and phytoplankton content of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids are suggested as the reason for the observed low values of n3- polyunsaturated fatty acids in Bahrain fish. (C) 1999 Academic Press.
A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial of Omega-3 and Sertraline in Depressed Patients With or at Risk for Coronary Heart Disease; Objective: Studies of depressed psychiatric patients have suggested that antidepressant efficacy can be increased by adding eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), one of the omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oils.The purpose of this study was to determine whether the addition of EPA improves the response to sertraline in depressed patients with or at high risk for coronary heart disease (CHD).
Exogenous modification of platelet membranes with the omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA reduces platelet procoagulant activity and thrombus formation; Larson MK, Tormoen GW, Weaver LJ, Luepke KJ, Patel IA, Hjelmen CE, Ensz NM, McComas LS, McCarty OJ. Exogenous modification of platelet membranes with the omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA reduces platelet procoagulant activity and thrombus formation. Am J Physiol Cell Physiol 304: C273-C279, 2013. First published November 21, 2012; doi: 10.1152/ajpcell.00174.2012.-Several studies have implicated the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in inhibition of normal platelet function, suggesting a role for platelets in EPA-and DHA-mediated cardioprotection. However, it is unclear whether the cardio-protective mechanisms arise from alterations to platelet-platelet, platelet-matrix, or platelet-coagulation factor interactions. Our previous results led us to hypothesize that EPA and DHA alter the ability of platelets to catalyze the generation of thrombin. We tested this hypothesis by exogenously modifying platelet membranes with EPA and DHA, which resulted in compositional changes analogous to increased dietary EPA and DHA intake. Platelets treated with EPA and DHA showed reductions in the rate of thrombin generation and exposure of platelet phosphatidylserine. In addition, treatment of platelets with EPA and DHA decreased thrombus formation and altered the processing of thrombin precursor proteins. Furthermore, treatment of whole blood with EPA and DHA resulted in increased occlusion time and a sharply reduced accumulation of fibrin under flow conditions. These results demonstrate that EPA and DHA inhibit, but do not eliminate, the ability of platelets to catalyze thrombin generation in vitro. The ability of EPA and DHA to reduce the procoagulant function of platelets provides a possible mechanism behind the cardioprotective phenotype in individuals consuming high levels of EPA and DHA.
Habitual Diets Rich in Dark-Green Vegetables Are Associated with an Increased Response to ω-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation in Americans of African Ancestry; Although substantial variation exists in individual responses to omega-3 (omega-3) (n-3) fatty acid supplementation, the causes for differences in response are largely unknown. Here we investigated the associations between the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and a broad range of nutritional and clinical factors collected during a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in participants of African ancestry, randomly assigned to receive either 2 g eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + 1 g docosahexaenoic acid (n = 41) or corn/soybean oil placebo (n = 42) supplements for 6 wk. Food-frequency questionnaires were administered, and changes in erythrocyte lipids, lipoproteins, and monocyte 5-lipoxygenase-dependent metabolism were measured before and after supplementation. Mixed-mode linear regression modeling identified high (n = 28) and low (n = 13) omega-3 fatty acid response groups on the basis of changes in erythrocyte EPA abundance (P < 0.001). Compliance was equivalent (similar to 88%), whereas decreases in plasma triglycerides and VLDL particle sizes and reductions in stimulated monocyte leukotriene B-4 production were larger in the high-response group. Although total diet quality scores were similar, the low-response group showed lower estimated 2005 Healthy Eating Index subscores for dark-green and orange vegetables and legumes (P = 0.01) and a lower intake of vegetables (P = 0.02), particularly dark-green vegetables (P = 0.002). Because the findings reported here are associative in nature, prospective studies are needed to determine if dietary dark-green vegetables or nutrients contained in these foods can enhance the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid supplements. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00536185.
Resolvins: Anti-Inflammatory and Proresolving Mediators Derived from Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential to health, and deficiencies in these PUFAs are linked to chronic disease. Although important insights into the diverse biological roles of PUFAs have been made, the mechanistic basis underlying their protective actions is still emerging. Studies over the past decade have elucidated that omega-3 PUFAs are enzymatically converted into bioactive autacoids that have inflammation-resolving properties. Among these, resolvins have emerged as an important family that has potent and stereospecific immunomodulatory roles, elucidation of which has contributed to a growing body of literature demonstrating that resolution of acute inflammation is an active process. In addition to their direct interactions with immune cells, resolvins have effects on nonimmune cells as well, suggesting a much broader role in biological systems than originally appreciated. In this review, we describe the endogenous biosynthesis and immunomodulatory actions of resolvins and highlight their emerging roles in health and disease.
Effects of Omega-3 and Antioxidant Cocktail Supplement on Prolonged Bed Rest: Results from Serum Proteome and Sphingolipids Analysis; Physical inactivity or prolonged bed rest (BR) induces muscle deconditioning in old and young subjects and can increase the cardiovascular disease risk (CVD) with dysregulation of the lipemic profile. Nutritional interventions, combining molecules such as polyphenols, vitamins and essential fatty acids, can influence some metabolic features associated with physical inactivity and decrease the reactive oxidative and nitrosative stress (RONS). The aim of this study was to detect circulating molecules correlated with BR in serum of healthy male subjects enrolled in a 60-day BR protocol to evaluate a nutritional intervention with an antioxidant cocktail as a disuse countermeasure (Toulouse COCKTAIL study). The serum proteome, sphingolipidome and nitrosoproteome were analyzed adopting different mass spectrometry-based approaches. Results in placebo-treated BR subjects indicated a marked decrease of proteins associated with high-density lipoproteins (HDL) involved in lipemic homeostasis not found in the cocktail-treated BR group. Moreover, long-chain ceramides decreased while sphingomyelin increased in the BR cocktail-treated group. In placebo, the ratio of S-nitrosylated/total protein increased for apolipoprotein D and several proteins were over-nitrosylated. In cocktail-treated BR subjects, the majority of protein showed a pattern of under-nitrosylation, except for ceruloplasmin and hemopexin, which were over-nitrosylated. Collectively, data indicate a positive effect of the cocktail in preserving lipemic and RONS homeostasis in extended disuse conditions.
Data on effects, tolerability and safety of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Enteral Nutrition in the Critically ill; In addition to the data reported in our systematic review and meta-analysis 'Current Evidence on Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Enteral Nutrition in the Critically ill' we present data on intensive care unit and hospital mortality, age distribution between included studies, tolerability and adverse events of enteral omega-3 supplementation compared with control interventions in the critically ill. Moreover, we report additional analyses on 28-day mortality comparing old versus new studies and high versus low quality trials. Finally, we report baseline and follow-up levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) reported in the trials included in Koekkoek et al. (2018). For further interpretation and discussion we recommend reading our systematic review and meta-analysis Current Evidence on Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Enteral Nutrition in the Critically ill'. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Beneficial effect(s) of n-3 fatty acids in cardiovascular diseases: but, why and how?; Low rates of coronary heart disease was found in Greenland Eskimos and Japanese who are exposed to a diet rich in fish oil. Suggested mechanisms for this cardio-protective effect focused on the effects of n-3 fatty acids on eicosanoid metabolism, inflammation, beta oxidation, endothelial dysfunction, cytokine growth factors, and gene expression of adhesion molecules; But, none of these mechanisms could adequately explain the beneficial actions of n-3 fatty acids. One attractive suggestion is a direct cardiac effect of n-3 fatty acids on arrhythmogenesis. N-3 fatty acids can modify Na+ channels by directly binding to the channel proteins and thus, prevent ischemia-induced ventricular fibrillation and sudden cardiac death. Though this is an attractive explanation, there could be other actions as well. N-3 fatty acids can inhibit the synthesis and release of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin-1 (IL-1) and IL-2 that are released during the early course of ischemic heart disease. These cytokines decrease myocardial contractility and induce myocardial damage, enhance the production of free radicals, which can also suppress myocardial function. Further, n-3 fatty acids can increase parasympathetic tone leading to an increase in heart rate variability and thus, protect the myocardium against ventricular arrhythmias. Increased parasympathetic tone and acetylcholine, the principle vagal neurotransmitter, significantly attenuate the release of TNF, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-18. Exercise enhances parasympathetic tone, and the production of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 which may explain the beneficial action of exercise in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus. TNF alpha has neurotoxic actions, where as n-3 fatty acids are potent neuroprotectors and brain is rich in these fatty acids. Based on this, it is suggested that the principle mechanism of cardioprotective and neuroprotective action(s) of n-3 fatty acids can be due to the suppression of TNF alpha and IL synthesis and release, modulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal anti-inflammatory responses, and an increase in acetylcholine release, the vagal neurotransmitter. Thus, there appears to be a close interaction between the central nervous system, endocrine organs, cytokines, exercise, and dietary n-3 fatty acids. This may explain why these fatty acids could be of benefit in the management of conditions such as septicemia and septic shock, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, inflammatory bowel diseases, diabetes mellitus, essential hypertension and atherosclerosis. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Diet and Gut Microbes Act Coordinately to Enhance Programmed Cell Death and Reduce Colorectal Cancer Risk; Diet is an important risk factor for colorectal cancer (CRC), and several dietary constituents implicated in CRC are modified by gut microbial metabolism. Microbial fermentation of dietary fiber produces short-chain fatty acids, e.g., acetate, propionate, and butyrate. Dietary fiber has been shown to reduce colon tumors in animal models, and, in vitro, butyrate influences cellular pathways important to cancer risk. Furthermore, work from our group suggests that the combined effects of butyrate and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may enhance the chemopreventive potential of these dietary constituents. We postulate that the relatively low intakes of n-3 PUFA and fiber in Western populations and the failure to address interactions between these dietary components may explain why chemoprotective effects of n-3 PUFA and fermentable fibers have not been detected consistently in prospective cohort studies. In this review, we summarize the evidence outlining the effects of n-3 long-chain PUFA and highly fermentable fiber with respect to alterations in critical pathways important to CRC prevention, particularly intrinsic mitochondrial-mediated programmed cell death resulting from the accumulation of lipid reactive oxygen species (ferroptosis), and epigenetic programming related to lipid catabolism and beta-oxidation-associated genes.
The omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA decrease plasma F<sub>2</sub>-isoprostanes: Results from two placebo-controlled interventions; Omega-3 (omega 3) fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), protect against cardiovascular disease. Despite these benefits, concern remains that (omega 3 fatty acids may increase lipid peroxidation. It has previously been shown that urinary F-2-isoprostanes (F-2-IsoPs) were reduced following w3 fatty acid supplementation in humans. It is now determined whether EPA or DHA supplementation affects plasma F-2-IsoPs. In two 6-week placebo-controlled interventions, Study A: overweight, dyslipidaemic men; and Study B: treated-hypertensive Type 2 diabetic, patients were randomized to 4 g daily EPA, DHA. Post-intervention plasma F-2-IsoPs were significantly reduced by EPA (24% in Study A, 19% in Study B) and by DHA (14% in Study A, 23% in Study B) relative to the olive oil group. The fall in plasma F2-lsoPs was not altered in analyses that corrected for changes in plasma arachidonic acid, which was reduced with EPA and DHA supplementation. Neither F-3-nor F-4-IsoPs were observed in plasma in both studies. These results show that in humans, EPA and DHA reduce in vivo oxidant stress as measured in human plasma and urine.
A Low Dietary Ratio of Omega-6 to Omega-3 Fatty Acids May Delay Progression of Prostate Cancer; Prostate cancer (PCa) is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in men. Studies show that consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) modulates the development and progression of prostate cancer. High amounts of omega-6 fatty acids have been linked with increased prostate cancer risk, whereas omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to inhibit PCa growth. However, because omega-3 and omega-6 are both essential fatty acids and part of a complete diet, it is more relevant to determine the ideal ratio of the two that would allow patients to benefit from the therapeutic properties of omega-3 fatty acids. LNCaP prostate cancer cells were treated with dietary-based ratios of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids under hormone-deprivation conditions, and effects on various cellular processes were determined. A low omega-6 to omega-3 PUFA ratio can delay the progression of cells toward castration-resistance by suppressing pathways involved in prostate cancer progression, such as the Akt/mTOR/NFB axis. It also suppresses the expression of cyclin D1, and activation of caspase-3 and annexin V staining shows induction of proapoptotic events. Taken together, our data demonstrates that maintaining a low omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids ratio can enhance efficacy of hormone ablation therapy.
Efficacy of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids after myocardial infarction: Results of GISSI-Prevenzione trial; Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Soprav-vivenza nell'Infarto Miocardio (GISSI)-Prevenzione was conceived as a population, pragmatic trial on patients with recent myocardial infarctions conducted in the framework of the Italian public health system. In GISSI-Prevenzione, patients were invited to follow Mediterranean dietary habits, and were treated with up-to-date preventive pharmacological interventions. Long-term n-3 PUFA (1 g daily) but not vitamin E (300 mg daily,) was beneficial for death and for combined death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, and stroke. All the benefit, however, was attributable to the decrease in risk for overall, cardiovascular, cardiac, coronary, and sudden death.
Fish consumption and risk of myocardial infarction: a systematic review and dose-response meta analysis suggests a regional difference; Limited evidence suggests that the association between fish consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease may be confounded by some regional-related factors. We aimed to quantify the association of fish consumption with risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and to clarify the shape of the dose-response relation in Western and Asian countries. A systematic literature review was performed in PubMed and Scopus from inception to January 2018. Prospective observational studies reporting risk estimates of MI for 3 or more quantitative categories of fish intake were included. A random-effects dose-response meta-analysis was conducted. Eleven prospective cohort studies, comprising a total of 398,221 participants and 8468 cases of MI, were analyzed. A significant inverse association was found for the highest compared with the lowest category of fish intake (relative risk: 0.73, 95% confidence interval: 0.59-0.87; I-2 = 72%) and for a 15-g/d (105 g/wk, approximately equal to a 1 serving/wk) increment in fish consumption (relative risk: 0.96, 95% confidence interval: 0.94-0.99; I-2 = 65%). A subgroup analysis showed a significant inverse association only in the subgroup of Asian studies as compared to Western studies. A nonlinear dose-response analysis suggested a linear decrement in the risk with the increase in fish consumption in the analysis of Asian studies. A modest U-shaped association was observed in the analysis of Western studies. In conclusion, higher fish consumption was associated with a lower risk of MI. However, considering the observed regional difference in this association, further observational studies are needed to provide more detailed explanations about this difference. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Customized Prevention Trials Could Resolve the Controversy of the Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Cancer; Literature data revealed that the benefits of consuming omega-3 fatty acid (n-3FA) supplements such as fish oil with the goal of reducing the incidence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer remain controversial. The purpose of this commentary is to discuss factors that may account for the inconsistency of results across different studies. Critical review of the published data, including our own preclinical and clinical studies, strongly suggests that customized clinical prevention trials are needed to resolve the above-mentioned controversy. Specifically, in order to develop a personalized cancer prevention strategy, more attention should be given to multiple factors including the dose of the n-3FA, the specific placebo used as a comparator, duration of administration, type of intervention (primary vs secondary prevention trial), specific compound (DHA vs EPA vs their metabolites), the ratio of n-3FA:n-6FA and the target population tested (high vs average risk).
Effect of Treatment with Omega-3 Fatty Acids on C-Reactive Protein and Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alfa in Hemodialysis Patients; C-reactive protein (CRP), a strong independent risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and tumor necrosis factor-alfa (TNF-a), a known pro-inflammatory cytokine, are elevated and have damaging effects in patients with chronic renal failure (CRF). Omega-3 fatty acids play an important modulatory role in inflammatory responses. The aim of this study is to review the alterations in serum levels of TNF-a, CRP and other parameters caused by omega-3 supplementation in dialysis patients. The clinical trial was performed in 37 patients with end-stage renal disease undergoing dialysis in hemodialysis centers of three university hospitals in Tabriz. Blood samples were obtained from the study patients for hemoglobin, albumin, ferritin, triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, TNF-a and high specific-CRP (hs-CRP) measurement. The patients received 3 g omega-3 per day for 2 months. The side-effects noticed were nausea, diarrhea and dyspepsia and undesired drug smell. The difference noted in hemoglobin, albumin, ferritin, CRP, triglyceride, total, LDL and HDL-cholesterol before and after supplementation with omega-3 fatty acid was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). However, the use of omega-3 decreased the serum levels of TNF-a significantly. We conclude that the use of 3 g of omega-3 per day caused significant decrease in serum levels of TNF-a in the dialysis population, and its use is recommended in such patients.
A method for determining regioisomer abundances of polyunsaturated triacylglycerols in omega-3 enriched fish oils using reversed-phase liquid chromatography and triple-stage mass spectrometry; Reversed-phase high performance liquid chromatography (RP-HPLC), followed by post-column addition of lithium salts and electrospray ionisation triple-stage mass spectrometry (ESI-MS3) of lithiated TAG adducts, is shown to provide a useful method for the positional analysis of triacylglycerols (TAGs) in fish oils containing eicosapentaenoic (EPA, 20:5) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA, 22:6). One prominent fragmentation pathway in the ESI-MS3 of these adduct ions involves the loss of a fatty acid from the sn-1/3 position in the first step followed by the loss of an alpha,beta-unsaturated fatty acid from the sn-2 position in the second. Regioisomeric TAGs of the type ABA and AAB produced abundant product ions - [ABA + Li - RACOON - R'BCH=CHCOOH](+) and (AAB + Li - RACOON - R'ACH=CHCOOH](+) - the relative intensities of which were dependent on the position of acyl substituents. Standard solutions of TAGs containing different ratios of the regioisomeric pairs MME/MEM, PPE/PEP, PPD/PDP, EEP/EPE and DDP/DPD (M = 14:0, P = 16:0, E = 20:5,0 = 22:6) were analysed by ESI-MS3 with a quadrupole linear ion trap instrument. Methodology developed on the standards was applied to quantifying the relative isomeric abundances of EPA and DHA in several fish oil samples. DHA was preferentially located at the sn-2 position in both DHA-containing TAGs studied, while EPA was either observed at near equal levels in all positions, or predominantly at the sn-1 and -3 positions in some cases. The analysis protocol allows for quantification of the designated regioisomers in one simple, rapid chromatographic procedure using a single column and has the advantage of specificity over other methods for the positional analysis of TAGs, since it eliminates interferences associated with co-eluting TAGs of the same molecular weight that yield isobaric diacylglycerol-like product ions. Crown Copyright (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Promising Nutrients for Preventing Cardiovascular Disease; The adoption of the Western-style diet, with decreased fish intake and lack of exercise, has increased the prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Japan. Statin treatment has been established to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events; however, 60%-70% of these events occur despite its use. Thus, the residual risk for CVD should be identified and resolved to reduce further cardiovascular events. The serum levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, are reportedly associated with an increased incidence of cardiovascular events and mortality, whereas the addition of n-3 PUFA treatment to the statin treatment decreases cardiovascular events. Similar to statins, n-3 PUFAs have pleiotropic effects in addition to lipid-modifying effects. Pre-clinical and clinical studies have shown that n-3 PUFAs prevent cardiovascular events by ameliorating endothelial function and attenuating lipid accumulation, vascular inflammation, and macrophage recruitment, thereby causing coronary plaque development and rupture. Taken together, n-3 PUFAs are comprehensively able to attenuate the atherogenic response. Therefore, n-3 PUFA intake is recommended to prevent cardiovascular events, particularly in patients with multiple cardiovascular risk factors.
Plasma fatty acids and the risk of vascular disease and mortality outcomes in individuals with type 2 diabetes: results from the ADVANCE study; Aims/hypothesis This biomarker study aimed to quantify the association of essential and other plasma fatty acid biomarkers with macrovascular disease, microvascular disease and death in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Methods A case-cohort study (N = 3576), including 654 macrovascular events, 341 microvascular events and 631 deaths during 5 years of (median) follow-up, was undertaken as a secondary analysis of the Action in Diabetes and Vascular Disease: Preterax and Diamicron Modified-Release Controlled Evaluation (ADVANCE) study (full details of the study design and primary endpoints of the ADVANCE trial and its case-cohort have been published previously). This current study considers new data: fatty acids measured from baseline plasma samples by proton NMR analysis. The fatty acids measured were n-3, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), n-6, linoleic acid, and polyunsaturated, monounsaturated and saturated fatty acids. HRs were modelled per SD higher (percentage) fatty acid. C statistics and continuous net reclassification improvement were used to test the added value of fatty acids compared with traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Results After adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk factors, an inverse association was observed for n-3 fatty acids and DHA with the risk of macrovascular events (HR [95% CI]: 0.87 [0.80, 0.95] and 0.88 [0.81, 0.96], respectively, per 1 SD higher percentage), and for n-3 fatty acids with the risk of death (HR 0.91 [95% CI 0.84, 0.99] per 1 SD higher percentage). Such associations were also evident when investigating absolute levels of fatty acids. There were no statistically significant associations between any fatty acids and microvascular disease after adjustment. However, there was limited improvement in the predictive ability of models when any fatty acid was added. Conclusions/interpretation Plasma n-3 fatty acids and DHA were found to be inversely associated with macrovascular disease, while n-3 fatty acids were also inversely associated with death. These results support the cardioprotective effects of n-3 fatty acids and DHA and further merit testing the role of high-dose supplementation with n-3 fatty acids in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Comparison of the deleterious effects of yaji and cadmium chloride on testicular physiomorphological and oxidative stress status: The gonadoprotective effects of an omega-3 fatty acid; Objective: This study investigated testicular oxidative stress status and physiomorphological function in Wistar rats fed with yaji and cadmium chloride (CdCl2).
Serum Fatty Acids, Traditional Risk Factors, and Comorbidity as Related to Myocardial Injury in an Elderly Population with Acute Myocardial Infarction; Background. Epidemiological and randomized clinical trials indicate that marine polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may have cardioprotective effects. Aim. Evaluate the associations between serum fatty acid profile, traditional risk factors, the presence of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and peak Troponin T (TnT) levels in elderly patients with an acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Materials and Methods. Patients (n = 299) consecutively included in the ongoing Omega-3 fatty acids in elderly patients with myocardial infarction (OMEMI) trial were investigated. Peak TnT was registered during the hospital stay. Serum fatty acid analysis was performed 2-8 weeks later. Results. No significant correlations between peak TnT levels and any of the n-3 PUFAs were observed. However, patients with a history of atrial fibrillation had significantly lower docosahexaenoic acid levels than patients without. Significantly lower peak TnT levels were observed in patients with a history of hyperlipidemia, angina, MI, atrial fibrillation, intermittent claudication, and previous revascularization (all p < 0.02). Conclusions. In an elderly population with AMI, no association between individual serum fatty acids and estimated myocardial infarct size could be demonstrated. However, a history of hyperlipidemia and the presence of CVD were associated with lower peak TnT levels, possibly because of treatment with cardioprotective medications.
Omega-3 fatty acids, cardiovascular risk, and the resolution of inflammation; Although a high marine food intake is considered cardioprotective, randomized trials of -3 fatty acids initially generated conflicting results in terms of the role of -3 supplementation in cardiovascular prevention. This work demonstrates the results of the 3 most recent clinical trials with -3 fatty acids are put into the context of possible mechanisms mediating their beneficial cardiovascular effects. In particular, the randomized Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with EPA Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) showed that icosapent ethyl, which is the ethyl ester form of the -3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), induced a significant reduction of cardiovascular events. Importantly, EPA serves as a substrate for the formation of the specialized proresolving mediator resolvin E1 (RvE1), which stimulates the resolution of inflammation. RvE1 reduces atherosclerosis and intimal hyperplasia by means of its specific receptor ERV1/ChemR23. The decreased levels of proinflammatory and proatherosclerotic leukotrienes by -3 fatty acids may further contribute to a beneficial inflammatory balance. Consequently, the Rv/leukotriene ratio is emerging as a marker of nonresolving vascular inflammation. Recent experimental studies have shown that anti-inflammatory and proresolving effects of lipid mediators derived from -3 fatty acids inhibit atherosclerosis independently of cholesterol and triglyceride levels. The results of the 3 most recent clinical trials of -3 fatty acid supplementation indicate an importance of the type and dose of -3 supplementation and highlight the need for risk stratification in the patient selection for -3 supplementation for either primary or secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.Back, M., Hansson, G. K. Omega-3 fatty acids, cardiovascular risk, and the resolution of inflammation.
Long-Term Comparison of Ethyl Icosapentate vs. Omega-3-Acid Ethyl in Patients With Cardiovascular Disease and Hypertriglyceridemia (DEFAT Trial); Background: Numerous studies have demonstrated a reduction in cardiovascular events when the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) level is decreased by statin therapy. However, despite good control of LDL, cardiovascular events may increase if the triglyceride (TG) level is high. We conducted a long-term comparison of treatment of hypertriglyceridemia with ethyl icosapentate (EPA) vs. omega-3-acid ethyl (EPA+docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]).
N-3 FATTY-ACIDS AND VENTRICULAR EXTRASYSTOLES IN PATIENTS WITH VENTRICULAR TACHYARRHYTHMIAS; The purpose of the Study was to examine the effect of a dietary supplement with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on ventricular arrhythmias (extrasystoles) and on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in a double blind placebo-controlled design. Thirty-five patients discharged from the Department of Cardiology with a diagnosis of ventricular tachyarrhythmia between January 1988 and September 1991 were asked to participate in tile study and 24 patients gave their informed consent. These patients were randomized to receive either 5.2 g of n-3 PUFAs daily (4.3 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) as 8 capsules of Pikasol(R) or corn oil rich in n-6 PUFAs (controls). The supplements were given for 16 weeks. A 48 hour Holter-recording was obtained and fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and repeated 16 weeks later at tile end of the study in order to monitor the number of ventricular extrasystoles/48 h (VE/48 h), fasting plasma lipids and lipoproteins. Tile median logarithmic number of VE/48 h (1rd-3st quartiles within parentheses) decreased from 5.9 (1.6-6.7) to 2.9 (2.8-7.0) in tile n-3 group anti fi om 5.2 (4.0-7.7) to 4.6 (2.4-6.5) among controls. No statistically significant differences was found within or between tile two groups. Plasma triglycerides significantly decreased in the n-3 group, anti LDL-cholesterol signifi- cantly decreased in the control group. No significant changes were observed regarding total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol.
Role of Arginine and Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Wound Healing and Infection; Significance: Only a few decades ago, the primary focus of nutritional supplementation was to prevent deficiencies of essential nutrients. It is now recognized that, at higher than essential levels, selected nutrients can have a pharmacologic effect to prevent or treat disease.
Dietary n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intakes Modify the Effect of Genetic Variation in <i>Fatty Acid Desaturase 1</i> on Coronary Artery Disease; Background
Infusion of docosahexaenoic acid protects against myocardial infarction; Most of the cardioprotective effects of long-chain omega 3 fatty acids, namely docosahexaenoic (DHA; 22:6n-3) and eicosapentaenoic (EPA; 20:5n-3), are due to their hypotriglyceridemic and anti-inflammatory effects, which lower the risk for cardiovascular disease and myocardial infarction. Little is known on the direct preventive activities of DHA and EPA on heart function. In isolated hearts, we studied (1) whether infused DHA is able to protect the heart from ischemia/reperfusion damage and (2) the role played by Notch-mediated signal transduction pathways in myocardial infarction.
Heart rate variability and n-3 fatty acids in patients with chronic renal failure - a pilot study; Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) often have autonomic cardiac dysfunction, which can be assessed by measuring heart rate variability (HRV). This dysfunction prediposes the patients to sudden cardiac death. This study describes 24-hour HRV in patients with CRF compared to HRV in patients with a previous myocardial infarction (MI). Furthermore, associations between HRV in patients with CRF and the content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in cell membranes were examined, because n-3 PUFA may improve HRV. Twenty-nine patients with CRF treated with dialysis were enrolled. A 24-hour Holter recording was obtained at baseline and the HRV variables, RR (= mean of all normal RR intervals during the 24-hour recording and SDNN (= standard deviation of all normal RR intervals in the entire 24-hour recording) were analyzed. Also, granulocyte fatty acid composition was determined. The patients were allocated to dietary supplementation with either 5.2 g of n-3 PUFA or a placebo oil (olive oil) daily for 12 weeks in a double-blind design. At the end of the supplementation period the Holter recording and blood sampling were repeated. At baseline the CRF patients' mean SDNN was 86 ms compared to 118 ms (p <0.01) in patients with a previous MI. After supplementation with either n-3 PUFA or placebo a highly significant correlation was observed between the content of n-3 PUFA in cell membranes and HRV (r = 0.71, p <0.01). Furthermore, when the patients were dichotomized according to their mean SDNN, it was found, that those with the highest SDNN had a higher content of n-3 PUFA in cell membranes compared to those with the lowest SDNN (7.8% vs 4.2%, p <0.05). In conclusion, HRV was decreased in CRF patients indicating a cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction. The positive correlation between the n-3 PUFA content in cell membranes and HRV suggests that the effects of an increased intake of n-3 PUFA in CRF patients should be further studied.
Relationship between a3 and a6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and atrial fibrillation in acute ischemic stroke; Background & aims: Some omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are said to demonstrate a dose-related risk of atrial fibrillation (AF), conversely, some omega 6 PUFAs might have AF protective potential. However, few investigated the relation among ischemic strokes. Primarily, we aimed to examine a relation between omega 3 and omega 6 PUFAs and the presence of AF in ischemic strokes. Further, since, some PUFAs are said to affect the cardiac load, we secondarily aimed to investigate the association between omega 3 and omega 6 PUFAs and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the occurrence of cerebral large vessel occlusion (LVO) in ischemic strokes with AF. Methods: Consecutive patients with ischemic stroke admitted between 2012 and 2022 were retrospectively screened. Plasma levels of PUFAs, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) and arachidonic acid (AA), were assayed. Data were analyzed using a Poisson regression analysis with a robust variance estimator and a multiple linear regression analysis. Results: We screened 2112 consecutive ischemic strokes, including 1574 (1119 [71%] males, median age 69 years). Lower DGLA (prevalence ratio (PR) 0.885, 95% CI 0.811-0.966, p = 0.006), lower AA (PR 0.797, 95% CI 0.649-0.978, p = 0.030), and higher EPA/AA ratio (PR 1.353, 95% CI 1.036-1.767, p = 0.026) were associated with AF. Checking the linearity between AF and PUFAs, negative linear trends were observed between DGLA quartiles (Q1: PR 1.901, Q2: PR 1.550, Q3: PR 1.423, Q4: 1.000, p < 0.001 for trend) and AA quartiles (Q1: PR 1.499, Q2: PR 1.204, Q3: PR 1.125, Q4: 1.000, p = 0.004 for trend), with positive linear trends between EPA/AA ratio quartiles (Q1: 1.000, Q2: PR 1.555, Q3: PR 1.612, Q4: PR 1.797, p = 0.001 for trend). Among patients with AF, a negative association between AA and BNP (unstandardized coefficient -1.316, 95% CI -2.290 similar to-0.342, p = 0.008) was observed, and lower AA was associated with LVO (PR 0.707, 95% CI 0.527-0.950, p = 0.021). Conclusion: Lower DGLA and AA and a higher EPA/AA ratio might be related to the development of AF in ischemic strokes. Further, AA might have a cardio-cerebrovascular protective role in ischemic strokes with AF. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
Evidence That Forage-Fed Cows Can Enhance Milk Quality; Researching the distinguishing factors of nutritional milk quality is key to sustainable production and addresses increasing media and scientific scrutiny regarding human health effects and ecological impacts of dairy products. Modern Western diets have high omega-6 relative to omega-3 fatty acid (FA) consumption. This ratio in milk can be manipulated by management practices; increasing forage in dairy diets raises omega-3 in milk. Whilst studies identify higher concentrations of nutritionally beneficial FAs in organic dairy, milk from 100% forage-fed cows in the UK has not been investigated. This study explores differences in FA composition between supermarket conventional and organic and Pasture for Life Association (PFLA) milk, collected in April, July and October, 2017. PFLA milk had higher concentrations of conjugated linoleic acid (+94%) and omega-3 (+92%) than conventional milk. Additionally, concentrations of palmitic acid (+11%), omega-6 (+69%) and the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 (+201%) were higher in conventional than PFLA milk. PFLA milk had higher concentrations of alpha-linolenic acid (+39%), conjugated linoleic acid (+30%) and omega-3 (+21%) and lower concentrations of omega-6 (-36%) and a lower ratio of omega-6/omega-3 (-44%) than organic milk. This supports previous studies and demonstrates the scope to improve milk FA profiles further for potential health benefits through pasture-based management.
Omega 3 rich diet modulates energy metabolism via GPR120-Nrf2 crosstalk in a novel antioxidant mouse model; With obesity rates reaching epidemic proportions, more studies concentrated on reducing the risk and treating this epidemic are vital. Redox stress is an important metabolic regulator involved in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease, Type 2 diabetes, and obesity. Oxygen and nitrogen-derived free radicals alter glucose and lipid homeostasis in key metabolic tissues, leading to increases in risk of developing metabolic syndrome. Oxidants derived from dietary fat differ in their metabolic regulation, with numerous studies showing benefits from a high omega 3 rich diet compared to the frequently consumed "western diet" rich in saturated fat. Omega 3 (OM3) fatty acids improve lipid profile, lower inflammation, and ameliorate insulin resistance, possibly through maintaining redox homeostasis. This study is based on the hypothesis that altering endogenous antioxidant production and/or increasing OM3 rich diet consumption will improve energy metabolism and maintain insulin sensitivity. We tested the comparative metabolic effects of a diet rich in saturated fat (HFD) and an omega 3-enriched diet (OM3) in the newly developed 'stress-less' mice model that overexpresses the endogenous antioxidant catalase. Eight weeks of dietary intervention showed that mice overexpressing endogenous catalase compared to their wild-type controls when fed an OM3 enriched diet, in contrast to HFD, activated GPR120-Nrf2 cross-talk to maintain balanced energy metabolism, normal circadian rhythm, and insulin sensitivity. These findings suggest that redox regulation of GPR120/FFAR4 might be an important target in reducing risk of metabolic syndrome and associated diseases.
Moderate amounts of n-3 fatty acid enriched seafood products are effective in lowering serum triglycerides and blood pressure in healthy subjects; A double-blind cross-over study was conducted during two 3-week periods. Two series of seafood products were prepared, one containing n-3 fatty acids derived from fish oil triglyceride concentrate and one containing n-6 rich sunflower oil in identical amounts. These products were added to the subjects' ordinary diet. After a wash-out period of at least 4 weeks they switched over to the other diet. Twenty-three subjects with borderline high blood lipids participated, five women and 19 men, with a mean age of 48 +/- 9 years. The inclusion of the n-3 enriched seafood products in the diet caused significant reductions of serum triglycerides (25%) and of the systolic blood pressure of 3.7%. An increase in the proportion of long-chain fatty acids in the serum phospholipids after the fish oil period was pronounced. Positive effects were seen on insulin and free fatty acid concentrations with a reduction of 37% of free fatty acids on the fish oil period and of 18.6% of serum insulin concentration. An increase of malondialdehyde concentration in plasma by 21% was seen during the fish oil period. The positive effects on the serum triglyceride and blood pressure are interesting from the viewpoint of public health with regard to the risk of the cardiovascular disease.
Omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and ethanol-induced liver toxicity: Role of membrane remodeling; Alcoholic liver disease is characterized by an early development of steatosis that can progress to steatohepatitis or cirrhosis, but only for 20% of heavy drinkers. Nowadays, description of risk factors and of cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in the disease pathogenesis still remains incomplete. These last years, the plasma membrane microstructures called lipid rafts, were described as a new target for ethanol. Besides, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, naturally present in fat fish, were reported to be able to modulate physically and chemically the lipid raft microenvironment, with beneficial effects towards inflammation or cancer. In this context, the aim of the present review was to establish a link between omega 3-induced membrane alterations and their effects on the molecular mechanisms involved in alcoholic liver disease pathogenesis. (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
Serum Fatty Acids Are Associated with a Higher Risk of Ischemic Stroke; Stroke prevention, a significant public-health concern, begins with recognizing and addressing risk factors. Interventions targeted at modifiable risk factors can effectively prevent ischemic stroke, while Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to improve stroke outcomes. Our study aimed to investigate the relationship between ischemic-stroke risk factors and fatty acids using a prospective observational study with 274 patients. We collected clinical data on risk factors and measured fatty-acid levels using high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry. We found that several risk factors, including age, sex, smoking, atrial fibrillation, dyslipidemia, and previous stroke history, had a direct relationship with fatty acids. Of these, smoking had the most significant impact, negatively impacting levels of docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acid. Conversely, dyslipidemia and atrial fibrillation positively correlated with fatty acids, particularly in female patients and those with recurrent strokes. Age was found to directly correlate with other risk factors and variations in fatty-acid ratios. The stroke rate was higher in males than females before the age of 70, but this trend reversed. Our findings suggest that better management of risk factors, particularly modifiable lifestyle factors, could improve fatty-acid profiles and the balance of Omega-3 and Omega-6 in patients with ischemic stroke.
Survey of the erythrocyte EPA plus DHA levels in the heart attack/stroke belt; Background: The Omega-3 Index (O3I; erythrocyte EPA + DHA as a percent of total fatty acids) is inversely related to risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). The cardioprotective target O3I is 8%-12%. O3I levels in American regions with high CVD risk are poorly characterized.
Oxidation process intensity in microsomal fraction of rat liver under conditions of different supplementation with polyunsaturated fatty acids; The effect of fat compositions with the varying ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of families omega-3 and omega-6 on oxidation process intensity in microsomal fraction of rat liver has been investigated. The aim of the study was to investigate the level of markers of oxidative modification of lipids and protems in microsomal fraction of rat liver. Fat components in the experiment diets were presented by sunflower oil, soybean oil and fish oil. Rats were fed using one of the fillowing 5 diets for the period of 4 weeks: 1) AIN-93 diet with 7% sunflower oil and fish oil, with the inclusion of linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in the ratio of omega-6:omega-3 - 7:1 (control diet); 2) AIN-93 diet with 7% soybean oil, with the inclusion of linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid in the ratio of 7:1; 3) the diet containing only omega-6 PUFAs; 4) the diet containing only omega-3 PUFAs; 5) the diet without PUFAs. The fatty acid compositions of the diets were analysed by gas chromatography. We measured the primary and secondary lipoperoxidation products, proteins carbonyl derivatives and SH-groups of proteins. It was shown that inclusion of linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid in the ratio of 7:1 or omega-6 PUFAs into the animal diet increased lipid peroxidation in microsomal fraction of the rat liver as compared with the control group. Only omega-6 PUFAs increased the oxidative modification of proteins in microsomal fraction of the rat liver as compared with the control rat group. High dose of omega-3 PUFAs - eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid had no influence on free radical oxidation of lipids and proteins. Using the diet without PUFAs increased oxidation process intensity in microsomal fraction of rat liver. According to our study, omega-6 PUFAs increased the oxidative modification of lipids and proteins in microsomal fraction of the rat liver. omega-3 PUFAs, in particular, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, increased lipid and protein resistance to oxidative modification in microsomal fraction of the rat liver.
Polyunsaturated Fat Intake Estimated by Circulating Biomarkers and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and All-Cause Mortality in a Population-Based Cohort of 60-Year-Old Men and Women; Background High intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality. Large, prospective studies including both sexes and circulating PUFAs as dietary biomarkers are needed. We investigated sex-specific associations of the major dietary PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid, docohexaenoic acid, linoleic acid, and -linolenic acid, with incident CVD and all-cause mortality in a population-based cohort.
Omega-3-Rich Oils from Marine Side Streams and Their Potential Application in Food; Rapid population growth and increasing food demand have impacts on the environment due to the generation of residues, which could be managed using sustainable solutions such as the circular economy strategy (waste generated during food processing must be kept within the food chain). Reusing discarded fish remains is part of this management strategy, since they contain high-value ingredients and bioactive compounds that can be used for the development of nutraceuticals and functional foods. Fish side streams such as the head, liver, or skin or the cephalothorax, carapace, and tail from shellfish are important sources of oils rich in omega-3. In order to resolve the disadvantages associated with conventional methods, novel extraction techniques are being optimized to improve the quality and the oxidative stability of these high-value oils. Positive effects on cardiovascular and vision health, diabetes, cancer, anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective properties, and immune system improvement are among their recognized properties. Their incorporation into different model systems could contribute to the development of functional foods, with market benefits for consumers. These products improve the nutritional needs of specific population groups in a scenario where noncommunicable diseases and pandemic crises are responsible for several deaths worldwide.
Active substances of functional food in the prevention of arteriosclerosis -: Part 1:: Physiological effects of ω-3 fatty acids; Arteriosclerotic diseases have been the most frequent cause of death in Germany. Induced by chemical (hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia. homocysteinemia) noxae, endothelial lesions and disfunctions are the initial signs of a pathological development. Influenced by immunological and oxidative mechanisms, the arteriosclerotic process advances ultimately leading to a restriction of the vascular lumen. Many epidemiological studies and clinical intervention studies suggest vasoprotective effects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (EPA, DHA) present mainly in food of aquatic origin. Lately the commercial supply of functional food with omega-3 fatty acids has increased. Vasoprotective effects of long-chain omega-3 fatty acid effects include a hypotriglyceridemic action, modulation of the eicosanoid and cytokine snythesis, and inhibition of blood coagulation. omega-3 fatty acids, moreover, reduce the expression of adhesion factors, stimulate endothelial vasodilatation and show slight to moderate hypotonic action. The present paper provides a survey of the pathogenesis of arteriosclerosis and the influence of omega-3 fatty acids in primary and secondary prophylaxis.
Effect of n-3 fatty acids on heart rate variability and baroreflex sensitivity in middle-aged subjects; Background N-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of sudden death by preventing life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias. Heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) reflect cardiac autonomic regulation; reduced values predict arrhythmic events and mortality. Effects of n-3 fatty acids on these risk indicators of arrhythmia have not been widely studied. We investigated the effect of supplemental intake of n-3 fatty acids on HRV and BRS in apparently healthy subjects aged 50 to 70 years.
Lecithin derived from ω-3 PUFA fortified eggs decreases blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats; Hypertension is the most common risk factor for stroke, coronary heart disease and heart failure, which are the leading causes of death worldwide. Dietary patterns and supplements intakes are becoming important factors in the hypertension. The aim of this study was to estimate the effects of new generation egg yolk phospholipids rich in lecithin (SL) esterified with omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids on blood pressure in hypertensive rats (SHR). Here we have reported that lecithin (SL) derived from egg yolk lowers blood pressure in pathology of hypertension. The SHR rats treated with SL had significantly lower blood pressure than control group (157/104 vs. 178/121 mmHg; P < 0.05) and down-regulated mesenteric artery over-response to norepinephrine and potassium chloride, giving similar arterial response as for normotensive Wistar Kyoto rats (WKY). Hypertensive rats treated by SL demonstrated significantly lower serum level of inflammatory factors. This work also indicates that SL treatment lowers heart rate and reduces the serum level of oxidative stress marker - nitrotyrosine - by 30-34% in both hypertensive and normotensive animals. Phospholipids with lecithin derived from PUFA fortified eggs may be a valuable dietary supplement in prophylaxis of hypertension and in patients with hypertension, however, this requires further studies on humans.
Interaction of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with radiation therapy in two different colorectal cancer cell lines; Background & aims: This study aims at evaluating if docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) increases the efficacy of radiation therapy (RT) on two human colorectal cancer cell lines with different radio-sensitivity.
Plasma fatty acid composition and some markers of dietary habits are associated with cardiovascular disease risk determined by an atherogenic plasma index in postmenopausal women; It is hypothesized that plasma proportion of selected fatty acids (FAs) and dietary habits are linked with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in postmenopausal women. Therefore, this study was designed to determine the association of plasma FA composition and mark-ers of dietary habits with an atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), a predictor of CVD risk in postmenopausal women. In total, 87 postmenopausal women with an average age of 57 & PLUSMN; 7 years were recruited and their dietary intake, anthropometric and biochemical parameters, and FA status in total plasma lipid proportions were determined, showing that 65.5% of the participants had a high risk of CVD according to their AIP value. After adjusting for some confounders (age, body mass index, and physical activity level), the risk of CVD was only positively associated with the frequency of consumption of animal fat spreads (butter and lard) of terrestrial origin. Regarding the FA profile, CVD risk was positively associated with the percentages of vaccenic acid, dihomo- & gamma; -linolenic acid, and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA; mainly n-7) in total FA, as well as the MUFA/SFA ratio in total plasma and stearoyl-CoA desaturase-16 activity (16:1/16:0 ratio). In contrast, the risk of CVD was negatively as-sociated with percentages of & alpha;-linolenic acid, total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and PUFA/MUFA ratio in total plasma lipid, and the estimated activity of A5-desaturase (20:4/20:3 n-6 ratio). These results support the current recommendations to decrease the frequency of animal fat spread intake because it is associated with a reduced CVD risk based on AIP in postmenopausal women. In accordance with these plasma percentages of ALA, vaccenic acid, dihomo- & gamma; -linolenic acid, PUFA, PUFA/MUFA ratio, and 16:1/16:0 ratio may be important parameters in CVD risk assessment.& COPY; 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
DIETARY OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS AND ENDOTHELIUM-DEPENDENT RESPONSES IN PORCINE CEREBRAL-ARTERIES; Purpose: We sought to determine the effect of dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cerebrovascular endothelium-dependent responses in studies performed on isolated porcine basilar arteries.
n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Cardiovascular Disease: Principles, Practices, Pitfalls, and Promises - A Contemporary Review; Amidst voluminous literature, inconsistencies and opposing results have confused rather than clarified cardiologists' ability to assess the potential benefits of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA). In perspective, there are common themes that emerge from n-3 PUFA studies, even as imperfect as they may be. The approach taken was to identify and unite these themes into a manageable, cohesive, evidence-based, yet useful synthesis. In all reviews and meta-analyses, the selection of component studies and assumptions influences outcomes. This overarching principle must be combined with the totality of the data, particularly when evidence is incompletely understood and gaps in knowledge must be bridged. Both the older literature and the most recent rigorous meta-analyses indicate that n-3 PUFA are highly pleiotropic agents with many documented positive physiological effects. Concordance among preclinical, observational, randomized clinical trials and meta-analyses is impressive. These agents have modest, statistically significant benefits which accrue over time. Given their favorable safety profile, a risk reduction of about 10% justifies their potential use in cardiovascular disease. (C) 2017 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Does the presence of cardiovascular disease risk factors or established disease influence the dietary intake of affected adults and their children residing in the same household? A secondary analysis of the Australian Health Survey (2011-2013); Background: Diet is an important contributor to risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and integral in management and delaying progression. Little is known however about whether increased CVD risk or established CVD has any influence on dietary intakes of Australian adults or children residing in the same household. This study aimed to determine whether the presence of CVD or CVD risk factors influences dietary intake of Australian adults and if the presence of an adult with increased CVD risk influences the dietary intake of a child living in the same household.
Effect of Plant- and Fish-Oil Derived <i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Counteraction of <i>n</i>-3 Fatty Acid Shortage in Adult Rats Fed a Lard Diet; These studies aimed to compare the effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)+eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)+docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on plasma-lipid concentrations and preferential fat intake of rats fed a lard diet (LD). Each of 2 groups of 4-wk-old male rats was used in studies 1 and 2. In Studies 1 and 2, two groups of rats received the LD (LD group) and the fish-oil diet (FD; FD group), and the LD and the perilla-oil diet (PD; PD group), respectively (dietary treatment period). After 6 wk, 6 rats per group were sacrificed. The remaining rats in studies 1 and 2 were placed on a self-selection regimen of the LD and the FD, and the LD and the PD. respectively, for 3 wk (self-selection period). After the dietary treatment period, plasma lipid concentrations in the FD group were lower than those in the LD group. However, no significant difference in the concentrations was observed between the LD group and the PD group. At the beginning of the self-selection period. the ratio of the FD intake of the LD group was higher than that of the FD group. As the the ratio of the LD group decreased and that of the FD group increased no significant difference in the ratio was observed after the 9th day during the self-selection period. No significant difference in the ratio of the PD intake was observed between the LD group and the PD group during the self-selection period. Thus, although the FD decreased plasma lipid concentration and increased the preferential FD intake of the LD group at the beginning of the self-selection period, the PD did not. Our studies clearly show that dietary EPA+DHA and ALA have different physiologic effects.
Omega-3 fatty acid prevents the development of heart failure by changing fatty acid composition in the heart; Some clinical trials showed that omega-3 fatty acid (FA) reduced cardiovascular events, but it remains unknown whether omega-3 FA supplementation changes the composition of FAs and their metabolites in the heart and how the changes, if any, exert beneficial effects on cardiac structure and function. To clarify these issues, we supplied omega-3 FA to mice exposed to pressure overload, and examined cardiac structure and function by echocardiography and a proportion of FAs and their metabolites by gas chromatography and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, respectively. Pressure overload induced cardiac hypertrophy and dysfunction, and reduced concentration of all FAs' components and increased free form arachidonic acid and its metabolites, precursors of pro-inflammatory mediators in the heart. Omega-3 FA supplementation increased both total and free form of eicosapentaenoic acid, a precursor of pro-resolution mediators and reduced free form arachidonic acid in the heart. Omega-3 FA supplementation suppressed expressions of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the infiltration of inflammatory cells into the heart and ameliorated cardiac dysfunction and fibrosis. These results suggest that omega-3 FA-induced changes of FAs composition in the heart have beneficial effects on cardiac function via regulating inflammation.
ω-3 and ω-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids block <i>HERG</i> channels; omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids block HERG channels. Am J Physiol Cell Physiol 289: C1251 - C1260, 2005. First published June 29, 2005; doi: 10.1152/ ajpcell. 00036.2005. - Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFAs) have been reported to exhibit antiarrhythmic properties, which have been attributed to their availability to modulate Na+, Ca2+, and several K+ channels. However, their effects on human ether- a- go- go- related gene ( HERG) channels are unknown. In this study we have analyzed the effects of arachidonic acid ( AA, omega-6) and docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA, omega-3) on HERG channels stably expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells by using the whole cell patch- clamp technique. At 10 mu M, AA and DHA blocked HERG channels, at the end of 5-s pulses to -10 mV, to a similar extent ( 37.7 +/- 2.4% vs. 50.2 +/- 8.1%, n = 7 - 10, P > 0.05). 5,6,11,14- Eicosatetrayenoic acid, a nonmetabolizable AA analog, induced effects similar to those of AA on HERG current. Both PUFAs shifted the midpoint of activation curves of HERG channels by - 5.1 +/- 1.8 mV ( n = 10, P < 0.05) and - 11.2 +/- 1.1 mV ( n = 7, P < 0.01). Also, AA and DHA shifted the midpoint of inactivation curves by + 12.0 +/- 3.9 mV ( n = 4; P < 0.05) and + 15.8 +/- 4.3 mV ( n = 4; P < 0.05), respectively. DHA and AA accelerated the deactivation kinetics and slowed the inactivation kinetics at potentials positive to + 40 mV. Block induced by DHA, but not that produced by AA, was higher when measured after applying a pulse to - 120 mV ( I -> O). Finally, both AA and DHA induced a use- dependent inhibition of HERG channels. In summary, block induced by AA and DHA was time, voltage, and use dependent. The results obtained suggest that both PUFAs bind preferentially to the open state of the channel, although an interaction with inactivated HERG channels cannot be ruled out for AA.
Correlation of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and dietary intakes with markers of atherosclerosis in patients with myocardial infarction; The purpose of this study was to examine the hypothesis that erythrocytes that are low in n-3 fatty acids and high in trans-fatty acids and nutrient intakes are associated with the risk of atherosclerosis. Fifty patients with acute nonfatal myocardial infarction were recruited to measure their dietary intake, erythrocyte fatty acid composition, intima medial thickness (IMT), and the Gensini score, which are markers of atherosclerosis. Trans-oleic acid of erythrocytes was positively (P = .05) correlated with the carotid IMT. After adjusting for age, sex, and energy intake, the IMT was negatively associated with the intake of protein, fat, phosphate, zinc, vitamin B-1, vitamin B-2, vitamin B-6, niacin, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, total fatty acids, total n-3 fatty acids, and total n-6 fatty acids. The Gensini score was also negatively associated with the intake of protein, fat, phosphate, sodium, zinc, vitamin E, vitamin B I, vitamin B-2, vitamin B-6, niacin, linolenic acid, total fatty acids, and total n-3 fatty acids. In conclusion, lower levels of trans-oleic acid (elaidic acid) in erythrocytes and higher intakes of vitamins, minerals, and n-3 fatty acids were associated with the decreased risk of atherosclerosis. However, these findings need further investigation in randomized controlled clinical trials before public health recommendations for atherosclerosis prevention can be made. (c) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical results and mechanism of action of icosapent ethyl; Serum triglyceride concentration is considered as an additional component that often contributes to residual cardiovascular risk in patients already at high risk; these considerations have led to several clinical studies aimed at evaluating the efficacy of supplements based on omega-3 fatty acids in reducing serum triglyceride levels and consequently cardiovascular risk. Although partially inconclusive and contradictory, these clinical trials laid the foundations for the implementation of the REDUCE-IT and EVAPORATE studies, in which the use of a purified derivative of eicosapentaenoic acid, icosapent ethyl, resulted in a significant reduction both of the composite for cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and non-fatal stroke and of the reduction in the volumetric progression up to the induction of a real regression of the coronary atheromatous plaques detected by computerized coronary angiography tomography. Surprisingly, these brilliant results seem to be, at least in part, not related to the reduction of triglyceride concentration. The purpose of this article is to examine the latest evidence regarding icosapent ethyl therapy, describing the results of the main clinical trials performed to date and formulating hypotheses on the potential mechanisms of action of this fascinating molecule.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation enhances stroke volume and cardiac output during dynamic exercise; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have beneficial effects on cardiovascular function. We tested the hypotheses that dietary supplementation with DHA (2 g/day) + EPA (3 g/day) enhances increases in stroke volume (SV) and cardiac output (CO) and decreases in systemic vascular resistance (SVR) during dynamic exercise. Healthy subjects received DHA + EPA (eight men, four women) or safflower oil (six men, three women) for 6 weeks. Both groups performed 20 min of bicycle exercise (10 min each at a low and moderate work intensity) before and after DHA + EPA or safflower oil treatment. Mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), SV, CO, and SVR were assessed before exercise and during both workloads. HR was unaffected by DHA + EPA and MAP was reduced, but only at rest (88 +/- 5 vs. 83 +/- 4 mm Hg). DHA + EPA augmented increases in SV (14.1 +/- 6.3 vs. 32.3 +/- 8.7 ml) and CO (8.5 +/- 1.0 vs. 10.3 +/- 1.2 L/min) and tended to attenuate decreases in SVR (-7.0 +/- 0.6 vs. -10.1 +/- 1.6 mm Hg L-1 min(-1)) during the moderate workload. Safflower oil treatment had no effects on MAP, HR, SV, CO or SVR at rest or during exercise. DHA + EPA-induced increases in SV and CO imply that dietary supplementation with these fatty acids can increase oxygen delivery during exercise, which may have beneficial clinical implications for individuals with cardiovascular disease and reduced exercise tolerance.
Diet, Plasma, Erythrocytes, and Spermatozoa Fatty Acid Composition Changes in Young Vegan Men; There has been increasing interest in vegan diets, but how this dietary pattern regulates tissue fatty acids (FA), especially in men, is unclear. Our aim was to evaluate the effect of a vegan diet on plasma, erythrocyte, and spermatozoa FA composition in young men. Two groups consisting of 67 young (18-25 years old) men were studied. One group following an omnivore diet but did not consume fish, shellfish or other marine foods (control,n= 33), and another group following a vegan diet (vegan,n= 34) for at least 12 months were compared. Dietary intake was assessedviaa food frequency questionnaire and a 24-h recall. FA composition was measured in plasma, erythrocyte phospholipids, and spermatozoa by gas-liquid chromatography. Compared to controls, the vegan group had higher reported intakes of carbohydrate, dietary fiber, vitamins (C, E, K, and folate), and minerals (copper, potassium) but lower intakes of cholesterol,transFA, vitamins B-6, D, and B-12, and minerals (calcium, iron, and zinc). Vegan's reported a lower saturated FA and not arachidonic acid intake, both groups did not intake eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), but vegan's showed a higher alpha linolenic acid ALA intake. Vegans had higher plasma, erythrocyte phospholipid, and spermatozoa ALA, but lower levels of other n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), especially DHA. Vegans were characterized by higher ALA, but lower levels of other n-3 PUFA, especially DHA in plasma, erythrocytes, and spermatozoids. The biological significance of these findings requires further study.
Gender-Specific Associations of Marine n-3 Fatty Acids and Fish Consumption with 10-Year Incidence of Stroke; Background: There is some evidence that the association of fish and marine fatty acids with stroke risk differs between men and women. We investigated the gender-specific associations of habitual intake of the marine fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and fish on incident stroke in a population-based study in the Netherlands.
A New Insight to Bone Turnover: Role of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Background. Evidence has shown that long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), especially the omega-3 fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are beneficial for bone health and turnover. Objectives. This review summarizes findings from both in vivo and in vitro studies and the effects of LC PUFA on bone metabolism, as well as the relationship with the oxidative stress, the inflammatory process, and obesity. Results. Some studies in humans indicate that LCPUFA can increase bone formation, affect peak bone mass in adolescents, and reduce bone loss. However, the cellular mechanisms of action of the LCPUFA are complex and involve modulation of fatty acid metabolites such as prostaglandins, resolvins and protectins, several signaling pathways, cytokines, and growth factors, although in certain aspects there is still some controversy. LCPUFA affect receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa beta (RANK), a receptor found on the osteoclast, causing bone resorption, which controls osteoclast formation. Conclusions. Since fatty acids are an endogenous source of reactive oxygen species, free radicals alter the process of bone turnover; however, although there are clinical evidences linking bone metabolism and dietary lipids, more clinical trials are necessary to prove whether omega-3 PUFA supplementation plays a major role in bone health.
Six-year survival study after myocardial infarction: The EOLE prospective cohort study. Long-term survival after MI; Background. - Studies of survival after myocardial infarction (MI) are often based on intention to treat analyses of controlled trials.
Synergistic effects of dietary iron and omega-3 fatty acid levels on survival of farmed Atlantic salmon, <i>Salmo salar</i> L., during natural outbreaks of furunculosis and cold water vibriosis; The present study demonstrates that farmed Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar, health is positively and significantly affected by synergistic effects between very long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids of the n-3 family eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid (EPA/DHA) and iron, where positive effects of high dietary levels of EPA/DHA are enhanced when combined with low levels of iron. Based on cumulative mortalities in the different experimental groups, relative percentage of survival (RPS) for the high EPA/DHA-low iron group was 70% during an outbreak of furunculosis and 96% during an outbreak of cold water vibriosis compared with the controls. A non-additive effect between EPA/DHA and iron was confirmed by statistical analyses that revealed a significant effect of EPA/DHA alone and an interaction of iron with EPA/DHA. Liver cell cultures treated with EPA/DHA revealed that the synergistic effect could be related to an EPA/DHA dependent regulation of mRNA for proteins important for transport (transferrin) and storage (ferritin) of iron in the salmon. In keeping with this finding, the transcriptional down-regulation of iron metabolism in vitro was reflected in decreased in vivo iron stores with increasing levels of dietary EPA/DHA. Hence, to avoid overloading of the iron transport/storage-systems resulting in increased susceptibility to bacterial infections, high levels of dietary EPA/DHA should be accompanied by low levels of dietary iron.
Varying the ratio of dietary <i>n</i>-6/<i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid alters the tendency to thrombosis and progress of atherosclerosis in apoE<SUP>-/-</SUP> LDLR<SUP>-/-</SUP> double knockout mouse; We have investigated the influence of dietary n-6/n-3 (u-6/u-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid-balance on the tendency to arterial thrombosis and the progress of atherosclerosis in apoE(-/-) LDLR-/- double knockout mouse. Homozygous apoE(-/-) LDLR-/- double knockout mouse (DKO mice, 129XC57BL/6J background) and mate C57BL/6 mice aged 6 weeks were divided into four groups. Each group was fed a diet containing a different n-6/n-3 ratio (Group l: 0.29; Group 2: 1.43; Group 3: 5.00; Group 4: 8), prepared with high linolenic (LNA) flaxseed oil (n-3 rich) and high linoleic (LA) safflower oil (n-6 rich). There were no statistical differences in the gain in body weight between the four groups. After 16 weeks, plasma triglyceride and LDL levels in Group 1 were significantly lower than in the other groups. Conversely, HDL was the highest. After 8 and 16 weeks, the tendency to arterial thrombosis was assessed using a He-Ne laser-induced thrombosis model. The degree of atherosclerosis was measured using the entire aorta method employing image analysis software. The n-6/n-3 ratio had a dose-dependent antithrombotic effect (thrombus volume decreased 23%, Group 1 vs. Group 4), In addition, the extent of atherosclerosis was less in the animals fed a low n-6/n-3 ratio compared with the high n-6/n-3 ratio group (atherosclerotic area decreased 40%, Group 1 vs. Group 4). The lowest n-6/n-3 ratio tested (0.29) was the most effective in suppressing the thrombotic and atherosclerotic parameters in these DKO mice. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, lipids and lipoproteins in end-stage renal disease; The increased mortality in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) is mainly caused by cardiovascular disease (CVD). Several risk factors for CVD are present in patients with ESRD, including a mixed dyslipidemia, specific for the uremic state. Randomized controlled trials in patients with ESRD are sparse and some cholesterol-lowering randomized controlled trials have had negative results. Both epidemiological and interventional data support a cardioprotective effect of an increased intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA). Several mechanisms could explain why n-3 PUFA have a beneficial effect on patients with CVD. Thus, the effects on lipids and triglycerides are especially well described. In patients with ESRD the effect of n-3 PUFA has only been sparsely studied. This article will provide an update on existing data concerning treatment with n-3 PUFA in patients with ESRD with a special focus on lipids and lipoproteins.
Prenatal Supplementation of Docosahexaenoic Acid for the Management of Preterm Births: Clinical Information for Practice; Unhealthy pregnancy and the resultant abnormalities in newborns exhibit a significant drawback. Each year, an estimated 15 million babies are born prematurely, accounting for the majority of deaths among children under the age of 5. India accounts for about a quarter of all preterm birth (PTB) incidences, with few therapeutic options available. However, research shows that consuming more marine foods (rich in omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3), particularly Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), helps to maintain a healthy pregnancy and can manage or prevent the onset of PTB and its accompanying difficulties. Present circumstances raise concerns about the use of DHA as a medication due to a lack of evidence on the dosage requirements, safety profile, molecular route, and commercially accessible strength for their therapeutic response. Several clinical experiments have been done over the last decade; however, the mixed outcomes have resulted in discrepancies. Most scientific organizations suggest a daily DHA consumption of 250-300 mg. However, this may differ from person to person. As a result, before prescribing a dosage, one should check the DHA concentrations in the individual's blood and then propose a dose that will benefit both the mother and the unborn. Thus, the review focuses on the favourable benefits of omega-3, particularly DHA during pregnancy and postpartum, therapeutic dose recommendations, safety considerations, particularly during pregnancy, and the mechanistic pathway that might prevent or reduce the frequency of PTB accidents.
Comparative study of tissue deposition of omega-3 fatty acids from polar-lipid rich oil of the microalgae <i>Nannochloropsis oculata</i> with krill oil in rats; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) exert health benefits which are dependent upon their incorporation into blood, cells and tissues. Plasma and tissue deposition of LC n-3 PUFA from oils extracted from the micro-algae Nannochloropsis oculata and from krill were compared in rats. The algal oil provides eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) partly conjugated (15%) to phospholipids and glycolipids but no docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), whereas krill oil provides both EPA and DHA conjugated in part (40%) to phospholipids. Rats fed a standard diet received either krill oil or polar-lipid rich algal oil by gavage daily for 7 days (5 ml oil per kg body weight each day). Fatty acid concentrations were analyzed in plasma, brain and liver, and two adipose depots since these represent transport, functional and storage pools of fatty acids, respectively. When measuring total LC n-3 PUFA (sum of EPA, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and DHA), there was no statistically significant difference between the algal oil and krill oil for plasma, brain, liver and gonadal adipose tissue. Concentrations of LC n-3 PUFA were higher in the retroperitoneal adipose tissue from the algal oil group. Tissue uptake of LC n-3 PUFA from an algal oil containing 15% polar lipids (glycolipids and phospholipids) was found to be equivalent to krill oil containing 40% phospholipids. This may be due to glycolipids forming smaller micelles during ingestive hydrolysis than phospholipids. Ingestion of fatty acids with glycolipids may improve bioavailability, but this needs to be further explored.
Reverse association of omega-3/omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids ratios with carotid atherosclerosis in patients on hemodialysis; Background and aims: Omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are widely recognized to have beneficial effects against cardiovascular disease. We investigated the association of n-3 PUFAs levels with carotid atherosclerosis in patients on hemodialysis (HD), who are at high risk for cardiovascular events.
Improved Outcome after Peripheral Nerve Injury in Mice with Increased Levels of Endogenous Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Functional recovery after a peripheral nerve injury (PNI) is often poor. There is a need for therapies that protect neurons against injury and enhance regeneration. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been shown to have therapeutic potential in a variety of neurological disorders, including acute traumatic injury. The objective of this study was to assess the neuroprotective and proregenerative potential of omega-3 PUFAs in PNI. We investigated this in mice that express the fat-1 gene encoding for omega-3 fatty acid desaturase, which leads to an increase in endogenous omega-3 PUFAs and a concomitant decrease in omega-6 PUFAs. Dorsal root ganglion (DRG) neurons from wild-type or fat-1 mice were subjected to a mechanical strain or hypoxic injury, and cell death was assessed using ethidium homodimer-1 labeling. The fat-1 background appears to confer robust neuroprotection against both injuries. We then examined the early functional and morphological changes in wild-type and fat-1 mice after a sciatic nerve crush. An accelerated functional recovery 7 d after injury was seen in fat-1 mice when assessed using von Frey filaments and the sciatic nerve functional index. These observations were also mapped to changes in injury-related markers. The injury-induced expression of ATF-3 was decreased in the DRG of fat-1 mice, whereas the axons detected 6 mm distal to the crush were increased. Fat-1 animals also had some protection against muscle atrophy after injury. In conclusion, both in vitro and in vivo experiments support the idea that a higher endogenous omega-3 PUFA could lead to beneficial effects after a PNI.
Coronary artery disease; Prevention is equivalent to causal treatment of cardiovascular disease. Nowadays, guidelines are elaborated on the basis of large-scale long-term intervention studies and structured meta-analyses. This review attempts a synopsis of guidelines of the American and German Heart Associations. For Secondary Prevention, smoking cessation, blood pressure treatment, dietary lipid management, aerobic activity, correct body weight, mediterranean diet, treatment of diabetes to a HbA1c of 7%, ingestion of marine omega-3 fatty acids (1 g/day), platelet inhibitors, lipid-lowering agents (statins), beta-blockers and ACE-inhibitors are established. in primary prevention pharmaceutical agents are not incorporated, but all non-pharmacological approaches are being recommended. The guidelines mentioned are based on unequivocal evidence, risk-benefit and cost-benefit ratios are good, nevertheless implementation remains a serious problem. Primary and secondary prevention are already giving way to risk-adapted prevention, based on an individual assessement of a persons cardiovascular risk.
Parenteral immunonutrition in patients with acute pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background & aims: Acute pancreatitis is a systemic immunoinflammatory response to auto-digestion of the pancrease and pen-pancreatic organs. Patients with acute pancreatitis can rapidly develop nutritional deficiency; hence nutritional support is important and critical. Sometimes parenteral nutrition (PN) is inevitable in acute pancreatitis. Due to immunosuppressive and inflammatory nature of the disease, it seems that immunonutrients like glutamine and omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) added to parenteral formulas may improve the conditions. We conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effects of parenteral immunonutrition on clinical outcomes (infectious complications, length of hospital stay (LOS) and mortality) in patients with acute pancreatitis.
New endogenous anti-inflammatory and proresolving lipid mediators: implications for rheumatic diseases; Prostaglandins and leukotrienes are lipid mediators that carry out pivotal roles in host defense and acute inflammation. Failure to completely resolve an acute inflammatory response can lead to chronic inflammation, scarring, and eventual loss of tissue function. Until recently, it was thought that tissue resolution of acute inflammation was a passive event. However, it is now known than lipoxins, which-like prostaglandins and leukotrienes-are also derived from arachidonic acid, are active anti-inflammatory and proresolution mediators, acting in part by reducing neutrophil entry to the inflammation site and stimulating the uptake of apoptotic polymorphonuclear leukocytes by macrophages. Novel families of locally acting and locally generated mediators derived from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have also been identified as biosynthetically active components in the resolution phase of inflammation. The new families of chemical mediators are termed 'resolvins' and 'protectins' because individual members of each family are stereospecific in controlling the duration and magnitude of inflammation in animal models. Possible deficiencies in the biosynthesis of lipoxins, resolvins, and protectins, and/or their signal transduction, might underlie some aspects of pathogenesis in chronic inflammatory diseases.
Effects of Pure Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids on Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Body Fat Mass in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes; Background: N-3 Fatty acids reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have shown that they may reduce inflammation, oxidative stress, and fat mass in patients with type 2 diabetes, but the results are inconclusive, due, in part, to type of omega-3 fatty acids used. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of pure eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), the two major omega-3 fatty acids, on inflammation, oxidative stress, and fat mass in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Maternal long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid status and pregnancy complications; Maternal nutrition plays a crucial role in influencing fetal growth and birth outcome. Any nutritional insult starting several weeks before pregnancy and during critical periods of gestation is known to influence fetal development and increase the risk for diseases during later life. Literature suggests that chronic adult diseases may have their origin during early life - a concept referred to as Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) which states that adverse exposures early in life "program" risks for later chronic disorders. Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), mainly omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids are known to have an effect on fetal programming. The placental supply of optimal levels of LCPUFA to the fetus during early life is extremely important for the normal growth and development of both placenta and fetus. Any alteration in placental development will result in adverse pregnancy outcome such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). A disturbed materno-fetal LCPUFA supply is known to be linked with each of these pathologies. Further, a disturbed LCPUFA metabolism is reported to be associated with a number of metabolic disorders. It is likely that LCPUFA supplementation during early pregnancy may be beneficial in improving the health of the mother, improving birth outcome and thereby reducing the risk of diseases in later life.
Potential Cardiovascular and Metabolic Beneficial Effects of ω-3 PUFA in Male Obesity Secondary Hypogonadism Syndrome; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are fundamental biocomponents of lipids and cell membranes. They are involved in the maintenance of cellular homeostasis and they are able to exert anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective actions. Thanks to their potential beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system, metabolic axis and body composition, we have examined their action in subjects affected by male obesity secondary hypogonadism (MOSH) syndrome. MOSH syndrome is characterized by the presence of obesity associated with the alteration of sexual and metabolic functions. Therefore, this review article aims to analyze scientific literature regarding the possible benefits of omega-3 PUFA administration in subjects affected by MOSH syndrome. We conclude that there are strong evidences supporting omega-3 PUFA administration and/or supplementation for the treatment and management of MOSH patients.
Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial evaluating the effect of prenatal omega-3 LCPUFA supplementation to reduce the incidence of preterm birth: the ORIP trial; Introduction Preterm birth accounts for more than 85% of all perinatal complications and deaths. Seventy-five per cent of early preterm births (EPTBs) occur spontaneously and without identifiable risk factors. The need for a broadly applicable, effective strategy for primary prevention is paramount. Secondary outcomes from the docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to Optimise Mother Infant Outcome trial showed that maternal supplementation until delivery with omega-3 (omega-3) long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA), predominantly as DHA, resulted in a 50% reduction in the incidence of EPTB and an increase in the incidence of post-term induction or post-term prelabour caesarean section due to extended gestation. We aim to determine the effectiveness of supplementing the maternal diet with omega-3 LCPUFA until 34 weeks' gestation on the incidence of EPTB.
Effect of Supplementation With Marine ω-3 Fatty Acid on Risk of Colorectal Adenomas and Serrated Polyps in the US General Population A Prespecified Ancillary Study of a Randomized Clinical Trial; This prespecified ancillary study of a randomized clinical trial compares the effects of daily marine omega-3 fatty acid supplementation vs placebo on risk of colorectal cancer precursors, including conventional adenomas and serrated polyps, in an average-risk US population.
Efficacy and safety of TAK-085 compared with eicosapentaenoic acid in Japanese subjects with hypertriglyceridemia undergoing lifestyle modification: The omega-3 fatty acids randomized double-blind (ORD) study; BACKGROUND: Hypertriglyceridemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, and clinical practice guidelines advocate treatment to reduce triglyceride (TG) levels. In Japan, an EPA-E (eicosapentaenoic acid-ethyl ester) product has been used clinically for treating dyslipidemia.
Fish consumption and risk of sudden cardiac death; Context.-Dietary fish intake has been associated with a reduced risk of fatal cardiac end points, but not with nonfatal end points. Dietary fish intake may have a selective benefit on fatal arrhythmias and therefore sudden cardiac death.
Red Blood Cell Docosapentaenoic Acid (DPA <i>n</i>-3) is Inversely Associated with Triglycerides and C-reactive Protein (CRP) in Healthy Adults and Dose-Dependently Increases Following <i>n</i>-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation; The role of the long-chain omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in lipid metabolism and inflammation has been extensively studied; however, little is known about the relationship between docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, 22:5 n-3) and inflammation and triglycerides (TG). We evaluated whether n-3 DPA content of red blood cells (RBC) was associated with markers of inflammation (interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and C-reactive protein (CRP) and fasting TG prior to n-3 supplementation in two studies (Study 1: n = 115, aged 20-44 years, body mass index (BMI) 20-30 kg/m(2), TG = 34-176 mg/dL; Study 2: n = 28, aged 22-65 years, BMI 24-37 kg/m(2), TG = 141-339 mg/dL). We also characterized the dose-response effects of n-3 fatty acid supplementation on RBC n-3 DPA after five months of supplementation with fish oil (Study 1: 0, 300, 600, 900, and 1800 mg/day EPA + DHA) and eight weeks of prescription n-3 ethyl esters (Study 2: 0, 850, and 3400 mg/day EPA + DHA). In Study 1, RBC n-3 DPA was inversely correlated with CRP (R-2 = 36%, p < 0.001) and with fasting TG (r = -0.30, p = 0.001). The latter finding was replicated in Study 2 (r = -0.33, p = 0.04). In both studies, n-3 supplementation significantly increased RBC n-3 DPA dose-dependently. Relative increases were greater for Study 1, with increases of 29%-61% vs. 14%-26% for Study 2. The associations between RBC n-3 DPA, CRP, and fasting TG may have important implications for the prevention of atherosclerosis and chronic inflammatory diseases and warrant further study.
Efficacy and safety of n-3 fatty acids supplementation on depression: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; We aimed to investigate the effectiveness of n-3 fatty acids supplementation on the risk of developing depression, depressive symptoms and remission of depression. We searched PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science from inception to December 2022 to find randomised trials of n-3 fatty acids supplementation in adults. We conducted random-effects meta-analyses to estimate standardised mean differences (SMD) and 95 % CI for continuous outcomes and risk difference and 95 % CI for binary outcomes. A total of sixty-seven trials were included. Each 1 g/d n-3 fatty acids supplementation significantly improved depressive symptoms in adults with and without depression (moderate-certainty evidence), with a larger improvement in patients with existing depression. Dose-response analyses indicated a U-shaped effect in patients with existing depression, with the greatest improvement at 1 center dot 5 g/d. The analysis showed that n-3 fatty acid supplementation significantly increased depression remission by 19 more per 100 in patients with depression (low-certainty evidence). Supplementation with n-3 fatty acids did not reduce the risk of developing depression among the general population, but it did improve the severity of depression among patients with existing depression.
Association of Higher N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Consumption and Aerobic Exercise with Lower Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio: Implications of Anti-Atherosclerotic Effect of Fish Consumption; Introduction: N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), abundant in oily fish, exert anti-inflammatory cardiovascular protective effects. We aimed to investigate the association between fish-derived n-3 PUFAs, lifestyle habits, and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), an atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) marker. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 6,950 participants with no history of ASCVD, who underwent annual health check-ups (average age, 46.3 +/- 13.0 years; male:female ratio, 58.8%) between April 2019 and March 2020 at the Health Planning Center, Nihon University Hospital. We calculated n-3 PUFA consumption using a questionnaire and the Japan National Health and Nutrition Survey. Results: The average fish consumption frequency and fish-derived n-3 PUFA consumption were 2.20 +/- 1.28 days/week and 5.20 +/- 3.11 g/week, respectively. A higher fish-derived n-3 PUFA consumption was associated with a lower NLR. Multiple-stepwise regression analysis revealed that higher fish-derived n-3 PUFA consumption and more aerobic exercise habits were significant independent determinants of lower NLR. Furthermore, higher fish-derived n-3 PUFA consumption was associated with habitual aerobic exercise habits. Conclusion: Thus, higher fish-derived n-3 PUFA consumption and more aerobic exercise habits may be synergistically associated with lower NLR. This association may explain the preventive effects of fish consumption on the ASCVD risk.
Science behind the cardio-metabolic benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: biochemical effects vs. clinical outcomes; Lower incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the Greenland Inuit, Northern Canada and Japan has been attributed to their consumption of seafood rich in long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA). While a large majority of pre-clinical and intervention trials have demonstrated heart health benefits of LCn-3PUFA, some studies have shown no effects or even negative effects. LCn-3PUFA have been shown to favourably modulate blood lipid levels, particularly a reduction in circulating levels of triglycerides. High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels are elevated following dietary supplementation with LCn-3PUFA. Although LCn-3PUFA have been shown to increase low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels, the increase is primarily in the large-buoyant particles that are less atherogenic than small-dense LDL particles. The anti-inflammatory effects of LCn-3PUFA have been clearly outlined with inhibition of NFkB mediated cytokine production being the main mechanism. In addition, reduction in adhesion molecules (intercellular adhesion molecule, ICAM and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, VCAM-1) and leukotriene production have also been demonstrated following LCn-3PUFA supplementation. Anti-aggregatory effects of LCn-3PUFA have been a subject of controversy, however, recent studies showing sex-specific effects on platelet aggregation have helped resolve the effects on hyperactive platelets. Improvements in endothelium function, blood flow and blood pressure after LCn-3PUFA supplementation add to the mechanistic explanation on their cardio-protective effects. Modulation of adipose tissue secretions including pro-inflammatory mediators and adipokines by LCn-3PUFA has re-ignited interest in their cardiovascular health benefits. The aim of this narrative review is to filter out the reasons for possible disparity between cohort, mechanistic, pre-clinical and clinical studies. The focus of the article is to provide possible explanation for the observed controversies surrounding heart health benefits of LCn-3PUFA.
Comparison of Omega-3 Eicosapentaenoic Acid Versus Docosahexaenoic Acid-Rich Fish Oil Supplementation on Plasma Lipids and Lipoproteins in Normolipidemic Adults; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have both shared and different cardiovascular effects, and commonly used fish oil supplements have considerably varied EPA/DHA ratios. Aims: We compared the effects of fish oil supplements with different EPA/DHA ratios on lipoprotein metabolism. Methods: In a double-blind, randomized cross-over study, normolipidemic adults (n = 30) consumed 12 g/day of EPA-rich (EPA/DHA: 2.3) or DHA-rich (EPA/DHA: 0.3) fish oil for 8-weeks, separated by an 8-week washout period. Results: Both fish oil supplements similarly lowered plasma TG levels and TG-related NMR parameters versus baseline (p < 0.05). There were no changes in plasma cholesterol-related parameters due to either fish oil, although on-treatment levels for LDL particle number were slightly higher for DHA-rich oil compared with EPA-rich oil (p < 0.05). Both fish oil supplements similarly altered HDL subclass profile and proteome, and down regulated HDL proteins related to inflammation, with EPA-rich oil to a greater extent. Furthermore, EPA-rich oil increased apoM abundance versus DHA-rich oil (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Overall, fish oil supplements with varied EPA/DHA ratios had similar effects on total lipids/lipoproteins, but differences were observed in lipoprotein subfraction composition and distribution, which could impact on the use of EPA versus DHA for improving cardiovascular health.
5-Lipoxygenase Metabolite 4-HDHA Is a Mediator of the Antiangiogenic Effect of ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Lipid signaling is dysregulated in many diseases with vascular pathology, including cancer, diabetic retinopathy, retinopathy of prematurity, and age-related macular degeneration. We have previously demonstrated that diets enriched in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) effectively reduce pathological retinal neovascularization in a mouse model of oxygen-induced retinopathy, in part through metabolic products that suppress microglialderived tumor necrosis factor-alpha. To better understand the protective effects of omega-3 PUFAs, we examined the relative importance of major lipid metabolic pathways and their products in contributing to this effect. omega-3 PUFA diets were fed to four lines of mice deficient in each key lipid-processing enzyme (cyclooxygenase 1 or 2, or lipoxygenase 5 or 12/15), retinopathy was induced by oxygen exposure; only loss of 5-lipoxygenase (5-LOX) abrogated the protection against retinopathy of dietary omega-3 PUFAs. This protective effect was due to 5-LOX oxidation of the omega-3 PUFA lipid docosahexaenoic acid to 4-hydroxy-docosahexaenoic acid (4-HDHA). 4-HDHA directly inhibited endothelial cell proliferation and sprouting angiogenesis via peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma), independent of 4-HDHA's anti-inflammatory effects. Our study suggests that omega-3 PUFAs may be profitably used as an alternative or supplement to current anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) treatment for proliferative retinopathy and points to the therapeutic potential of omega-3 PUFAs and metabolites in other diseases of vasoproliferation. It also suggests that cyclooxygenase inhibitors such as aspirin and ibuprofen (but not lipoxygenase inhibitors such as zileuton) might be used without losing the beneficial effect of dietary omega-3 PUFA.
Fish oil attenuates neurologic severity of antiphospholipid syndrome in a mice experimental model; Introduction: Murine experimental models of antiphospholipid syndrome (eAPLS) showed neurologic dysfunction and therapeutic effect of the anticoagulant enoxaparin is well established. Omega-3 fatty acids and curcumin, tested in neuroinflammation and auto-immunity diseases, might be interesting therapeutic candidates. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of these candidates on neurologic severity in eAPLS. Methods: One month after immunization of BALB/c mice with beta-2-glycoprotein I, daily treatments were initiated with enoxaparin (1 mg/kg), omega-3 fatty acids (0.5 g/kg), and curcumin (200 mg/kg) for 3 months. Results: Mortality was significantly decreased by enoxaparin and omega-3 treatments. Fish oil and curcumin group exhibited the highest mean of swimming behavior in forced swim test in surviving mice. Mice under omega-3 fatty acids or curcumin presented low anxiety-like behavior in the elevated plus-maze test. Cerebral histopathology revealed heavy inflammatory infiltrates in cortical and subcortical regions with vacuolization, swelling, and degeneration of astrocytes in the control group, with aggravation under curcumin; no infiltrate was retrieved in enoxaparin and omega-3 groups. Conclusion: Our study is the first to demonstrate a potential therapeutic effect of omega-3 fatty acids in eAPLS. Enoxaparin and omega-3 fatty acids combination would be interesting for further investigation.
The problem of sudden death in heart failure; Sudden death, due to malignant ventricular arrhythmias, is a major problem in heart failure. Mortality increases with NYHA functional class, but the relative percentage due to sudden death is higher in lower NYHA functional classes (50-80% in NYHA class 11,30-50% in NYHA class III, and 5-30% in NYHA class IV).
Fish consumption and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from diet are positively associated with cognitive function in older adults even in the presence of exposure to lead, cadmium, selenium, and methylmercury: a cross-sectional study using NHANES 2011-2014 data; Background: Long -chain omega -3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (co -3 PUFAs) are reported to be beneficial for cognition, but limited consumption of some fish is recommended due to high concentrations of heavy metals and persistent organics. Objective: We aimed to determine whether dietary co -3 PUFAs from fish consumption are associated with higher cognitive scores in older adults and explored the associations of mixtures of co -3 PUFAs and blood concentrations of lead, cadmium, selenium, and methylmercury on cognitive performance. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study with data from the NHANES 2011-2014, assessing cognitive scores of immediate recall, delayed recall, and executive function in adults >= 60 y (n = 3123). We performed multivariate linear regressions and mixture models utilizing the quantile-based gcomputation method to identify associations between monthly fish consumption or dietary co -3 PUFAs with blood concentrations of lead, cadmium, methyl mercury, and selenium on cognitive scores. Results: Fish consumption had significant positive associations with all 3 cognitive scores, whereas dietary co -3 PUFAs were only significantly associated with the Digit Symbol Substitution Test (DSST) scores. Mixture analysis showed significant positive associations with DSST scores for fish consumption (13: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.48, 1.29) and dietary co -3 PUFAs (13: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.78) with positive component weights for fish consumption, dietary co -3 PUFAs, and blood selenium and negative component weight for blood cadmium concentrations. Conclusions: Our findings support dietary recommendations for older adults to consume fish to maintain cognitive function, likely due to biomolecular actions of co -3 PUFAs that increase neuronal membrane fluidity, have antioxidation activity, and restore cell damage. The combination of selenium and fish consumption or co -3 PUFAs was associated with reduced decline in cognitive scores and less negative associations from exposures to lead, cadmium, and mercury compounds.
Lipids in functional foods in relation to cardiovascular disease; Food is considered 'functional' if it contains (often added) components that affect one or more targeted functions in the body in a beneficial way. Foods can also be functional if potential harmful components have been removed by technological means. A food can be accepted to be functional only after its potentially beneficial effect has been proven by well-designed and properly executed intervention studies in humans. Cardiovascular disease has a multifactorial etiology, as is illustrated by the existence of numerous risk indicators, many of which can be influenced by diet. It should be recalled, however, that only after a cause and-effect relationship has been established between the disease and a given risk indicator (called a risk factor in that case), modifying this factor can be expected to affect disease morbidity and mortality. In this presentation. effects of dietary lipids on cardiovascular risk are re viewed, with special emphasis on modification of the plasma. lipoprotein profile and of hypertension. In addition, influences of dietary lipids on arterial thrombotic processes and insulin resistance will be discussed.
A comprehensive review and analysis of 25 years of data from an in vivo canine model of sudden cardiac death: Implications for future anti-arrhythmic drug development; Sudden cardiac death resulting from ventricular tachyarrhythmias remains the leading cause of death in industrially developed countries, accounting for between 300,000 and 500,000 deaths each year in the United States. Yet, despite the enormity of this problem, the development of safe and effective anti-arrhythmic agents remains elusive. The identification of effective anti-arrhythmic agents is critically dependent upon the use of appropriate animal models of human disease. During the last 25 years, a canine model of sudden cardiac death has proven to be useful in both the identification of factors contributing to ventricular fibrillation (VF) and the evaluation of potential anti-arrhythmic therapies. The present review provides a detailed retrospective analysis of the data obtained with this model. Briefly, VF was reliably and reproducibly induced by the combination of acute myocardial ischemia at site distant from a previous myocardial infarction during submaximal exercise (to activate the autonomic nervous system). This exercise plus ischemia test identified 2 stable populations of dogs: those that development malignant arrhythmias (susceptible, n=303) and those that rarely developed even single premature ventricular activation (resistant, n=209). The susceptible animals exhibited an elevated sympathetic activation (due to an enhanced beta(2)-adrenoceptor responsiveness) and a subnormal parasympathetic regulation. Several interventions have proven to be particularly effective in preventing VF in the susceptible dogs; including calcium channel antagonists, left stellate ganglion disruption, ATP-sensitive potassium channel antagonists, beta-adrenoceptor antagonists, and non-pharmacological interventions (endurance exercise training and dietary omega-3 fatty acids). (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids incorporation into cardiolipin in H9c2 cardiac myoblast; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), known as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), are common nutrients in daily food intake and have been shown to prevent cardiovascular disease and improve cardiac functions. Cardiolipin is a mitochondrial phospholipid necessary for maintaining physiological function of mitochondria. Several studies have indicated that the cardiolipin acyl chain compositions affect the function of cardiolipin and mitochondria. Here, we investigated the structural changes of cardiolipin after DHA and EPA supplementation and compared them to arachidonic acid (AA) treatment. H9c2 cardiac myoblast was used as a cell model, and cardiolipin species was monitored and identified via LC-MS and MS/MS. Our results showed distinct mass envelopes of cardiolipin with the same carbon number but different double bonds in mass spectrum. There were 116 cardiolipin species with 36 distinct mass in 6 mass envelopes identified by MS/MS. Three days of PUFA treatment resulted in decreases of low-molecular-weight cardiolipin and increases of high-molecular-weight cardiolipin, suggesting the incorporation of exogenous DHA, EPA and AA into mitochondrial cardiolipin. PUFA incorporation was further verified by MS/MS analysis. More importantly, we found that DHA supplementation elevated the percent content of less unsaturated cardiolipin species and highly unsaturated cardiolipin species, containing omega-3 fatty acyl chains, indicating a omega-3 fatty acid incorporation mechanism with peroxidation protection. Our results indicate that PUFA supplementation differentially perturbed the fatty acyl chain compositions in the mitochondrial cardiolipin in the H9c2 cardiac myoblast, suggesting that mitochondrial membrane and the function of mitochondria are susceptible to exogenous lipid species. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The association of red blood cell n-3 and n-6 fatty acids with bone mineral density and hip fracture risk in the women's health initiative; Omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in red blood cells (RBCs) are an objective indicator of PUFA status and may be related to hip fracture risk. The primary objective of this study was to examine RBC PUFAs as predictors of hip fracture risk in postmenopausal women. A nested case-control study (n=400 pairs) was completed within the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) using 201 incident hip fracture cases from the Bone Mineral Density (BMD) cohort, along with 199 additional incident hip fracture cases randomly selected from the WHI Observational Study. Cases were 1:1 matched on age, race, and hormone use with nonhip fracture controls. Stored baseline RBCs were analyzed for fatty acids using gas chromatography. After removing degraded samples, 324 matched pairs were included in statistical analyses. Stratified Cox proportional hazard models were constructed according to case-control pair status; risk of fracture was estimated for tertiles of RBC PUFA. In adjusted hazard models, lower hip fracture risk was associated with higher RBC -linolenic acid (tertile 3 [T3] hazard ratio [HR]: 0.44; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.230.85; p for linear trend 0.0154), eicosapentaenoic acid (T3 HR: 0.46; 95% CI, 0.240.87; p for linear trend 0.0181), and total n-3 PUFAs (T3 HR: 0.55; 95% CI, 0.301.01; p for linear trend 0.0492). Conversely, hip fracture nearly doubled with the highest RBC n-6/n-3 ratio (T3 HR: 1.96; 95% CI, 1.033.70; p for linear trend 0.0399). RBC PUFAs were not associated with BMD. RBC PUFAs were indicative of dietary intake of marine n-3 PUFAs (Spearman's rho=0.45, p<0.0001), total n-6 PUFAs (rho=0.17, p<0.0001) and linoleic acid (rho=0.09, p<0.05). These results suggest that higher RBC -linolenic acid, as well as eicosapentaenoic acid and total n-3 PUFAs, may predict lower hip fracture risk. Contrastingly, a higher RBC n-6/n-3 ratio may predict higher hip fracture risk in postmenopausal women. (c) 2013 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Activation of Lipid Mediator Formation Due to Lipoprotein Apheresis; Lipoprotein apheresis reliably reduces low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in patients with atherosclerotic disease and therapy-refractory hypercholesterolemia or elevated lipoprotein (a) (Lp(a)). Besides lowering lipoproteins and triglycerides, apheresis also decreases levels of essential omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 and n-3 PUFAs) in blood plasma. In contrast, heparin-induced extracorporeal low-density lipoprotein precipitation (HELP) lipid apheresis might increase the formation of potentially pro-inflammatory and pro-thrombotic lipid mediators derived from n-6 and n-3 PUFAs. The study presented here analyzed lipid mediator profiles in the plasma of patients with hyperlipidemia treated by one of three different apheresis methods, either HELP, direct absorption (DA), or membrane filtration (MDF), in a direct pre- and post-apheresis comparison. Using gas chromatography and liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) we were able to analyze fatty acid composition and the formation of lipid mediators called oxylipins. Our data illustrateparticularly in HELP-treated patientssignificant decreases of essential omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in blood plasma but significant increases of PUFA-derived lipoxygenase-, as well as cyclooxygenase- and cytochrome P450-derived lipid mediators. Given that n-3 PUFAs in particular are presumed to be cardioprotective and n-3 PUFA-derived lipid mediators might limit inflammatory reactions, these data indicate that n-3 PUFA supplementation in the context of lipid apheresis treatment might have additional benefits through apheresis-triggered protective n-3 PUFA-derived lipid mediators.
Omega-3 fatty acids, pro-inflammatory signaling and neuroprotection; Purpose of review To summarize recent findings that docosahexaenoate (DHA) is the precursor of stereospecific derivatives with anti-inflammatory and cytoprotective properties.
Bioactive compounds as an alternative for drug co-therapy: Overcoming challenges in cardiovascular disease prevention; Different pharmacological interventions have been applied with success to reduce the progression of atherosclerosis. However, many patients are not good responders or must interrupt treatment due to adverse effects. Bioactive compounds such as omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA), plant sterol esters (PSE) and phenolic compounds (PHC) are natural molecules with great potential to reduce the atherosclerosis burden by reducing inflammation, LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) and oxidative stress, respectively. Although their physiological effects on biomarkers are much lower than those expected by drugs used for the same purpose, bioactive compounds can easily be incorporated into the daily diet and present no adverse effects. However, little is known about the combination of n-3 FA, PSE, PHC, and drugs in atherosclerosis progression. This review article summarizes potential effects of co-therapies involving n-3 FA, PSE, and PHC combined with major hypolipidemic drugs on atherosclerosis biomarkers and clinical outcomes. Evidence of additive and/or complementary effects regarding drugs action reveals possible roles for bioactive compounds in disease management. Pharmaceutical companies, physicians, and food scientists should be prepared to better understand this type of interaction and its consequences in terms of efficacy and life quality.
Fatty acid composition of serum phospholipid of premenopausal women and postmenopausal women receiving and not receiving hormone replacement therapy; Objective: To compare the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipid of premenopausal women with that of postmenopausal women receiving and not receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT).
Effects of Short Term Supplementation of Fish Oil Capsules on the Blood Fatty Acid Profile of Vegetarians: A Pilot Study; Background and Aims: Omega-3 fatty acids are essential for cardio vascular as well as overall health. Therefore, fish oil which is a rich source of omega-3 fatty acids namely EPA and DHA is recommended. We supplemented vegetarian volunteers, not consuming fish, with fish oil capsules to observe the changes in lipo-protein metabolism. Methods and Results: Commercially available fish oil capsules were given to normal healthy volunteers for two weeks and lipid profiles analyzed. Lipid profile normalizing effect of triglycerides and cholesterol was observed in the consuming subjects. Concentration of omega-3 fatty acids increased in the plasma and RBC of all volunteers. Conclusion: Consumption of omega-3 fish oil capsules is beneficial and heart healthy.
Effect of Mediterranean and occidental diets, and red wine, on plasma fatty acids in humans.: An intervention study; The type of diet consumed by individuals has been associated with the development of some chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), cancer, diabetes. and others.
Potential benefits of eicosapentaenoic acid on atherosclerotic plaques; Residual cardiovascular (CV) risk remains in some patients despite optimized statin therapy and may necessitate add-on therapy to reduce this risk. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, lowers plasma triglyceride levels without raising low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and has potential beneficial effects on atherosclerotic plaques. Animal studies have shown that EPA reduces levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines. In clinical trials utilizing a wide spectrum of plaque imaging modalities, EPA has shown beneficial effects on plaque characteristics. Studies of patients with coronary artery disease receiving statin therapy suggest that EPA may decrease plaque vulnerability and prevent plaque progression. EPA also decreased pentraxin-3 and macrophage accumulation. A large, randomized, Japanese study reported that EPA plus a statin resulted in a 19% relative reduction in major coronary events at 5 years versus a statin alone in patients with hypercholesterolemia (P = 0.011). Icosapent ethyl, a high-purity prescription form of EPA ethyl ester, has been shown to reduce triglyceride levels and markers of atherosclerotic inflammation. Results of an ongoing CV outcomes study will further define the potential clinical benefits of icosapent ethyl in reducing CV risk in high-risk patients receiving statin therapy. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The effect of n-3 fatty acids on heart rate variability in patients treated with chronic hemodialysis; Objective: The aim of the present study was to address the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on heart rate variability (HRV) in patients treated with chronic hemodialysis.
Associations of Fish Consumption With Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality Among Individuals With or Without Vascular Disease From 58 Countries; IMPORTANCE Cohort studies report inconsistent associations between fish consumption, a major source of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality. Whether the associations vary between those with and those without vascular disease is unknown.
Cardiovascular disease and depression: a narrative review; In clinical practice, it is frequently observed that cardiac and psychological disorders frequently co-occur, leading to the emergence of a field known as cardiovascular disease with depression. Depression, in particular, poses a remarkable risk for the evolution of cardiovascular disease and intimately relates to adverse cardiovascular outcomes and mortality. Moreover, individuals who are depressed exhibit a higher susceptibility to developing cardiovascular disease compared to those in good health. Patients diagnosed with cardiovascular disease with depression disease face a heightened risk of mortality within a 5-year timeframe, and their prognosis remains unsatisfactory even after receiving treatment targeting a single disorder, with a notable recurrence rate. Psychological interventions in conjunction with medications are commonly employed in clinical settings for treating patients with cardiovascular disease and depression diseases, albeit with limited effectiveness and unfavorable prognosis. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), such as Shuangxinfang, Chaihujialonggumuli, and Yixin Ningshen Tablet, etc., have been reported and have Therapeutic effects in patients with cardiovascular disease combined with depression. Despite numerous articles documenting a notable association between heart disease and depression, there exists a dearth of studies elucidating the precise pathogenesis and target of action for cardiovascular disease with depression diseases. This article endeavors to consolidate the epidemiological data, potential pathogenic mechanisms, and available treatment modalities for cardiovascular disease with depression diseases. Its primary objective is to unveil plausible co-morbid mechanisms and suitable treatment approaches, thereby offering novel insights for the prevention, diagnosis, and management of cardiovascular disease with depression diseases.
The effect of n-3 fatty acids on C-reactive protein levels in patients with chronic renal failure; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in patients with chronic renal failure (CRF). C-reactive protein (CRP), a strong independent risk marker of CVD, is elevated in a large proportion of patients with CRF. The long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have cardio protective effects, which may be partly attributed to their anti-inflammatory properties.
Potential impact of the fat composition of farmed fish on human health; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are essential to the health of humans. Aspects of some diseases and clinical conditions can be alleviated by the supplementation of n-3 fatty acids. Fishery produce is the major source of n-3 fatty acids in the human diet and the public have become more aware of the health benefits associated with consuming more fish. As world fisheries are declining the demands upon the aquaculture industry to supply consumers with fishery produce are increasing. An important area of research in aquaculture is the development of diets that are both cost effective and produce adequate growth in fish. Preserving the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the final fishery product is all additional pressure when designing these diets. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
INFLUENCE OF HIGHLY CONCENTRATED N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND HEMOSTATIC VARIABLES IN SURVIVORS OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION RECEIVING EITHER ORAL ANTICOAGULANTS OR MATCHING PLACEBO; Forty patients with previous myocardial infarction were given 4 capsules with 1 g concentrated fish oil preparation daily for 4 weeks. No special diet was applied. The supplementation was equivalent to 3.4 grams of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) daily. Twenty-two of the 40 subjects received concomitant treatment with long-term oral anticoagulants (OAC). The fatty acid composition of serum after the supplementation period showed a significant increase in the  proportion of EPA and DHA, while arachidonic acid (AA) remained essentially constant. This resulted in a rise of the EPA/AA ratio from 0.59 to 1.49 (p < 0.001), confirming satisfying absorption of the concentrate. Blood lipids showed an overall decrease of triglycerides (TG) by 25% (p = 0.02), while total cholesterol rose by 5% (p = 0.03) and HDL-cholesterol was unaffected. Blood glucose and the TG associated factors plasminogen activator inhibitor and factor VII-phospholipid complex revealed  trends towards reduction. Ivy bleeding time showed a significant prolongation, the median increasing from 240 to 270 seconds. A significant increase of fibrinogen was seen, as was a decrease of clotting time in the combined prothrombin test in patients receiving concomitant OAC. Thus, given for 4 weeks, the investigated concentrate of n-3 fatty acids exerts not merely beneficial effects as far as the risk profile for atherosclerotic disease is concerned. The results also point towards interactions with OAC that may be of clinical relevance.
Treatment with high-dose n-3 PUFAs has no effect on platelet function, coagulation, metabolic status or inflammation in patients with atherosclerosis and type 2 diabetes; Background: Despite numerous studies on cardioprotective effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), there is limited evidence for n-3 PUFA-mediated effects, especially at its higher dose, on cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes (DM2) and established atherosclerosis. Purpose: To investigate the effect of daily treatment with a higher dose (2 g) of n-3 PUFAs on platelet function, coagulation parameters, fibrin clot properties, markers of systemic inflammation and metabolic status, in patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease and DM2 who receive optimal medical therapy. Methods: We conducted a prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, double-center study, in which thrombin generation (plasma thrombogenic potential from automated thrombogram), fibrin clot properties (plasma fibrin clot permeability; lysis time), platelet aggregation (light transmission aggregometry with adenosine diphosphate and arachidonic acid used as agonists), HbA1c, insulin level, lipid profiles, leptin and adiponectin levels, as well as markers of systemic inflammation (i.e., hsCRP, IL-6, TNF-alpha, ICAM-1, VCAM-1, and myeloperoxidase) were determined at baseline and at 3 months after treatment with 2 g/day of n-3 PUFAs (n = 36) or placebo (n = 38). Moreover, we assessed serum fatty acids of the phospholipid fraction by gas chromatography both at baseline and at the end of the study. Results: Majority of patients were treated with optimal medical therapy and achieved recommended treatment targets. Despite higher serum levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (by 204%; p < 0.001) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (by 62%; p < 0.0001) in n-3 PUFA group at the end of treatment no changes in platelet aggregation, thrombin generation, fibrin clot properties or markers of systemic inflammation were observed. No intergroup differences in the insulin, HbA1c and lipid levels were found at the end of the study. There was no change in adiponectin and leptin in interventional group, however leptin increased in control group (p = 0.01), therefore after study period leptin levels were lower in the interventional group (p = 0.01). Additionally, resolvin D1 did not differ between interventional and control group.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Suppresses Silica-Induced Inflammasome Activation and IL-1 Cytokine Release by Interfering With Priming Signal; Occupational exposure to respirable crystalline silica (cSiO(2)) has been etiologically linked to human autoimmunity. Intranasal instillation with cSiO(2) triggers profuse inflammation in the lung and onset of autoimmunity in lupus-prone mice; however, dietary supplementation with the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) abrogates these responses. Inflammasome activation, IL-1 cytokine release, and death in alveolar macrophages following cSiO(2) exposure are early and critical events that likely contribute to triggering premature autoimmune pathogenesis by this particle. Here we tested the hypothesis that DHA suppresses cSiO(2)-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation, IL-1 cytokine release, and cell death in the macrophage. The model used was the murine macrophage RAW 264.7 cell line stably transfected with the inflammasome adapter protein ASC (RAW-ASC). Following priming with LPS, both the canonical activator nigericin and cSiO(2) elicited robust inflammasome activation in RAW-ASC cells, as reflected by IL-1 beta release and caspase-1 activation. These responses were greatly diminished or absent in wild-type RAW cells. In contrast to IL-1 beta, cSiO(2) induced IL-1 alpha release in both RAW-ASC and to a lesser extent in RAW-WT cells after LPS priming. cSiO(2) -driven effects in RAW-ASC cells were confirmed in bone-marrow derived macrophages. Pre-incubating RAW-ASC cells with 10 and 25 mu M DHA for 24 h enriched this fatty acid in the phospholipids by 15- and 25-fold, respectively, at the expense of oleic acid. DHA pre-incubation suppressed inflammasome activation and release of IL-1 beta and IL-1 alpha by nigericin, cSiO(2), and two other crystals - monosodium urate and alum. DHA's suppressive effects were linked to inhibition of LPS-induced Nlrp3, Il1b, and Il1a transcription, potentially through the activation of PPAR gamma. Finally, nigericin-induced death was inflammasome-dependent, indicative of pyroptosis, and could be inhibited by DHA pretreatment. In contrast, cSiO(2)-induced death was inflammasome-independent and not inhibited by DHA. Taken together, these findings indicate that DHA suppresses cSiO(2)-induced inflammasome activation and IL-1 cytokine release in macrophages by acting at the level of priming, but was not protective against cSiO(2)-induced cell death.
25-hydroxyvitamin D and risk of myocardial infarction in men - A prospective study; Background: Vitamin D deficiency may be involved in the development of atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease in humans.
Effect of ω-3 Fatty Acid Ethyl Esters on Apolipoprotein B-48 Kinetics in Obese Subjects on a Weight-Loss Diet: A New Tracer Kinetic Study in the Postprandial State; Context: Dysregulated chylomicron metabolism may account for hypertriglyceridemia and increased risk of cardiovascular disease in obese subjects. Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acid ethyl ester (FAEE) decreases plasma triglyceride. However, its effect on postprandial chylomicron metabolism in obese subjects on a weight-loss diet has not yet been investigated.
Perilla Oil and <i>Bifidobacterium</i> for Alleviating Fear of Cancer Recurrence in Breast Cancer Survivors: Study Protocol for a Three-Arm Phase II Randomized Controlled Study (POB Study); The fear of cancer recurrence (FCR) is the most common and most severe unmet need among cancer survivors. Safe treatments for the FCR that are easily disseminated are greatly needed. Our primary aim is a preliminary evaluation of the efficacy and effect size of perilla oil, which is rich in omega-3 fatty acids, and Bifidobacterium, a probiotic, on FCR in breast cancer survivors after the completion of chemotherapy. This study has been planned as an exploratory clinical study (phase II) and will be conducted as a three-arm, 12-week parallel group, masked-rater randomized controlled trial. Fifteen participants will be randomized with 1:1:1 allocation to receive Bifidobacterium plus perilla oil, Bifidobacterium alone, or no intervention (control). Interventions will end within 12 weeks after the random allocation of each participant. The participants will be outpatients with invasive breast cancer aged 20 years or older whose chemotherapy was completed at least 6 months before registration; hormone therapy may be ongoing. The primary outcome will be severity of FCR at 12 weeks assessed by masked raters using the 4-item Concerns about Recurrence Scale concerning overall fear of recurrence. The study protocol for the current study is registered in the Japan Registry of Clinical Trials (jRCTs031200029).
Recent Updates in Hypertriglyceridemia Management for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention; Purpose of Review Mounting evidence continues to support the causal role of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRL) in the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Substantial residual ASCVD risk remains among high-risk patients who have elevated triglycerides despite reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) with statin therapy. Ongoing research efforts have focused on evaluating triglyceride-lowering therapies among patients with hypertriglyceridemia. Recent Findings The REDUCE-IT trial showed that the addition of icosapent ethyl, a highly purified form of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), can reduce vascular events among statin-treated individuals with elevated triglycerides who have either clinical ASCVD or diabetes plus another risk factor. Although additional evidence for EPA has emerged from other trials, conflicting results have been reported by subsequent trials that tested different omega-3 fatty acid formulations. Randomized clinical trials have not demonstrated incremental ASCVD benefit of fibrates on background of statin therapy, but fibrates are used to help prevent pancreatitis in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Selective inhibitors of apolipoprotein C-III (apoC3) and angiopoietin-like protein 3 (ANGPTL3), proteins that are involved in metabolism of TRLs by regulating lipoprotein lipase, have been tested in selected patient populations and showed significant reduction in triglyceride and LDL-C levels. Statin therapy continues to be the cornerstone of pharmacologic reduction of cardiovascular risk. High-dose EPA in the form of icosapent ethyl has been demonstrated to have cardiovascular benefit on top of statins in persons with elevated triglycerides at high ASCVD risk. Ongoing clinical trials are evaluating novel selective therapies such as apoC3 and ANGPTL3 inhibitors.
The Use of Unsaturated Fatty Acids in Liposomal Form to Get Bread Enriched with ω-3 Fatty Acids; Background: The World Health Organization determines cardiovascular diseases as the most wide-spread diseases in the world. They are the main reason for human death in most countries. Functional food enriched with essential micronutrients, such as omega-3 fatty acids, are one means of such diseases' prevention. Micro- and nano-encapsulation of fatty acids contributes to their safety and prevents changes to the organoleptic properties of the products when introduced in a recipe.
Docosahexaenoic Acid and Preterm Birth; Preterm birth accounts for more than 85% of all perinatal complications and deaths. There are many short- and long-term consequences of being born too soon. These infants often require intensive care and are at increased risk of early morbidities often with life-long sequelae. Approximately 50% of all preterm births have unknown or unclear causes, and there are no effective primary prevention strategies in widespread clinical use. Epidemiological studies have observed an increased length of gestation in populations with high fish consumption. These findings have led to randomised controlled trials of omega-3 (n-3) long-chain poly-unsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) supplementation which show that these dietary agents may delay the timing of birth and may have value as a prophylactic intervention in some women. This review presents the available evidence and discusses the relationship between prenatal n-3 LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy and the incidence of pre-term birth. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Dietary fish oil reduces the incidence of triggered arrhythmias in pig ventricular myocytes; BACKGROUND Fish oil reduces the incidence of sudden cardiac death in postmyocardial infarction patients. Triggered activity is the principal mechanism of arrhythmogenesis under these conditions.
Effect of essential fatty acid blend on circadian variations of ambulatory blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension and coronary artery disease risk markers; Flaxseed oil is an excellent source of alpha-linolenic acid ALA known for its antihypertensive action. Flaxseed oil is unstable and its dose is not achievable in our conventional diet hence blending of natural flaxseed oil with palm oil, containing high flavonoids may be a better strategy, to stabilize the blend and provide proper balance of essential fatty acids and potential antioxidant effects. Aim of this study was to access the effect of blended flaxseed oil on 24 h 7-day circadian variations of blood pressure in subjects with essential hypertension. Assessment of CHAT (circadian hyper amplitude tension) using ABPM is the best marker for cardiovascular function. We registered 50 subjects with CAD (Group 1) and 50 subjects with Essential hypertension HT (Group 2) and 52 control subjects with CAD/Hypertension. Group 1 and 2 participant was supplemented with blended flaxseed oil (BFO) (30 ml/day) for the period of 24 weeks, while control group administered available oils sunflower in identical containers, for a follow-up period of 24 weeks. Twenty four hour seven days continuous ambulatory blood pressure monitoring was done initially and after six months of BFO supplementation. There were significant changes noted in lipid profile along with Ambulatory blood pressure parameters like MESOR, ACROPHASE, Hyperbaric Indexes, and CHAT. Circadian hyper amplitude tension (CHAT) incidence decreased after BFO supplementation. Study results suggest that blended flaxseed oil administration can be a potent natural vegetarian antihypertensive supplement which helps in synchronization of cardiac rhythms, and can be used as a preventive treatment of hypertension and as effective vegetarian source of maintaining Omega 3 and omega 6 ratios of essential fatty acids in the body.
Comparison of Bleeding Complications With Omega-3 Fatty Acids plus Aspirin plus Clopidogrel-Versus-Aspirin plus Clopidogrel in Patients With Cardiovascular Disease; Fish oil is used to lower triglycerides and for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease. Many of these patients will also be taking aspirin and clopidogrel. Any of these medications alone can increase the risk of bleeding; however, the risk of bleeding in patients taking all 3 of these medications has not been studied. We retrospectively reviewed the medical records for bleeding complications in 182 patients, most with coronary artery disease (mean age 61 +/- 11 years, 82% men) and being treated with high-dose fish oil (mean dose 3 +/- 1.25 g), aspirin (mean dose 161 +/- 115 mg), and clopidogrel (mean dose 75 mg), and in 182 age- and gender-matched controls treated with aspirin and clopidogrel alone. During a mean follow-up period of 33 months, 1 major bleeding episode occurred in the treatment group and no major bleeding episodes occurred in the control group (p = 1.0). During follow-up, 4 minor bleeding episodes (2.2%) occurred in the treatment group and 7 (3.9%) in the control group. More patients had minor bleeding complications in the control group than in the treatment group; however, the difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.5). In conclusion, high-dose fish oil is safe in combination with aspirin and clopidogrel and does not increase the risk of bleeding compared with that seen with aspirin and clopidogrel alone. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2009;104:1052-1054)
An immune-enhancing enteral diet reduces mortality rate and episodes of bacteremia in septic intensive care unit patients; Objective: To determine whether early enteral feeding in a septic intensive care unit (ICU) population, using a formula supplemented with arginine, mRNA, and omega-3 fatty acids from fish oil (Impact), improves clinical outcomes, when compared with a common use, high protein enteral feed without these nutrients.
A novel synthetic analogue of ω-3 17,18-epoxyeicosatetraenoic acid activates TNF receptor-1/ASK1/JNK signaling to promote apoptosis in human breast cancer cells; A saturated analog of the cytochrome P450-mediated omega-3-17,18-epoxide of omega-3-eicosapentaenoic acid (C20E) activated apoptosis in human triple-negative MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells. This study evaluated the apoptotic mechanism of C20E. Increased cytosolic cytochrome c expression and altered expression of pro- and antiapoptotic B-cell lymphoma-2 proteins indicated activation of the mitochondrial pathway. Caspase-3 activation by C20E was prevented by pharmacological inhibition and silencing of the JNK and p38 MAP kinases (MAPK), upstream MAPK kinases MKK4 and MKK7, and the upstream MAPK kinase kinase apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1). Silencing of the death receptorTNF receptor 1 (TNFR1), but not Fas, DR4, orDR5, and the adapters TRADD and TNF receptor-associated factor 2, but not Fas-associated death domain, prevented C20E-mediated apoptosis. B-cell lymphoma-2 homology 3-interacting domain death agonist (Bid) cleavage by JNK/p38 MAPK linked the extrinsic and mitochondrial pathways of apoptosis. In further studies, an antibody against the extracellular domain of TNFR1 prevented apoptosis by TNF-alpha but not C20E. These findings suggest that C20E acts intracellularly at TNFR1 to activate ASK1-MKK4/7-JNK/p38 MAPK signaling and to promote Bid-dependent mitochondrial disruption and apoptosis. In in vivo studies, tumors isolated from C20E-treated nu/nu mice carrying MDA-MB-231 xenografts showed increased TUNEL staining and decreased Ki67 staining, reflecting increased apoptosis and decreased proliferation, respectively. omega-3-Epoxy fatty acids like C20E could be incorporated into treatments for triple-negative breast cancers.
ASPIRIN-INDUCED DECLINE IN PROSTACYCLIN PRODUCTION IN PATIENTS WITH CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE IS DUE TO DECREASED ENDOPEROXIDE SHIFT - ANALYSIS OF THE EFFECTS OF A COMBINATION OF ASPIRIN AND N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON THE EICOSANOID PROFILE; Background. It was the purpose of this study to determine the effects of the combination of aspirin (ASA) and fish oil, which is rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, on the eicosanoid profile of patients with coronary artery disease. Specifically, we wanted to determine whether the ASA-induced reduction in prostacyclin production is due to inhibition of endothelial cell cyclooxygenase or to reduced endoperoxide shift from platelets and whether ASA negates the potentially beneficial effects of fish oil on the eicosanoid profile.
CAN WE RECOMMEND FISH-OIL FOR HYPERTENSION; 1. The ability of the n-3 fatty acids in fish oil to lower blood pressure has been established. Dietary fish oil supplementation is effective in mild hypertension and, in certain cases, as an adjunct therapy in drug-treated hypertension. Efficacy may be enhanced by restricting sodium intake.
Acute and subchronic oral toxicity study of <i>Camelina sativa</i> oil in Wistar rats; Objective: The aim of these studies was to ascertain if Camelina sativa oil is harmful in both the acute and subchronic states.Methods: Wistar rats of both sexes were used in an acute toxicity test, and the fatal dosage (LD50) of oral Camelina sativa oil was greater than 27.6 g/kg bw. Rats were gavaged with Camelina sativa oil at dosages of 0.00, 0.92, 1.84, and 3.68 g/kg bw per day for 90 days. In addition, satellite groups were established in the control and high-dose groups for a 28-day recovery period. The following factors were assessed: mortality, clinical anomalies, body weight, food intake, hematological, serum biochemistry, urine, gross necropsy, and histology.Results: There were no observable toxicity-related changes in any of the three dosage groups. There is no toxicological relevance to the change in the high-dose hematological indicator PLT at the conclusion of the recovery period because it was within the usual range for this strain in our laboratory. The test material did not result in any pathological alterations, according to a pathological examination.Conclusion: Since the results of the current study, the no-observed-adverse-effect-level (NOAEL) for Camelina sativa oil in rats has been determined to be greater than 3.68 g/kg bw.
Effect of flaxseed oil supplementation on the erythrocyte membrane fatty acid composition and endocannabinoid system modulation in patients with coronary artery disease: a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Background The endocannabinoid system (ECS) overactivation, associated with increased inflammatory process, may act as a risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). Dietary fat may influence the ECS tone. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of flaxseed oil on the erythrocyte membrane fatty acid profile and ECS activity by the measurement of serum N-arachydonoil ethanolamine (AEA) and cannabinoid receptor type-1 (CB1), cannabinoid receptor type-2 (CB2), and fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) mRNA expression. Methods This clinical trial was performed on 44 patients with CAD. The intervention group received 1.5% fat milk supplemented with flaxseed oil (containing 2.5 g alpha-linolenic acid or ALA), while the placebo group received 1.5% fat milk for 10 weeks. The fatty acid profile of erythrocyte membrane phospholipids was measured by gas chromatography. The AEA level was determined using an ELISA kit, and real-time PCR was performed to measure CB1, CB2, and FAAH mRNA expression pre- and post-intervention. Results Flaxseed oil supplementation resulted in a significant increase in the ALA content and a significant reduction in linoleic acid (LA) content of membrane phospholipids, compared to the placebo group (MD = - 0.35 and 2.89, respectively; P < 0.05). The within group analysis showed that flaxseed oil supplementation caused a significant reduction in both LA and arachidonic acid (MD = - 4.84 and - 4.03, respectively; P < 0.05) and an elevation in the ALA (MD = 0.37, P < 0.001) content of membrane phospholipids compared with the baseline. In the intervention group, a marked reduction was observed in the serum AEA level after 10 weeks of intervention, compared with the placebo group (MD = 0.64, P = 0.016). Changes in CB2 mRNA expression in the flaxseed oil group were significant (fold change = 1.30, P = 0.003), compared with the placebo group. Conclusion Flaxseed oil supplementation could attenuate the ECS tone by decreasing the AEA level and increasing CB2 mRNA expression. Therefore, flaxseed oil may be considered a promising agent with cardioprotective properties.
The Combination of Omega-3 Stearidonic Acid and Docetaxel Enhances Cell Death over Docetaxel Alone in Human Prostate Cancer Cells; Background: Docetaxel (DOC), or Taxotere, is an anthracycline antibiotic used to treat multiple types of cancer. It is a first-line chemotherapy treatment for patients with metastasized, hormone-resistant prostate cancer (PCa) or for patients with high-risk, localized PCa that could benefit from early chemotherapy treatment. Previously, we showed that stearidonic acid (SDA), an omega-3 fatty acid, enhances the cytotoxicity of doxorubicin (DOX) in human PCa cells. This observation suggests that PCa therapies using SDA and chemotherapeutic drugs in combination offer attractive possibilities for developing treatments that ameliorate toxic side effects of some commonly used chemotherapy drugs.
Fatty Acids and Other Risk Factors for Sudden Cardiac Death in Patients Starting Hemodialysis; Background: Little is known about risk factors for sudden cardiac death in hemodialysis patients during the high-risk first year of dialysis. We therefore undertook to identify such risk factors in a nationally representative cohort and were able to include baseline levels of blood fatty acids, some of which influence arrhythmogenicity and sudden cardiac death risk. Design: The study cohort included 100 patients who died of sudden cardiac death during the first year of hemodialysis and 300 frequency-matched controls. Using the elastic net statistical method, numerous demographic and clinical characteristics were included with baseline total serum levels for 11 major fatty acids (model 1) and with serum phospholipid fractions of these same fatty acids (model 2). Final models included only covariates that had a non-zero coefficient. Results: In model 1, serum albumin [odds ratio (95% CI): 0.55 (0.33-0.93); p = 0.03] and total serum long-chain n-3 docosapentaenoic acid [0.70 (0.51-0.97); p = 0.03] were inversely associated with the odds of sudden cardiac death, while the total serum saturated fatty acid level had a direct association [1.01 (1.00-1.02); p = 0.03]. In model 2, serum albumin and docosapentaenoic acid remained inversely associated with sudden cardiac death in a similar manner as in model 1. Pulse pressure also had an inverse association [0.96 (0.93-1.00); p < 0.05]. Conclusions: Several factors, including blood content of docosapentaenoic acid and saturated fatty acids, were associated with the odds of sudden cardiac death during year one of hemodialysis. These results raise the possibility that dietary modification may reduce sudden death risk. Copyright (c) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
The HYPERFlax trial for determining the anti-HYPERtensive effects of dietary flaxseed in newly diagnosed stage 1 hypertensive patients: study protocol for a randomized, double-blinded, controlled clinical trial; Background: In 2013 the World Health Organization deemed hypertension as a global crisis as it is the leading risk factor attributed to global mortality. Therefore, there is a great need for effective alternative treatment strategies to combat a condition that affects 40% of adults worldwide. Recently, the FlaxPAD Trial observed a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in hypertensive patients with peripheral arterial disease that consumed 30 g of milled flaxseed per day for one year. However, these patients were already on anti-hypertensive medication. Therefore, there is a need to assess if dietary flaxseed can effectively reduce blood pressure in the absence of peripheral arterial disease and anti-hypertensive medication in newly diagnosed hypertensive patients.
Changes in the consumption of isoflavones, omega-6, and omega-3 fatty acids in women with metastatic breast cancer adopting a whole-food, plant-based diet: post-hoc analysis of nutrient intake data from an 8-week randomized controlled trial; Background: Diets rich in minimally processed plant-based foods are recommended to breast cancer patients, and some may have an interest in whole-food, plant-based (WFPB) diets that avoid animal-based foods, added fats, and refined sugars. Within WFPB diets, the intakes of isoflavones, omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFAs), and omega-3 polyunsaturated FAs (n-3 PUFAs), which have been discussed in reference to breast cancer outcomes, have not been well characterized. Methods: Women with stage IV breast cancer on stable therapy were randomized 2:1 into (1) a WFPB intervention (N = 21) or (2) usual care (N = 11) for 8 weeks. Three meals per day were provided. Outcomes presented here include dietary intake of isoflavones, n-3 and n-6- PUFAs, which were assessed using three-day food records at baseline and 8 weeks. Baseline and 8-week mean intake within groups were compared using the Wilcoxon signed-rank test and between control and intervention groups by a two-sample t-test. Results: The WFPB intervention participants increased their daily consumption of total isoflavones from a mean of 0.8 mg/day to 14.5 mg/day (p < 0.0001) and decreased the n-6:n-3 ratio of their diet from a mean of 9.3 to 3.7 (p < 0.0001). Within the WFPB group, linoleic acid (n-6 PUFA) consumption decreased by a mean of 3.8 g (p = 0.0095), from 12.8 g/day to 9.0 g/day; total n-3 PUFA consumption increased by a mean of 1.1 g (p = 0.0005), from 1.6 g/day to 2.7 g/day. Conclusion: Transitioning to a WFPB diet resulted in significantly increased isoflavone intake and decreased n-6:n-3 ratio in women with breast cancer.
Direct Determinations of the Fatty Acid Composition of Daily Dietary Intakes Incorporating Nutraceuticals and Functional Food Strategies to Increase n-3 Highly Unsaturated Fatty Acids; Objective: North American diets are low in eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3, EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3, DHA). This investigation aims to assess the ability to increase EPA and DHA in the Canadian diet using traditional whole food. functional food or nutraceutical strategies.
Effect of omega-3 dietary supplements with different oxidation levels in the lipidic profile of women: a randomized controlled trial; The oxidation level of omega-3 fatty acid supplements commercialized in capsules may be a risk to consumers' health. For this purpose, we have designed a single-blind, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial in which 52 women participated. Volunteers were randomly distributed into three groups consuming: (1) less oxidized oil pills, (2) highly oxidized oil pills and (3) no capsules. All groups consumed a fish-rich diet. Circulating glucose, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glutamic pyruvic transaminase were determined at the beginning and end (30 days) of the study. As a result, the ingestion of less oxidized omega-3 supplements reduced circulating triglyceride and cholesterol levels, as opposed to the highly oxidized omega-3 capsules, which had a negative effect on cholesterol levels. In conclusion, the level of oxidation of the supplements is a key factor in controlling circulating lipid profile. Therefore, manufacturers must pay attention to the quality of the prime product prior to encapsulation.
Assessing and mitigating foodborne acetochlor exposure induced ileum toxicity in broiler chicks: The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation and molecular pathways analysis; Excessive acetochlor residues present ecological and food safety challenges. Here, broiler chicks were exposed to varied acetochlor doses to first assess its effects on the gut. Subsequent dietary supplementation with omega-3 was used to assess its anti-contamination effects. Pathologically, acetochlor induced notable ileal lesions including inflammation, barrier disruption, tight junction loss, and cellular anomalies. Mechanistically, acetochlor stimulated the TNFa/TNFR1 and TLR4/NF-KB/NLRP3 pathways, promoting RIPK1/RIPK3 complex formation, MLKL phosphorylation, NLRP3 inflammasome activation, Caspase-1 activation, and GSDMD shearing with inflammatory factor release. These mechanisms elucidate ileal cell death patterns essential for understanding chicken enteritis. Omega-3 supplementation showed promise in mitigating inflammation, though its precise counteractive role remains unclear. Our findings suggest early omega-3 intervention offered protective benefits against acetochlor's adverse intestinal effects, emphasizing its potential poultry health management role. Harnessing dietary interventions' therapeutic potential will be pivotal in ensuring sustainable poultry production and food safety despite persistent environmental contaminants.
Linolenic Acid Plus Ethanol Exacerbates Cell Death in <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> by Promoting Lipid Peroxidation, Cardiolipin Loss, and Necrosis; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) hypersensitize yeast to oxidative stress. Ethanol accumulation during fermentation is another factor that induces oxidative stress via mitochondrial dysfunction and ROS overproduction. Since this microorganism has raised growing interest as a PUFA factory, we have studied if the combination of PUFA plus ethanol enhances yeast death. Respiration, ROS generation, lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial cardiolipin content, and cell death were assessed in yeast grown in the presence of 10% ethanol (ETOH) or linolenic acid (C18:3), or ethanol plus C18:3 (ETOH+C18:3). Lipid peroxidation and cardiolipin loss were several-fold higher in cells with ETOH+C18:3 than with C18:3. On the contrary, ETOH tended to increase cardiolipin content without inducing changes in lipid peroxidation. This was consistent with a remarkable diminution of cell growth and an exacerbated propidium iodide staining in cells with only ETOH+C18:3. The respiration rate decreased with all the treatments to a similar degree, and this was paralleled with similar increments in ROS between all the treatments. These results indicate that PUFA plus ethanol hypersensitize yeast to necrotic cell death by exacerbating membrane damage and mitochondrial cardiolipin loss, independent of mitochondrial dysfunction and ROS generation. The implications of these observations for some biotechnological applications in yeast and its physiology are discussed.
Intake of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Distal Large Bowel Cancer Risk in Whites and African Americans; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may have antineoplastic properties in the colon. The authors examined the association between intakes of different PUFAs and distal large bowel cancer in a population-based case-control study of 1,503 whites (716 cases; 787 controls) and 369 African Americans (213 cases; 156 controls) in North Carolina (2001-2006). Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for distal large bowel cancer risk in relation to quartiles of PUFA intake. Increased consumption of long-chain omega-3 PUFAs was associated with reduced risk of distal large bowel cancer in whites (multivariable odds ratios = 0.88 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.63, 1.22), 0.69 (95% CI: 0.49, 0.98), and 0.49 (95% CI: 0.34, 0.71) for second, third, and highest vs. lowest quartile) (P-trend < 0.01). Intake of individual eicosapentaenoic acids and docosahexaenoic acids was inversely related to distal large bowel cancer risk, whereas the ratio of omega-6 to long-chain omega-3 PUFAs was associated with increased risk of distal large bowel cancer in whites, but not among African Americans (P-interaction < 0.05). Study results support the hypothesis that long-chain omega-3 PUFAs have beneficial effects in colorectal carcinogenesis. Whether or not the possible benefit of long-chain omega-3 PUFAs varies by race warrants further evaluation.
Fish oil (n-3 fatty acids) in drug resistant epilepsy: a randomised placebo-controlled crossover study; Background n-3 fatty acids inhibit neuronal excitability and reduce seizures in animal models. High-dose fish oil has been explored in two randomised trials in drug resistant epilepsy with negative results. We performed a phase II randomised controlled crossover trial of low-dose and high-dose fish oil in participants with drug resistant epilepsy to explore whether low-dose or high-dose fish oil reduces seizures or improves cardiovascular health.
CONTRIBUTION OF MICROENCAPSULATED N-3 PUFA POWDER TOWARD SENSORY AND OXIDATIVE STABILITY OF BREAD; Whole wheat breads were prepared by substituting shortening with different levels of microencapsulated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) powder. The oxidative stability of n-3 PUFA powder in bread was monitored over 7-day storage using sensory evaluation, % recovery of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) by gas chromatography, lipid oxidation by peroxide value and anisidine value (AV) determinations. Baking qualities and texture of bread were investigated as well. High recovery of EPA and DHA (8089%), and low lipids oxidation in bread after baking and storage showed that microencapsulated n-3 PUFA powder is stable in bread. The substitution of shortening with microencapsulated n-3 PUFA powder did not affect the specific volume and quality of the bread. Bread containing 1.0% microencapsulated n-3 PUFA powder gave an acceptable palatability even after 3-day storage. Microencapsulated n-3 PUFA powder can be recommended as a suitable substitute for shortening.
EFFECTS OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON POSTPRANDIAL TRIACYLGLYCEROL AND HORMONE CONCENTRATIONS IN NORMAL SUBJECTS; The present study reports results from two investigations to determine effects of a 6-week period of moderate n-3 fatty acid supplementation (2.7 g/d) on fasting and on postprandial triacylglycerol and metabolic hormone concentrations in response to standard test meals. In the first study postprandial responses were followed for 210 min after an early morning test meal challenge; in the second study responses to an evening test meal were followed during the evening and overnight for a total period of 12 h. In both studies postprandial triacylglycerol responses to the test meals were significantly reduced after compared with before fish-oil supplementation. In the second study the triacylglycerol peak response seen between 200 and 400 min in subjects studied before supplementation with fish oils was almost completely absent in the same subjects after 6 weeks of n-3 fatty acid supplementation. Analysis of fasting concentrations of metabolites and hormones was carried out on the combined data from the two studies. There were no significant differences in total, low-density-lipoprotein- or high-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations during fish-oil supplementation, although there was considerable individual variation in cholesterol responses to the supplement. Concentrations of Apo-B and Apo-Al were unchanged during supplementation with fish oils. Fasting and early morning postprandial GIP concentrations were lower in subjects taking fish oils, possibly due to acute effects of fish-oil capsules taken on the evening before the studies. In both studies fasting insulin and glucose and postprandial insulin concentrations remained unchanged following fish-oil supplementation. The results do not support the view that triacylglycerol-lowering effects of n-3 fatty acids are due to modulation of insulin secretion mediated via the enteroinsular axis. Further studies are required to determine the precise mechanism by which fish oils reduce both fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol concentrations.
The clinical black, white, and gray lessons; Purpose of review
Debunking the vegan myth: The case for a plant-forward omnivorous whole-foods diet; Vegan diets are widely promoted as protective against cardiovascular disease (CVD); however, removing all animal foods from a human's diet usually causes unfavorable health consequences. Our hominin ancestors began consuming meat, fish, seafood, and eggs >2 million years ago. Consequently, humans are genetically adapted to procure nutrients fromboth plant and animal sources. In contrast, veganismis without evolutionary precedent in Homo sapiens species. Strict adherence to a vegan diet causes predictable deficiencies in nutrients including vitamins B12, B2, D, niacin, iron, iodine, zinc, high-quality proteins, omega-3, and calcium. Prolonged strict veganism increases risk for bone fractures, sarcopenia, anemia, and depression. A more logical diet is a plant-forward omnivorous eating pattern that emphasizes generous consumption of natural, unprocessed foods predominantly from plants. To balance this diet, modest amounts of wholesome animal foods, such wild-caught fish/seafood, pasture-raised meat and eggs, and fermented unsweetened dairy should be consumed regularly. (c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Plasma Phospholipid Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Body Weight Change; Objective: We investigated the association between the proportion of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in plasma phospholipids from blood samples drawn at enrollment and subsequent change in body weight. Sex, age, and BMI were considered as potential effect modifiers. Method: A total of 1,998 women and men participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) were followed for a median of 4.9 years. The associations between the proportion of plasma phospholipid long-chain n-3 PUFA and change in weight were investigated using mixed-effect linear regression. Results: The proportion of long-chain n-3 PUFA was not associated with change in weight. Among all participants, the 1-year weight change was -0.7 g per 1% point higher long-chain n-3 PUFA level (95% confidence interval: -20.7 to 19.3). The results when stratified by sex, age, or BMI groups were not systematically different. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that the proportion of long-chain n-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipids is not associated with subsequent change in body weight within the range of exposure in the general population.
Polymorphisms in <i>FADS1</i> and <i>FADS2</i> alter plasma fatty acids and desaturase levels in type 2 diabetic patients with coronary artery disease; Background: To explore whether plasma fatty acids and SNPs in the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) gene associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary artery disease (CAD).
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Do Not Change Resistance of Rat Brain or Liver Mitochondria to Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> and/or Prooxidants; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) block apoptotic neuronal cell death and are strongly neuroprotective in acute and chronic neurodegeneration. Theoretical considerations, indirect data, and consideration of parsimony lead to the hypothesis that modulation of mitochondrial pathway(s) underlies at least some of the neuroprotective effects of n-3 PUFAs. We therefore systematically tested this hypothesis on healthy male FBFN1 rats fed for four weeks with isocaloric, 10% fat-containing diets supplemented with 1, 3, or 10% fish oil (FO). High resolution mass spectrometric analysis confirmed expected diet-driven increases in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6, n-3) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5, n-3) in sera, liver and nonsynaptosomal brain mitochondria. We further evaluated the resistance of brain and liver mitochondria to Ca2+ overload and prooxidants. Under these conditions, neither mitochondrial resistance to Ca2+ overload and prooxidants nor mitochondrial physiology is altered by diet, despite the expected incorporation of DHA and EPA in mitochondrial membranes and plasma. Collectively, the data eliminate one of the previously proposed mechanism(s) that n-3 PUFA induced augmentation of mitochondrial resistance to the oxidant/calcium-driven dysfunction. These data furthermore allow us to define a specific series of follow-up experiments to test related hypotheses about the effect of n-3 PUFAs on brain mitochondria.
Risk factors for prostate cancer incidence and progression in the health professionals follow-up study; Risk factors for prostate cancer could differ for various subgroups, such as for "aggressive" and "non-aggressive" cancers or by grade or stage. Determinants of mortality could differ from those for incidence. Using data from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study, we re-examined 10 factors (cigarette smoking history, physical activity, BMI, family history of prostate cancer, race, height, total energy consumption, and intakes of calcium, tomato sauce and alpha-linolenic acid) using multivariable Cox regression in relation to multiple subcategories for prostate cancer risk. These were factors that we previously found to be predictors of prostate cancer incidence or advanced prostate cancer in this cohort, and that have some support in the literature. In this analysis, only 4 factors had a clear statistically significant association with overall incident prostate cancer: African-American race, positive family history, higher tomato sauce intake (inversely) and a-linolenic acid intake. In contrast, for fatal prostate cancer, recent smoking history, taller height, higher BMI, family history, and high intakes of total energy, calcium and alpha-linolenic acid were associated with a statistically significant increased risk. Higher vigorous physical activity level was associated with lower risk. In relation to these risk factors, advanced stage at diagnosis was a good surrogate for fatal prostate cancer, but high-grade (Gleason >= 7 or Gleason >= 8) was not. Only for high calcium intake was there a close correspondence for associations among high-grade cancer, advanced and fatal prostate cancer. Tomato sauce (inversely) and alpha-linolenic acid (positively) intakes were strong predictors of advanced cancer among those with low-grade cancers at diagnosis. Although the proportion of advanced stage cancers was much lower after PSA screening began, risk factors for advanced stage prostate cancers were similar in the pre-PSA and PSA era. The complexity of the clinical and pathologic manifestations of prostate cancer must be considered in the design and interpretation of studies. (C) 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The Omega-3 Fatty Acid Eicosapentaenoic Acid Accelerates Disease Progression in a Model of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis; Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a progressive fatal neurodegenerative disease characterised by loss of motor neurons that currently has no cure. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have many health benefits including neuroprotective and myoprotective potential. We tested the hypothesis that a high level of dietary EPA could exert beneficial effects in ALS. The dietary exposure to EPA (300 mg/kg/day) in a well-established mouse model of ALS expressing the G93A superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) mutation was initiated at a pre-symptomatic or symptomatic stage, and the disease progression was monitored until the end stage. Daily dietary EPA exposure initiated at the disease onset did not significantly alter disease presentation and progression. In contrast, EPA treatment initiated at the pre-symptomatic stage induced a significantly shorter lifespan. In a separate group of animals sacrificed before the end stage, the tissue analysis showed that the vacuolisation detected in G93A-SOD1 mice was significantly increased by exposure to EPA. Although EPA did not alter motor neurone loss, EPA reversed the significant increase in activated microglia and the astrocytic activation seen in G93A-SOD1 mice. The microglia in the spinal cord of G93A-SOD1 mice treated with EPA showed a significant increase in 4-hydroxy-2-hexenal, a highly toxic aldehydic oxidation product of omega-3 fatty acids. These data show that dietary EPA supplementation in ALS has the potential to worsen the condition and accelerate the disease progression. This suggests that great caution should be exerted when considering dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplements in ALS patients.
Omega-3 fatty acids lower blood pressure by directly activating large-conductance Ca<SUP>2+</SUP>-dependent K<SUP>+</SUP>channels; Long-chain polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), found abundantly in oily fish, may have diverse health-promoting effects, potentially protecting the immune, nervous, and cardiovascular systems. However, the mechanisms underlying the purported health-promoting effects of DHA remain largely unclear, in part because molecular signaling pathways and effectors of DHA are only beginning to be revealed. In vascular smooth muscle cells, large-conductance Ca2+-and voltage-activated K+ (BK) channels provide a critical vasodilatory influence. We report here that DHA with an EC50 of similar to 500 nM rapidly and reversibly activates BK channels composed of the pore-forming Slo1 subunit and the auxiliary subunit beta 1, increasing currents by up to similar to 20-fold. The DHA action is observed in cell-free patches and does not require voltage-sensor activation or Ca2+ binding but involves destabilization of the closed conformation of the ion conduction gate. DHA lowers blood pressure in anesthetized wildtype but not in Slo1 knockout mice. DHA ethyl ester, contained in dietary supplements, fails to activate BK channels and antagonizes the stimulatory effect of DHA. Slo1 BK channels are thus receptors for long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, and these fatty acids-unlike their ethyl ester derivatives-activate the channels and lower blood pressure. This finding has practical implications for the use of omega-3 fatty acids as nutraceuticals for the general public and also for the critically ill receiving omega-3-enriched formulas.
Neuroprotective diets for stroke; Stroke is one of the main causes of death and disability in the elderly. In the last few years, there has been increasing evidence that suggests the influence of the diet on the decrease of stroke risk. Probably, because of the presence of bioactive components with beneficial effects such as antioxidant or anti-inflammatory properties. This article reviews several dietary bioactive compounds from studies in models of cerebral ischemia that have obtained promising results decreasing cerebral damage. We propose that many of these compounds present in diet could be good candidates to test new neuro-protection approaches focused on reducing the damage and protecting the brain before stroke occurs. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Enteral and supplemental parenteral nutrition enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in intensive care patients - A randomized, controlled, double-blind clinical trial; Background & aims: Enteral nutrition (EN) and parenteral nutrition (PN) enriched with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have beneficial effects in critical illness. This study aimed to assess the combined effect of EN and supplemental PN enriched with omega-3 PUFA on blood oxygenation in intensive care unit (ICU) patient.
MCP1 Could Mediate FGF23 and Omega 6/Omega 3 Correlation Inversion in CKD; Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) concentrations rise after the early stages of chronic kidney disease (CKD). FGF23 is involved in inflammatory reactions closely associated with an incremented risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). There is growing evidence that omega-6 (n-6) and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) can modulate inflammation through several mediators producing an opposite effect on cardiovascular (CV) risks. In this study, we explore whether there is any correlation between PUFA, FGF23, and inflammation in CKD patients. We evaluated, cross-sectionally, 56 patients at different stages of CKD. Monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP1), and intact and c-terminal FGF23 (iFGF23, cFGF23) were quantified by the ELISA, and the fatty acids (FA) profile was analyzed by gas chromatography. Concurrently with an eGFR decrease (p < 0.01) and an MCP1 increase (p = 0.031), we observed an inversion of the correlation between FGF23 and the n-6/n-3 ratio. This last correlation was inversed in CKD stage 3 (r(2) (-) 0.502 p = 0.029) and direct in stage 5 (r(2) 0.657 p = 0.020). The increase in MCP1 seems to trigger events in the inversion of the correlation between FGF23 and the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio. This result strongly encourages future studies on basal pathways, on possible pharmacological interventions, and on managing kidney transplant patients treated with immunosuppressive therapy.
Comprehensive Lipid Management in the Coronary Artery Disease Patient; Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) is the lipoprotein most implicated in atherosclerosis, and aggressive statin therapy remains the cornerstone of treatment. Adjunct therapies are often required to reach LDL-C goals, and recent studies have only fueled the debate over ezetimibe versus niacin. Alternate dosing regimens of high-potency statins can be used in those who cannot tolerate side effects. Residual risk may remain after LDL-C goals are achieved. Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) must be calculated in patients with elevated triglycerides. Omega-3 fatty acids are most effective in lowering non-HDL-C. Low HDL-C levels can be raised with niacin, but clinical events may not be significantly reduced. Newer therapeutic targets, such as cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) inhibitors, raise HDL-C and are being evaluated for safety and efficacy. Several ongoing, randomized controlled trials are investigating the relative efficacy of adjunctive therapies for reducing coronary heart disease events in high-risk patients.
Short-term administration of omega-3 fatty acids in hemodialysis patients with balanced lipid metabolism; Background: At present, it is discussed whether omega-3 fatty acids show anti-inflammatory, antithrombogenic, and antiatherosclerotic effects, also in patients with chronic renal failure.
Improvement in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease severity is associated with a reduction in carotid intima-media thickness progression; Background and aims: n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) treatment may decrease liver fat in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), but uncertainty exists whether this treatment also decreases cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in NAFLD. We tested whether 15e18 months n-3 PUFA [docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid] (Omacor/Lovaza, 4 g/day) vs placebo decreased carotid intimamedia thickness (CIMT) progression, a surrogate marker of CVD risk. We also evaluated if improvement in markers of NAFLD severity was associated with decreased CIMT progression over time.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cellular development in human ovarian granulosa tumor cells (KGN); Emerging research has shown that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) benefit human health and exert anti-cancer effects. However, there is little understanding of the specific mechanisms by which PUFAs regulate the cells of the ovarian granulosa tumor. In the current study, we investigate the effects and the possible mechanisms of PUFAs on human ovarian tumor cells development. KGN cells were treated with omega-3. Small interfering (siRNA) and specific activator were used to knock down and overexpress gene expression in KGN cells. The protein content levels were analyzed by Western blot. Cell viability, proliferation and apoptosis assay were performed to examine the cellular development. And the level of glucose uptake in KGN cells were assessed by 2-DG measurement. The results showed that omega-3 treatment reduced cell viability, proliferation and increased cell apoptosis. Further studies showed that omega-3 also reduced GLUT1/4 protein content and cellular glucose uptake. Subsequent knockdown and overexpression of OCT4 using Oct4 siRNA and O4I2 (OCT4 activator) showed that OCT4 was involved in the regulations of omega-3 on GLUT1/4 expression and cell development. Our data demonstrate that omega-3 inhibits cellular development by down-regulating GLUT1/4 expression and glucose uptake in KGN cells, which are mediated through OCT4.
Oily fish consumption is inversely correlated with cerebral microbleeds in community-dwelling older adults: results from the Atahualpa Project; Background Oily fish is a major dietary source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs). These nutrients improve endothelial dysfunction, reduce beta-amyloid induced damage of neurovascular units, and might prevent the occurrence of cerebral microbleeds. However, this relationship has not been investigated so far.
Dietary Factors and the Risk of Coronary Heart Disease; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality in the US. A variety of dietary components and patterns have been suggested to decrease the risk of CHD. The current review examines the epidemiological evidence lending support to beneficial effects of dietary factors on CHD risk. The current literature strongly supports the notion that Mediterranean diet, omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids, flavonoids and polyphenols, dietary fiber, and whole grains confer protection against CHD. Overall, there is no evidence that vitamin intake reduces the risk of incident CHD and data on the role of garlic in CHD prevention are equivocal.
Gut bacteria profiles of <i>Mus musculus</i> at the phylum and family levels are influenced by saturation of dietary fatty acids; Background: Mammalian gut microbiota have been implicated in a variety of functions including the breakdown of ingested nutrients, the regulation of energy intake and storage, the control of immune system development and activity, and the synthesis of novel chemicals. Previous studies have shown that feeding mammalian hosts a high-fat diet shifts gut bacteria at the phylum level to reduce the ratio of Bacteroidetes-to-Firmicutes, while feeding hosts a fat-restricted diet increases this ratio. However, few studies have investigated the differential effects of fatty acid type on gut bacterial profile.
Can enhanced recovery programmes be further improved by the addition of omega three fatty acids?; The term "enhanced recovery programme (ERP)" means applying defined protocols to augment the recovery of patients following surgery. Inflammation is body's response to insults such as infection, injury and surgical procedures. Inflammatory mediators whose function is initially protective may cause undesirable consequences, if the response is unnecessarily prolonged. The principle effects of ERP result from the reduction of the profound stress which results following major surgical procedures.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids alter expression of fibrotic and hypertrophic genes in a dog model of atrial cardiomyopathy; BACKGROUND We previously showed that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce vulnerability to atrial fibrillation (AF). The mechanisms underlying this effect are unknown.
Distinguishing Health Benefits of Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids; Long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs) are recommended for management of patients with wide-ranging chronic diseases, including coronary heart disease, rheumatoid arthritis, dementia, and depression. Increased consumption of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is recommended by many health authorities to prevent (up to 0.5 g/day) or treat chronic disease (1.0 g/day for coronary heart disease; 1.2-4 g/day for elevated triglyceride levels). Recommendations for dietary intake of LC n-3 PUFAs are often provided for a-linolenic acid, and for the combination of EPA and DHA. However, many studies have also reported differential effects of EPA, DHA and their metabolites in the clinic and at the laboratory bench. The aim of this article is to review studies that have identified divergent responses to EPA and DHA, and to explore reasons for these differences. In particular, we review potential contributing factors such as differential membrane incorporation, modulation of gene expression, activation of signaling pathways and metabolite formation. We suggest that there may be future opportunity to refine recommendations for intake of individual LC n-3 PUFAs.
Metabolism of linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids in cultured cardiomyocytes: Effect of different N-6 and N-3 fatty acid supplementation; The metabolites of linoleic (LA) and alpha-linolenic (ALA) acids are involved in coronary heart disease. Both n-6 and n-3 essential fatty acids (EFAs) are likely to be important in prevention of atherosclerosis since the common risk factors are associated with their reduced 6-desaturation. We previously demonstrated the ability of heart tissue to desaturate LA. In this study we examined the ability of cultured cardiomyocytes to metabolize both LA and ALA in vivo, in the absence and in the presence of gamma linolenic acid (GLA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) alone or combined together. In control conditions, about 25% of LA and about 90% of ALA were converted in PUFAs. GLA supplementation had no influence on LA conversion to more unsaturated fatty acids, while the addition of n-3 fatty acids, alone or combined together, significantly decreased the formation of interconversion products from LA. Using the combination of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs, GLA seemed to counterbalance partially the inhibitory effect of EPA and DHA on LA desaturation/elongation. The conversion of ALA to more unsaturated metabolites was greatly affected by GLA supplementation. Each supplemented fatty acid was incorporated to a significant extent into cardiomyocyte lipids, as revealed by gas chromatographic analysis. The n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio was greatly influenced by the different supplementations; the ratio in GLA+EPA+DHA supplemented cardiomyocytes was the most similar to that recorded in control cardiomyocytes. Since important risk factors for coronary disease may be associated with reduced 6-desaturation of the parent EFAs, administration of n-6 or n-3 EFA metabolites alone could cause undesirable effects. Since they appear to have different and synergistic roles, only combined treatment with both n-6 and n-3 metabolites is likely to achieve optimum results.
<i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Reduce Neonatal Hypoxic/Ischemic Brain Injury by Promoting Phosphatidylserine Formation and Akt Signaling; Background and Purpose Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) attenuate neonatal hypoxic/ischemic (H/I) brain damage, but the underlying mechanisms are not fully understood. This study tested the hypothesis that n-3 PUFAs enhance Akt-dependent prosurvival signaling by promoting the biosynthesis of phosphatidylserine in neuronal cell membranes.
INFLUENCE OF UNSATURATED FATTY-ACID MEMBRANE COMPONENT ON SENSITIVITY OF AN ESCHERICHIA-COLI FATTY-ACID AUXOTROPH TO CONDITIONS OF NUTRIENT DEPLETION; The unsaturated fatty acid auxotroph Escherichia coli AK7 was provided with either oleic acid (cis 18:1) or linolenic acid (cis 18:3) to vary the degree of unsaturation of cell membrane lipids. The susceptibility of oleic acid- and linolenic acid-grown cells to starvation at 37.degree. C in 154 mM NaCl was compared following the decline in the number of CFU by plating the cells on agar medium. The decline in CFU was faster for linolenic acid- than for oleic acid-grown cells, but it was not  indicative of cell death, since culturable CFU was recovered after respirable substrate was added to the starved cell suspension. Cell envelope microviscosity (determined by fluorescence polarization) of oleic acid- and linolenic acid-grown cells was equal in the presence of a respirable substrate, but in its absence the microviscosity of linolenic acid-grown cells was lower than that of oleic acid-grown cells. The results suggest that cell envelope microviscosity is an important factor in  determining the sensitivity of E. coli to conditions of nutrient depletion.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids induce ovarian cancer cell death through ROS-dependent MAP kinase activation; Free fatty acids not only play a role in cell membrane construction and energy production but also exert diverse cellular effects through receptor and non-receptor mechanisms. Moreover, epidemiological and clinical studies have so far suggested that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) could have health benefits and the advantage as therapeutic use in cancer treatment. However, the underlying mechanisms of PUFA-induced cellular effects remained to be cleared. Here, we examined the effects of omega-3 and to omega-6 PUFAs on cell death in ovarian cancer cell lines. omega-3 PUFA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and omega-6 PUFA, gamma-linolenic acid (gamma-LNA) induced cell death in KF28 cells at the levels of physiological concentrations, but not HAC2 cells. Pharmacological and biochemical analyses demonstrated that cell death induced by DHA and gamma-LNA was correlated with activation of JNK and p38 MAP kinases, and further an upstream MAP kinase kinase, apoptosis signal -regulating kinase 1, which is stimulated by reactive oxygen species (ROS). Furthermore, an antioxidant vitamin E attenuated PUFA-induced cell death and MAP kinase activation. These findings indicate that PUFA-induced cell death involves ROS-dependent MAP kinase activation and is a cell type -specific action. A further study of the underlying mechanisms for ROS-dependent cell death induced by PUFAs will lead to the discovery of a new target for cancer therapy or diagnosis. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and P/S ratio in adipose tissue in relation to occupational class and education in the study of men born in 1933; Background and aim: We examined the effect of socioeconomic factors on fatty acid pattern in adipose tissue as a possible contributory explanatory factor in the inverse association between socioeconomic status and risk of coronary, heart disease (CHD) found in Sweden and other countries. Methods and Results: Adipose tissue samples and data on occupational class and education were collected in 437 Swedish men aged 59 front a random population sample of 879 men (50%). The percentage saturated fat in adipose tissue increased slightly but significantly with higher occupational class and with higher educational level (p=0.002 for both), chiefly due to an increase in palmitic acid but also in myristic acid. No significant association was seen between occupational class and linoleic acid (p=0.12), but men with higher education had less linoleic acid in adipose tissue (p=0.04). The relative amount of alpha-linolenic acid decreased with higher occupational class (p=0.01) and with higher education (p=0.02). P/S ratio was slightly lower among higher officials and professionals than among unskilled workers (p=0.05) and also decreased with increasing educational level (p=0.01). Educational level remained positively related (p=0.0007) to palmitic acid in a multiple regression model which controlled for waist-to-hip ratio, hypertension, diabetes, history of myocardial infarction, and alcohol consumption. Both linoleic, and alpha-linolenic acid were independently negatively associated with education, after controlling for waist-to-hip ratio, alcohol consumption, and non-Scandinavian origin. Results were similar if occupational class was entered into the analyses instead of educational level. Conclusions: In this subsample of Swedish men high occupational class and high educational level were associated with an unfavorable fatty acid pattern. These results do not indicate that differences in fat consumption and/or metabolism contribute to the large socioeconomic differences in incidence of CHD found in previous studies. (C) 1996, Medikal Press.
Dietary intake of omega fatty acids and polyphenols and its relationship with the levels of inflammatory markers in men with chronic coronary syndrome after percutaneous coronary intervention; BACKGROUND The platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR), neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), and C-reactive protein (CRP) are useful in assessing inflammation in patients after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The PLR and NLR are also independent predictors of cardiovascular mortality. Moreover, higher CRP levels increase the risk of long-term mortality in patients undergoing PCI.
Omega-3 Eicosapentaenoic Acid Decreases CD133 Colon Cancer Stem-Like Cell Marker Expression While Increasing Sensitivity to Chemotherapy; Colorectal cancer is the third leading cause of cancer-related death in the western world. In vitro and in vivo experiments showed that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can attenuate the proliferation of cancer cells, including colon cancer, and increase the efficacy of various anticancer drugs. However, these studies address the effects of n-3 PUFAs on the bulk of the tumor cells and not on the undifferentiated colon cancer stem-like cells (CSLCs) that are responsible for tumor formation and maintenance. CSLCs have also been linked to the acquisition of chemotherapy resistance and to tumor relapse. Colon CSLCs have been immunophenotyped using several antibodies against cellular markers including CD133, CD44, EpCAM, and ALDH. Anti-CD133 has been used to isolate a population of colon cancer cells that retains stem cells properties (CSLCs) from both established cell lines and primary cell cultures. We demonstrated that the n-3 PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), was actively incorporated into the membrane lipids of COLO 320 DM cells. 25 uM EPA decreased the cell number of the overall population of cancer cells, but not of the CD133 (+) CSLCs. Also, we observed that EPA induced down-regulation of CD133 expression and up-regulation of colonic epithelium differentiation markers, Cytokeratin 20 (CK20) and Mucin 2 (MUC2). Finally, we demonstrated that EPA increased the sensitivity of COLO 320 DM cells (total population) to both standard-of-care chemotherapies (5-Fluorouracil and oxaliplatin), whereas EPA increased the sensitivity of the CD133 (+) CSLCs to only 5-Fluorouracil.
Marine <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids promote size reduction of visceral adipose depots, without altering body weight and composition, in male Wistar rats fed a high-fat diet; We evaluated the effects of partly substituting lard with marine n-3 fatty acids (FA) on body composition and weight, adipose tissue distribution and gene expression in five adipose depots of male Wistar rats fed a high-fat diet. Rats were fed diets including lard (19.5 % lard) or n-3 FA (9-1 % lard and 10.4 % Triomar(TM)) for 7 weeks. reed consumption and weight gain were similar, whereas plasma lipid concentrations were lower in the n-3 FA group. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed smaller visceral (mesenteric, perirenal and epididymal) adipose depots in the n-3 FA-fed animals (35, 44 and 32 % reductions, respectively). n-3 FA feeding increased mRNA expression of cytokines as well as chemokines in several adipose depots. Expression of Adipoq and Pparg was enhanced in the mesenteric adipose depots of the n-3 FA-fed rats, and fasting plasma insulin levels were lowered. Expression of the lipogenic enzymes Acaca and Fasn was increased in the visceral adipose depots, whereas Dgat1 was reduced in the perirenal and epididymal depots. Cpt2 mRNA expression was almost doubled in the mesenteric depot and liver. Carcass analyses showed similar body fat (%) in the two feeding groups, indicating that n-3 FA feeding led to redistribution of fat away from the visceral compartment.
Omega-3 fatty acids in boxer dogs with arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce arrhythmia in animal models and people. These effects have not been studied in dogs with spontaneously occurring arrhythmia.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids for Nutrition and Medicine: Considering Microalgae Oil as a Vegetarian Source of EPA and DHA; Long-chain EPA/DHA omega-3 fatty acid supplementation can be co-preventative and co-therapeutic. Current research suggests increasing accumulated long chain omega-3s for health benefits and as natural medicine in several major diseases. But many believe plant omega-3 sources are nutritionally and therapeutically equivalent to the EPA/DHA omega-3 in fish oil. Although healthy, precursor ALA bio-conversion to EPA is inefficient and production of DHA is nearly absent, limiting the protective value of ALA supplementation from flax-oil, for example. Along with pollutants certain fish acquire high levels of EPA/DHA as predatory species. However, the origin of EPA/DHA in aquatic ecosystems is algae. Certain microalgae produce high levels of EPA or DHA. Now, organically produced DHA-rich microalgae oil is available. Clinical trials with DHA-rich oil indicate comparable efficacies to fish oil for protection from cardiovascular risk factors by lowering plasma triglycerides and oxidative stress. This review discusses 1) omega-3 fatty acids in nutrition and medicine; 2) omega-3s in physiology and gene regulation; 3) possible protective mechanisms of EPA/DHA in major diseases such as coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, cancer and type 2 diabetes; 4) EPA and DHA requirements considering fish oil safety; and 5) microalgae EPA and DHA-rich oils and recent clinical results.
Mendelian Randomization Study for Genetically Predicted Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Levels on Overall Cancer Risk and Mortality; Background: Observational studies evaluating the link between polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and cancers have yielded mixed findings. We used Mendelian randomization (MR) to evaluate whether genetic evidence supports a causal role for PUFAs on overall cancer outcomes.
IMPROVED LARVAL SURVIVAL AT METAMORPHOSIS OF ASIAN SEA-BASS (LATES-CALCARIFER) USING OMEGA-3-HUFA-ENRICHED LIVE FOOD; Asian seabass (Lates calcarifer) larvae were fed Brachionus cultured on Chlorella and, as soon as ingestion was possible, different types of Artemia i.e., nauplii of the San Francisco Bay (SFB) strain, Great Salt Lake (GSL) strain or GSL nauplii that had been bioencapsulated with an emulsion containing high levels of the .omega.3-HUFAs (highly unsaturated fatty acids) 20:5 and 22:6. San Francisco Bay Artemia with a good natural fatty acid profile and small body size could be offered earlier than the larger but HUFA-poor Great Salt Lake strain. The poor nutritional quality of the latter, however, could be corrected by enriching the nauplii with an .omega.3-HUFA emulsion for 24 h, after which time high levels of the .omega.3-HUFAs 20:5 and 22:6 were obtained. When the Artemia diet offered before metamorphosis included natural or supplemented essential fatty acids, no significant differences in dry weight, length or survival of the fish were noticed, as compared to fish fed the naturally  deficient GSL Artemia. Onset of metamorphosis and physiological condition after metamorphosis, however, were influenced by the HUFA content of the ingested prey. Seabass larvae fed SFB or enriched GSL Artemia started metamorphosis on day 19, while those in the non-enriched series never achieved metamorphosis and died of a nutritional deficiency syndrome by day 27. An indication of the physiological condition of the larvae and the early detection of the syndrome was possible by subjecting 21- and 25-day-old larvae to a stress test: abrupt exposure of the larvae to 65-ppt saline water resulted in abundant and early mortality in HUFA-deficient fish larvae. Fry receiving .omega.3-HUFA-fortified Artemia had a superior physiological condition which was reflected by significantly lower mortality figures in the stress test.
Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk: current status and treatments; Purpose of review The role of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs) in the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is at the forefront of current research and treatment development programs. Despite extreme lowering of LDL-cholesterol there remains a high risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality. Recent large epidemiological, genomic wide association studies and Mendelian randomization studies have identified novel mechanisms and targets regulating TRL. This review will focus on recent and ongoing clinical trials that aim to reduce cardiovascular risk by decreasing plasma levels of TRL. Recent findings Ongoing efforts of basic and clinical scientist have described novel TRL regulating mechanism. The concentration on lifestyle changes is key to prevention and treatment guidelines. There is continue evidence that supports previous guidelines using fibrates alone and in combination with niacin to reduce TRLs, in special cases. The recent results from the REDUCE-IT study support the use of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) for risk reduction and ASCVD, but recently presented data from the Long-Term Outcome Study to Assess Statin Residual Risk Reduction With Epanova in High Cardiovascular Risk Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia and Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Elderly Patients With Acute Myocardial Infarction studies do not support the use of combination EPA/docosahexaenoic acid. The latter highlights the need for further studies into the pathways regulating ASCVD risk reduction after EPA administration. The identification of novel targets, such as apolipoprotein C3 and angiopoietin-like protein-3, are driving the development of novel treatments, and is the focus of this review. The current management of elevated triglyceride levels and the effect on cardiovascular outcomes is an emerging area of research. New data from fish oil studies suggest differences in EPA vs. EPA/docosahexaenoic acid cardio protection outcomes. The preliminary data from ongoing clinical trials of novel triglyceride-lowering therapeutics are promising. These programs will ultimately provide foundations for future triglyceride-lowering guidelines.
Prevention of Alzheimer's disease: Omega-3 fatty acid and phenolic anti-oxidant interventions; Alzheimer's disease (AD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) are syndromes of aging that share analogous lesions and risk factors. involving lipoproteins, oxidative damage and inflammation. Unlike in CVD, in AD. sensitive biomarkers are unknown, and high-risk groups are understudied. To identify potential prevention strategies in AD, we have focused on pre-clinical models (transgenic and amyloid infusion models), testing dietary/lifestyle factors strongly implicated in reducing risk in epidemiological studies. Initially, we reported the impact of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), notably ibuprofen. which reduced amyloid accumulation, but suppressed few inflammatory markers and without reducing oxidative damage. Safety concerns with chronic NSAIDs led to a screen of alternative NSAIDs and identification of the phenolic anti-inflammatory/anti-oxidant compound curcumin, the yellow pigment in turmeric that we found targeted multiple AD pathogenic cascades. The dietary omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), also limited amyloid, oxidative damage and synaptic and cognitive deficits in a transgenic mouse model. Both DHA and curcumin have favorable safety profiles, epidemiology and efficacy, and may exert general anti-aging benefits (anti-cancer and cardioprotective.) (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
THE QUANTIFICATION OF BRAIN-LESIONS WITH AN OMEGA-3 SITE LIGAND - A CRITICAL ANALYSIS OF ANIMAL-MODELS OF CEREBRAL-ISCHEMIA AND NEURODEGENERATION; Previous investigations have indicated that the detection and quantification of .omega.3 (peripheral type benzodiazepine) binding site densities that are associated with reactive astroglia and macrophages could be of widespread applicability in the localization and indirect assessment of neural tissue damage in the central nervous system. In the present study, we analyze the usefulness of this approach in a number of experimental models that are characterized by (or putatively involve) neuronal degeneration. One week after the systemic administration of the excitotoxin, kainate, a marked increase in .omega.3 site densities (as assessed by [3H]PK 11195 binding) was noted, an increase that was most prominent in known regions of selective vulnerability (hippocampus and septum). However, the kainate-induced .omega.3 site proliferation was not a function of the dose administered, a marked interstudy variation was observed, and the binding increase was prevented by the administration of the anticonvulsant, clonazepam. The densities of .omega.3 sites were studied, by autoradiography (using [3H]PK 11195 or [3H]PK 14105 as ligands), in 4 groups of Fischer 344 rats aged 3, 12, 22 and 30 months. No age-related changes were noted except in the 30-month-old group in which discrete and focal increases (reflecting tumoral processes) were observed in various brain regions. In spontaneously hypertensive, stroke-prone rats, .omega.3 binding increases were observed concomitant with the development of stroke-related neurological signs. With autoradiography, the .omega.3 site increase was localized to focal increases in the boundary zones between major cerebral arteries (and corresponding to regions of ischaemic or haemorrhagic infarction). Focal cerebral ischaemia was studied in rats and mice. Subsequent to middle cerebral artery occlusion in normotensive (Wistar/Kyoto) and spontaneously hypertensive rats, the density of .omega.3 sites in the ipsilateral hemisphere was markedly  elevated, the increase being greater in the spontaneously hypertensive rats. The increases in .omega.3 labelling in these two strains matched the absolute volumes of infarctions, determined previously. Middle cerebral artery occlusion in the mouse also increased hemispheric levels of .omega.3 sites; the maximum values were obtained between 4 and 8 days following the induction of focal ischaemia. These results demonstrate the feasibility of using .omega.3 sites as a marker of excitotoxic, ischaemic and  proliferative damage in the rodent brain. Binding measurement in tissue homogenates is an economic and time-efficient approach, whereas the autoradiographic detection of .omega.3 sites allows the localization of brain lesions with a macroscopic or microscopic level of anatomical resolution. Despite its indirect nature, the measurement of .omega.3 sites constitutes a new and powerful tool for the detection and quantification of a variety of neuropathological lesions within the central nervous system.
Markers of high fish intake are associated with decreased risk of a first myocardial infarction; High intake of fish has been associated with reduced risk of CHD. The high content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish has been suggested to be a protective factor. In addition, fish is the entirely dominating source of methylmercury for the general population, and the concentration of Hg in erythrocytes (Ery-Hg) is often used as an index of fish consumption. Our aim was to study the relationships between a first-ever myocardial infarction, Ery-Hg, activity of gluthathione peroxidase in erythrocytes (Ery-GSH-Px) and plasma concentration of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (P-PUFA). In a population-based prospective nested case-control study within Northern Sweden seventy-eight cases of a first-ever myocardial infarction were compared with 156 controls with respect to Ery-Hg, P-PUFA and Ery-GSH-Px. Both Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, but not Ery-GSH-Px, were significantly (P<0.0001) higher in subjects reporting high fish intake (at least one meal per week) than in those with lower intake. This finding suggests that Ery-Hg and P-PUFA reflect previous long-term fish intake. Low risk of myocardial infarction was associated with high Ery-Hg or high P-PUFA. In a multivariate model the risk of myocardial infarction was further reduced in subjects with both high Ery-Hg and high P-PUFA (odds ratio 0.16, 95 % CI 0.04, 0.65). In conclusion, there is a strong inverse association between the risk of a first myocardial infarction and the biomarkers of fish intake, Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, and this association is independent of traditional risk factors.
<i>OeFAD8, OeLIP</i> and <i>OeOSM</i> expression and activity in cold-acclimation of <i>Olea europaea</i>, a perennial dicot without winter-dormancy; Cold-acclimation genes in woody dicots without winter-dormancy, e.g., olive-tree, need investigation. Positive relationships between OeFAD8, OeOSM , and OeLIP19 and olive-tree cold-acclimation exist, and couple with increased lipid unsaturation and cutinisation.
Low Serum Eicosapentaenoic Acid Levels in Cryptogenic Stroke with Active Cancer; Background and Purpose: The increased prevalence of cancer has led to it being considered an important factor in the cause of cryptogenic stroke. In recent years, polyunsaturated fatty acids, particularly omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, have been shown to prevent cancer development and progression. This study aimed to clarify the characteristics of serum polyunsaturated fatty acids in cryptogenic stroke with active cancer. Methods: The serum levels polyunsaturated fatty acid fractions (eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA; docosahexaenoic acid, DHA; dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid, DHLA; and arachidonic acid, AA) in cases of cryptogenic stroke, sampled within 5 days after admission, were measured. Active cancer was defined as a new diagnosis, treatment, progression or recurrence within 6 months before admission, or metastatic cancer. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to explore the relationship between serum polyunsaturated fatty acids and cryptogenic stroke with active cancer. Results: Among 123 cases classified as cryptogenic stroke, 27 had active cancer. The serum EPA levels (1.26 +/- 0.72 versus 1.89 +/- 1.27 umol/l; P = 0.02) were significantly lower in cryptogenic stroke with active cancer, whereas the serum DHA, DHLA and AA levels did not significantly differ. Multivariate logistic analysis revealed that the serum EPA levels were associated with cryptogenic stroke with active cancer independently of age and serum D-dimer levels (odds ratio, 0.974; 95% confidence interval, 0.949-0.999; P = 0.04). Conclusions: In our study, low serum EPA levels were associated with cryptogenic stroke with active cancer. This suggests that low serum EPA levels may have some involvement in the pathogenesis of cryptogenic stroke with active cancer.
Can brain dysfunction be a predisposing factor for metabolic syndrome?; The various mechanisms that may explain the association between brain dysfunction and the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome (MS) leading to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes have been reviewed. A Medline search was conducted until September 2003, and articles published in various national and international journals were reviewed. Experts working in the field were also consulted. Compelling evidence was found that saturated and total fat and low dietary n-3 fatty acids and other long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in conjunction with sedentary behavior and mental stress combined with various personality traits can enhance sympathetic activity and increase the secretion of catecholamine, cortisol and serotonin, all of which appear to be underlying mechanisms involved in MS. Excess secretion of these neurotransmitters in conjunction with underlying long-chain PUFA deficiency may damage the neurons in the ventromedial hypothalamus and insulin receptors in the brain, in particular during fetal life, infancy and childhood, and lead to their dysfunction. Since 30-50% of the fatty acids in the brain are long-chain PUFAs, especially omega-3 fatty acids which are incorporated in the cell membrane phospholipids, it is possible that their supplementation may have a protective effect. Omega-3 fatty acids are also known to enhance parasympathetic activity and to increase the secretion of anti-inflammatory cytokines as well as acetylecholine in the hippocampus. It is possible that a marginal deficiency of long-chain PUFAs, especially n-3 fatty acids, due to poor dietary intake during the critical period of brain growth and development in the fetus, and later in the infant and also possibly in the child, adolescent and adult may enhance the release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) interleukin (IL)- 1, 2 and 6 and cause neuronal dysfunction. Experimental studies indicate that ventromedial hypothalamic lesions in rats induce hyperphagia, resulting in glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. Treatment with neuropeptide Y abolished hyperphagia and ob mRNA (leptin mRNA) in this animal model. Long-term infusion of norepinephrine and serotonin into the ventromedial hypothalamus impaired pancreatic islet function inasmuch as ventromedial hypothalamic norepinephrine and serotonin levels were elevated in hyperinsulinemic and insulin-resistant animals. Treatment with insulin was associated with restoration of hypothalamic neurotransmitter abnormalities, indicating that ventromedial hypothalamus dysfunction can impair pancreatic beta cells resulting in metabolic abnormalities consistent with MS. Treatment with omega-3 fatty acids, beta blockers, ACE inhibitors, estrogen, and meditation may have a beneficial effect on insulin receptors and ventromedial hypothalamic dysfunction. However, no definite or precise insight into the pathophysiological link between MS, brain function and nutrition is available. Despite this, epidemiological studies and intervention trials indicate that treatment with n-3 fatty acids may be adopted in clinical practice and used to direct therapy for prevention of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease (CAD), and atherosclerosis, thereby indicating that MS may also respond to this treatment. (C) 2004 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
<i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids and <i>trans</i> fatty acids in patients with the metabolic syndrome:: a case-control study in Korea; n-3 and Trans fatty acids are considered to be the important modifiable factors of the metabolic syndrome. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that lower Omega-3 fatty acids and/or higher trans fatty acids of erythrocytes (RBC) are associated with the risk of the metabolic syndrome. Forty-four patients with the metabolic syndrome, defined by three or more risk factors of the modified Adult Treatment Panel III criteria, and eighty-eight age- and sex-matched controls with less than three risk factors were recruited for the study. The mean age was 54.5 (SEM 0.8) years and 45 % of Subjects were female. Trans fatty acids of RBC were higher in patients than controls (0.82 (SEM 0.04) v. 0.73 (SEM 0.03) %; P=0.043) while their Omega-3 indexes, the sum of EPA and DHA in RBC, did not significantly differ (11.78 (SEM 0.04) v. 12.39 (SEM 0.02) %). Multivariable-adjusted regression analysis showed positive association between trans fatty acid and risk of the metabolic syndrome (OR 7.13: 95 % CI 1.53, 33.27: P=0.013). Fasting serum insulin (7.9 (SEM 0.7) v. 4.9 (SEM 0.3) mu U/ml; P < 0.001) and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (18 (SEM 3) v. 11 (SEM 17) mg/ l; P=0.042) were also higher in patients than controls. There were significant positive relationships between trans fatty acids and waist circumference. and between trans fatty acids and BMI. The results suggested that RBC trans fatty acids might be a predictor of increased risk for the metabolic syndrome, but n-3 fatty acids were not in this Population.
The impact of type 2 diabetes mellitus on prognosis in patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a recognized risk factor for acute coronary syndromes. There is currently no consensus concerning the intensification of antihyperglycemic treatment. According to the available guidelines, it seems that the goal is to achieve glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) levels below 7% and avoid hypoglycemia. The choice of a revascularization method is influenced by many factors, such as the anatomy of the coronary arteries, severity of atherosclerosis, anatomical location of lesions, and presence of comorbidities. However, in non-ST elevation myocardial infarction, determining the culprit lesion is often difficult based on ECG or angiography. Experts recommend coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) in patients with type 2 diabetes and multivessel or complex (SYNTAX score exceeding 22 points) coronary artery disease in order to improve survival. Percutaneous coronary intervention should be considered as an alternative to CABG to control symptoms in patients with type 2 diabetes and less complex forms of the disease (i. e., SYNTAX score of 22 or lower).
EPA and DHA in blood cell membranes from acute coronary syndrome patients and controls; Background: Increased blood levels of the omega-3 fatty acids (FA) eicosapentacnoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been inversely associated with risk for sudden cardiac death, but their relationship with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) is unclear.
The resolution of inflammation through omega-3 fatty acids in atherosclerosis, intimal hyperplasia, and vascular calcification; Omega-3 fatty acids serve as the substrate for the formation of a group of lipid mediators that mediate the resolution of inflammation. The cardiovascular inflammatory response in atherosclerosis and vascular injury is characterized by a failure in the resolution of inflammation, resulting in a chronic inflammatory response. The proresolving lipid mediator resolvin E1 (RvE1) is formed by enzymatic conversion of the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and signals resolution of inflammation through its receptor ChemR23. Importantly, the resolution of cardiovascular inflammation is an active, multifactorial process that involves modulation of the immune response, direct actions on the vascular wall, as well as close interactions between macrophages and vascular smooth muscle cells. Promoting anti-atherogenic signalling through the stimulation of endogenous resolution of inflammation pathways may provide a novel therapeutic strategy in cardiovascular prevention.
Omega-3 DHA and EPA for cognition, behavior, and mood: Clinical findings and structural-functional synergies with cell membrane phospholipids; The omega-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are orthomolecular, conditionally essential nutrients that enhance quality of life and lower the risk of premature death.They function exclusively via cell membranes, in which they are anchored by phospholipid molecules. DHA is proven essential to pre- and postnatal brain development, whereas EPA seems more influential on behavior and mood. Both DHA and EPA generate neuroprotective metabolites. In double-blind, randomized, controlled trials, DHA and EPA combinations have been shown to benefit attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (AD/HD), autism, dyspraxia, dyslexia, and aggression. For the affective disorders, meta-analyses confirm benefits in major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder, with promising results in schizophrenia and initial benefit for borderline personality disorder. Accelerated cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) correlate with lowered tissue levels of DHA/EPA, and supplementation has improved cognitive function. Huntington disease has responded to EPA. Omega-3 phospholipid supplements that combine DHA/EPA and phospholipids into the same molecule have shown marked promise in early clinical trials. Phosphaticlylserine with DHA/ EPA attached (Omega-3 PS) has been shown to alleviate AD/ HD symptoms. Krill omega-3 phospholipids, containing mostly phosphatidylcholine (PC) with DHA/EPA attached, markedly outperformed conventional fish oil DHA/EPA triglycerides in double-blind trials for premenstrual syndrome/dysmenorrhea and for normalizing blood lipid profiles. Krill omega-3 phospholipids demonstrated anti-inflammatory activity, lowering C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in a double-blind trial. Utilizing DHA and EPA together with phospholipids and membrane antioxidants to achieve a "triple cell membrane synergy" may further diversify their currently wide range of clinical applications.
Investigation of membrane fatty acid profiles in erythrocytes of patients with stable coronary artery disease; BACKGROUND: The association between the erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and the severity of coronary stenosis has not been studied in patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD).
Interaction between dietary marine-derived n-3 fatty acids intake and J-point elevation on the risk of cardiac death: a 24-year follow-up of Japanese men; Objective Higher marine-derived n-3 fatty acids (MDn3FAs) intake reduces the risk of sudden cardiac death via antiarrhythmic effects. The article evaluates whether MDn3FAs intake attenuates the increased risk of cardiac death associated with J-point elevation (JPE), characterised by an elevation of QRS-ST junction (J-point) >= 0.1 mV on electrocardiography.
Management of Hypertriglyceridemia for Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease; Mendelian randomization data strongly suggest that hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) causes atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), and so triglyceride (TG) level lowering treatment in HTG is now more strongly recommended to address the residual ASCVD risk than has been the case in (generally earlier) published guidelines. Fibrates are the best-established agents for TG level lowering and are generally used as first-line treatment of TG levels greater than 500 mg/dL and prescription omega-3 and niacin are also useful. Statins are the best-established agents for ASCVD prevention, and so are usually used as first-line treatment of TG levels less than 500 mg/dL.
Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation alters plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition in hyperlipidemic children: results from the endothelial assessment of risk from lipids in youth (EARLY) study; Evidence suggests that dietary n-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are protective against cardiovascular disease. Previous research has shown that DHA supplementation improves vascular endothelial function in hyperlipidemic children. The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of dietary supplementation with DHA on plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition in hyperlipidemic children as a potential mechanism for the vascular response. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, cross-over study design, 20 children (9-19 years of age) were counseled to follow the National Cholesterol Education Program Step II (NCEP-II) diet for 6 months. After 6 weeks on diet alone, they were randomly assigned to DHA supplementation (1.2 g/day) or placebo for 6 weeks, followed by a washout phase (6 weeks) and cross-over phase (6 weeks) while continuing the NCEP-II diet. DHA supplementation significantly altered the plasma phospholipid fatty acid profile by increasing DHA concentrations by 250% and decreasing n-6 fatty acid concentrations (20:3n-6, 20:4n-6, 22:4n-6, 22:5n-6). These findings indicate that short-term consumption of DHA is reflected in marked changes in plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition in hyperlipidemic children. This favorable shift in n-3 lipid profile may confer preventive cardiovascular benefits in this young population at high risk for early coronary heart disease. Subsequent incorporation of n-3 fatty acids in vascular tissue may contribute to the restoration of endothelial function associated with DHA supplementation, as previously reported. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Acute heart failure - Basic pathomechanism and new drug targets; In view of the high incidence of heart failure and sudden cardiac death, efforts in the development of compounds which target-specific mechanisms such as a reduced expression of SERCA2, the Ca2+ pump of sarcoplasmic reticulum, of hypertrophied cardiomyocytes of pressure-overloaded or infarcted hearts should be strengthened. Lead compounds for correcting a dysregulated gene expression are the carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 (CPT-1) inhibitors etomoxir and oxfenicine. Since bypassing the CPT-1 inhibition by a medium-chain fatty acid diet had a lesser effect on myosin V1 proportion than on lipid droplet number, one has to infer also other mechanisms such as PPAR alpha activation (FOXIB/PPAR alpha). In view of the intricate interrelationship between depressed pump function and malignant arrhythmias, stimulation of endogenous antiarrhythmogenic mechanisms linked to an enhanced production of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DNA) could potentially provide alternatives to the administration of 1 g EPA and DHA ethyl esters (minimum 84% EPA+DHA) for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction. The apparently greater efficacy of omega-3 fatty acids in post-myocardial infarction patients (GISSI-Prevention study) compared with ICD patients (SOFA study) can be attributed to the greater ischemia-induced release of membrane-bound EPA and DHA and a better compliance (one vs. four capsules daily).
Effects of prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters, coadministered with atorvastatin, on circulating levels of lipoprotein particles, apolipoprotein CIII, and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> mass in men and women with mixed dyslipidemia; BACKGROUND: Prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters (POM3) reduce triglycerides (TG) and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Effects of Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> Supplementation on Body Composition in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL); Context: Although observational studies show inverse associations between vitamin D status and body weight/adiposity, there are few large randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating this relationship.
Classical and Novel Lipid-Lowering Therapies for Diabetic Patients with Established Coronary Artery Disease or High Risk of Coronary Artery Disease-A Narrative Clinical Review; Diabetic atherosclerosis is a complex process that is characterized by diffuse and unstable lesions increasing 2-4-fold the risk of adverse cardiovascular (CV) events. Diabetic dyslipidemia has a predominant role in coronary artery disease (CAD) and has been the target of classical and emerging pharmaceutical agents with established or promising CV benefits. The aim of the present narrative review was to summarize the effects of classical and novel lipid-lowering pharmaceutical agents on lipid profile and CV outcomes in diabetic patients with established CAD or high risk of CAD. Statins remain the first-line treatment for all diabetic patients since they considerably ameliorate lipid parameters and non-lipid CV risk factors, leading to reduced CV morbidity and mortality. Complementary to statins, ezetimibe exerts lipid-lowering properties with modest but significant reductions in major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) and CV mortality. PCSK9 inhibitors considerably reduce LDL-C levels and lower MACEs in diabetic patients. On the other hand, fibrates may confer a very modest decline in MACE incidence, while the CV impact of omega-3 fatty acids is promising but remains questionable. Bempedoic acid and inclisiran have a potential therapeutic role in the management of diabetic dyslipidemia, but this is still not adequately documented. Given the heightened CV risk among individuals with diabetes, more decisive results would be of great importance in the utility of all these drugs.
Clinical controversies in lipid management; Even though it is firmly established that statins are the cornerstone of management of dyslipidemias, several controversies still exist in this area. In the present review, the most pertinent controversies in lipid management are discussed and the current evidence is summarized. Treatment with statins increases the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) but this increase appears to be small and outweighed by the benefits of statins on cardiovascular disease prevention. Accordingly, statin treatment-associated T2DM should not affect management decisions. In patients who cannot achieve low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) targets despite treatment with the maximum tolerated dose of a potent statin, adding ezetimibe appears to be the treatment of choice. Finally, patients who achieved LDL-C targets with a statin but have elevated triglyceride levels appear to have increased cardiovascular risk and adding fenofibrate appears to reduce this risk. Even though additional large randomized controlled trials are unlikely to be performed with the existing lipid-lowering agents, mechanistic, genetic and epidemiological studies, as well as careful analyses of the existing trials will provide further insights in these controversial issues and will allow the optimization of the management of dyslipidemia aiming at further reductions in cardiovascular morbidity.
Dietary lipids impacts on healthy ageing; Healthy ageing is gaining attention in the lipid nutrition field. As in vivo biomarkers of healthy ageing, we have evaluated the survival, learning/memory performance, and physical potencies in rodents fed a diet supplemented with high-linoleic acid (LNA, omega 6) safflower oil or high-alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, omega 3) perilla oil for long periods. The results suggested that perilla oil with a low omega 6/omega 3 ratio is beneficial for healthy ageing. In order to address this issue further, we determined the survival of stroke-prone SHR (SHRSP) rats fed a conventional rodent diet supplemented with 10% fat or oil. Survival was longer with omega 3-rich oils compared with omega 6-rich oils. However, some kinds of vegetable oils and hydrogenated oils shortened the survival of SHRSP rats to an unusual degree (ca. 40% compared with that of omega 6-rich oil) that could not be accounted for by the fatty acid and phytosterol composition of the oils. The observed decrease in platelet counts was associated with pathological changes in the kidney and other organs. Dihydro-vitamin K1 is proposed as a likely candidate as a stroke-stimulating factor in hydrogenated oils. Thus, factors other than fatty acids (omega 6/omega 3 balance) and phytosterols must be taken into account when fats and oils are evaluated in relation to healthy ageing.
n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting; Background. Despite the robust evidence of the potential benefits of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation in patients with established coronary artery disease, the impact of this therapy on patients after coronary artery bypass grafting remains completely unknown.
Fatty acids: facts vs. fiction; During the last 100 years official dietary guidelines have recommended an increased consumption of fats derived from seeds while decreasing the consumption of traditional fats, especially saturated fats. These recommendations are being challenged by recent studies. Furthermore, the increased use of refining processes in fat production had deleterious health effects. Today, the number of high-quality studies on fatty acids is large enough to make useful recommendations on clinical application and everyday practice. Saturated fats have many beneficial functions and palmitic acid appears to be problematic only when it is synthesized due to excess fructose consumption. Trans fatty acids were shown to be harmful when they are manmade but beneficial when of natural origin. Conjugated linoleic acid has many benefits but the isomer mix that is available in supplement form differs from its natural origin and may better be avoided. The omega 3 fatty acid linolenic acid has rather limited use as an anti-inflammatory agent - a fact that is frequently overlooked. On the other hand, the targeted use of long chain omega 3 fatty acids based on blood analysis has great potential to supplement or even be an alternative to various pharmacological therapies. At the same time omega 6 fatty acids like linoleic acid and arachidonic acid have important physiological functions and should not be avoided but their consumption needs to be balanced with long chain omega 3 fatty acids. The quality and quantity of these fats together with appropriate antioxidative protection are critical for their positive health effects.
Add-on Ezetimibe Reduces Small Dense Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Levels Without Affecting Absorption of Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease: A Pilot Study; Residual risk of cardiovascular disease from increased small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL)-cholesterol levels and low n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels is a considerable therapeutic issue. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of ezetimibe as an add-on to statins and supplemental eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on sdLDL cholesterol and absorption of EPA in patients with coronary artery disease.
EFFECTS OF A FISH OIL SUPPLEMENT ON BLOOD-PRESSURE AND SERUM-LIPIDS IN PATIENTS TREATED FOR CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; OBJECTIVE:  The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of a concentrate of fish oil on blood pressure and serum lipids in patients treated for coronary artery disease.  DESIGN:  One hundred and twenty-five patients were randomly assigned to receive 15 g/day MaxEPA (4.5 g eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) or olive oil.  Blood pressure and serum lipids were measured at enrollment and six months thereafter.  MAIN RESULTS:  As an important proportion of antihypertensive or antianginal drug users stopped their usual medication during the trial, blood pressure increased in both groups.  The increase in systolic blood pressure was less in the fish oil group than in the control group (P = 0.002).  Serum triglyceride levels decreased markedly in the fish oil group while they remained constant in the control group (P = 0.0001).  Fish oil supplementation had no effect on total cholesterol and only marginal independent influence on high density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.  CONCLUSIONS:  In conclusion, fish oil supplementation has a beneficial effect on blood pressure and serum triglycerides in patients treated for coronary artery disease.
Amyloid β Peptide Induces Apoptosis Through P2X7 Cell Death Receptor in Retinal Cells: Modulation by Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acid DHA and EPA; Retinal Muller glial cells have already been implicated in age-related macular degeneration (AMD). AMD is characterized by accumulation of toxic amyloid-beta peptide (A beta); the question we raise is as follows: is P2X7 receptor, known to play an important role in several degenerative diseases, involved in A beta toxicity on Muller cells? Retinal Muller glial cells were incubated with A beta for 48 h. Cell viability was assessed using the alamarBlue assay and cytotoxicity using the lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release assay. P2X7 receptor expression was highlighted by immunolabeling observed on confocal microscopy and its activation was evaluated by YO-PRO-1 assay. Hoechst 33342 was used to evaluate chromatin condensation, and caspases 8 and 3 activation was assessed using AMC assays. Lipid formulation rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) used in Age-Related Eye Disease Study 2 was incubated on cells for 15 min prior to A beta incubation. For the first time, we showed that A beta induced caspase-independent apoptosis through P2X7 receptor activation on our retinal model. DHA and EPA are polyunsaturated fatty acids recommended in food supplement to prevent AMD. We therefore modulated A beta cytotoxicity using a lipid formulation rich in DHA and EPA to have a better understanding of the results observed in clinical studies. We showed that fish oil rich in EPA and DHA, in combination with a potent P2X7 receptor antagonist, represents an efficient modulator of A beta toxicity and that P2X7 could be an interesting therapeutic target to prevent AMD.
Fish consumption and myocardial infarction: a second prospective biomarker study from northern Sweden; Background: A beneficial role of fish consumption on the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) has been reported and is mostly ascribed to n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids. However, fish also contains methylmercury, which may increase the risk of MI.
What you eat is what you are - A role for polyunsaturated fatty acids in neuroinflammation induced depression?; As essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) influence both inflammatory and depressive disorders, nutrition related treatment methods deserve great research interest. However, currently biological mechanisms underlying the depression modulating effects of the PUFA Omega-3 (omega-3) and Omega-6 (omega-6) derived eicosanoids (central nervous system messengers) are not fully established. Depression related naturally occurring cell death (apoptosis) is thought to be mediated by excitotoxicity and free radicals that appear in the brain immediately following any inflammatory or ischemic damage, and increases the likelihood of clinically defined depression. This review explores the hypothesis that the interaction between omega-6 and omega-3 derived eicosanoids plays a central role in control over apoptosis linked with inflammation and inflammation-driven depression, via regulation of apoptosis inducing factors including excitotoxicity and free radicals. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Meta-Analysis; A meta-analysis was conducted to assess the effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation (n-3 PUFAs) in lowering liver fat, liver enzyme (alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels), and blood lipids (triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein (HDL), and low density lipoprotein (LDL)) in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) or nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Methods. MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, CINAHL, Science Citation Index (ISI Web of Science), Chinese Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) were searched for relevant randomized controlled trials on the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in patients with NAFLD from inception to May 2015. Ten studies were included in this meta-analysis. Results. 577 cases of NAFLD/NASH in ten randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. The results of the meta-analysis showed that benefit changes in liver fat favored PUFA treatment, and it was also beneficial for GGT, but it was not significant on ALT, AST, TC, and LDL. Conclusions. In this meta-analysis, omega-3 PUFAs improved liver fat, GGT, TG, and HDL in patients with NAFLD/NASH. Therefore, n-3 PUFAs may be a new treatment option for NAFLD.
The efficacy of bortezomib in human multiple myeloma cells is enhanced by combination with omega-3 fatty acids DHA and EPA: Timing is essential; Background & aims: Although bortezomib as one of the first line medicines that has greatly improved the overall survival of patients with multiple myeloma (MM), undesired drug resistance is frequently observed. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have been shown to be able to enhance the efficacy of chemotherapeutic drugs in many cancer types. The aim of the present study was to further evaluate the anticancer activity of DHA and EPA in relation to bortezomib chemosensitivity in human MM cells. The potential involvement of NF-kappa B signaling pathway was studied.
Peripheral Artery Disease Is Associated with a Deficiency of Erythrocyte Membrane n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Population-based data suggest that individuals who consume large dietary amounts of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have lower odds of peripheral artery disease (PAD); however, clinical studies examining n-3 PUFA levels in patients with PAD are sparse. The objective of this study is to compare erythrocyte membrane fatty acid (FA) content between patients with PAD and controls. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 179 vascular surgery outpatients (controls, 34; PAD, 145). A blood sample was drawn and the erythrocyte FA content was assayed using capillary gas chromatography. We calculated the ratio of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to the n-6 PUFA arachidonic acid (ARA) as well as the omega-3 index (O3I), a measure of erythrocyte content of the n-3 PUFA, EPA, and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), expressed as a percentage of total erythrocyte FA. Compared with controls, patients with PAD smoked more and were more likely to have hypertension and hyperlipidemia (p < 0.05). Patients with PAD had a lower mean O3I (5.0 +/- 1.7% vs 6.0 +/- 1.6%, p < 0.001) and EPA:ARA ratio (0.04 +/- 0.02 vs 0.05 +/- 0.05, p < 0.001), but greater mean total saturated fats (39.5 +/- 2.5% vs 38.5 +/- 2.6%, p = 0.01). After adjusting for several patient characteristics, comorbidities, and medications, an absolute decrease of 1% in the O3I was associated with 39% greater odds of PAD (odds ratio [OR] 1.39, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03-1.86, and p = 0.03). PAD was associated with a deficiency of erythrocyte n-3 PUFA, a lower EPA:ARA ratio, and greater mean total saturated fats. These alterations in FA content may be involved in the pathogenesis or development of poor outcomes in PAD.
The Effect of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Biomarkers of Inflammation: A Rapid Evidence Assessment of the Literature; Introduction: Previous studies of omega-3 fatty acids report improved outcomes where inflammation is a key factor. The objective of this systematic review is to evaluate effects of omega-3s on inflammatory biomarkers. Methods: Randomized clinical studies that measured the influence of omega-3 fatty acids on inflammatory biomarkers were identified using a comprehensive search. Eligible studies were rated with the American Dietetic Association Evidence Analysis Manual and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) process to examine study quality and risk/benefit. Results: 112 studies were included. Over 65% reported statistically significant effects. The majority were scored as low risk of bias (high quality) and scored strong (cardiac populations and critically ill) to weak (Alzheimer's Disease, hypertriglyceridemia/diabetes, and obesity) on the risk/benefit ratio evidence for modulation of inflammatory biomarkers. There was inadequate data to determine a GRADE for inflammatory biomarker studies for some conditions (healthy individuals, rheumatoid arthritis, metabolic syndrome, renal disease, pregnancy, or children). Conclusion: Clinical literature on the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on inflammatory biomarkers contains mostly small sample sizes, is neutral to high quality, and report mixed effects. Larger studies examining dose and delivery are needed.
Statin-Associated Rhabdomyolysis With Acute Renal Failure Complicated by Intradialytic NSTEMI: A Review of Lipid Management Considerations; Statins (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors) are associated with myopathy, myalgias, myositis, and rhabdomyolysis. Rhabdoymyolysis is a rare complication and may cause acute renal failure, which may be fatal. In such cases, alternative therapies should be considered. In this review, we attempted to elucidate the lipid management options in patients with rhabdomyolysis and coronary artery disease. We also describe a case report of a patient who developed rhabdomyolysis from dual antilipid therapy followed by acute renal failure and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction. Such a complex case has not been reported in the literature, and lipid management options may include niacin, omega 3-fatty acids, or bile acid sequestrants. Once alternative therapies are initiated, monitoring a patient closely with evaluation for associated adverse events should be performed.
Hypertriglyceridemic acute pancreatitis during pregnancy: Prevention with diet therapy and ω-3 fatty acids in the following pregnancy; Acute pancreatitis complicating pregnancy is rare and has previously been associated with high mortality rates. We report a case of repeated hypertriglyceridemia during pregnancy. During the patient's first pregnancy, acute pancreatitis was elicited in the third trimester by pregnancy-induced hypertriglyceridemia. The patient was treated successfully with a conservative treatment course. The hypertriglyceridemia recurred during her second pregnancy. She carried the pregnancy to term without incident while maintaining a diet low in fat diet and high in omega-3 fatty acids. Early diagnosis and intensive treatment can help to preserve the lives of the patient and the fetus. Prophylactic diet therapy and omega-3 fatty acids may prevent recurrent hypertriglyceridemia during pregnancy. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
<i>VIT</i>amin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) bone health ancillary study: clinical factors associated with trabecular bone score in women and men; aSummaryWe investigated the association of clinical variables with TBS at baseline in the bone health sub-cohort of the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL). Lower TBS was associated with female sex, aging, BMI25kg/m(2), SSRI use, high alcohol intake, and presence of diabetes; there was a trend towards significance between lower TBS and history of fragility fractures.IntroductionWe investigated whether TBS differs by sex, race, body mass index (BMI), and other clinical variables.MethodsThe VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is determining effects of vitamin D-3 and/or omega-3 fatty acid (FA) supplements in reducing risks of cancer and cardiovascular disease. In the VITAL: Effects on Bone Structure/Architecture ancillary study, effects of these interventions on bone will be investigated. Here, we examine the associations of clinical risk factors with TBS assessments at baseline in the bone health sub-cohort, comprised of 672 participants (369 men and 303 women), mean (SD) age 63.56.0years; BMI37kg/m(2), no bisphosphonates within 2years or other bone active medications within 1year.ResultsTBS was greater in men than women (1.311 vs. 1.278, P<0.001) and lower with elevated BMIs (P<0.001), higher age (P=0.004), diabetes (P=0.008), SSRI use (P=0.044), and high alcohol intake (P=0.009). There was a trend for history of fragility fractures (P=0.072), and lower TBS. TBS did not vary when analyzed by race, smoking, history of falls, and multivitamin or caffeine use.Conclusions Lower TBS was associated with female sex, aging, BMI25kg/m(2), SSRI use, alcohol use, and presence of diabetes; there was a trend between lower TBS and history of fragility fractures. TBS may be useful clinically to assess structural changes that may be associated with fractures among patients who are overweight or obese, those on SSRIs, or with diabetes. Ongoing follow-up studies will clarify the effects of supplemental vitamin D-3 and/or FA's on TBS and other bone health measures.Trial registrationNCT01747447
Effects of an Omega-3 and Vitamin D Supplement on Fatty Acids and Vitamin D Serum Levels in Double-Blinded, Randomized, Controlled Trials in Healthy and Crohn's Disease Populations; Two trials separately measured the bioavailability and impact on inflammation of a supplement taken daily containing 510 mg Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), 344 mg Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and 1000 IU of vitamin D (25-hydroxyvitamin D; 25(OH)D), for healthy and Crohn's disease (CD) populations. Both trials were double blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled with cross-over. Participants were randomly allocated to groups A (placebo then supplement) or B (supplement then placebo). Both included a washout. Fatty acid (N-3 PUFAs) and vitamin D serum levels, plasma C-reactive protein (CRP), and stool calprotectin were measured before and after each treatment period. Outcome measures were analyzed using generalized linear mixed models, including terms for treatment, period, and a treatment-by-period interaction. The supplement significantly increased serum levels in healthy and CD groups for EPA (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively), Docosapentaenoic acid (p < 0.001 and 0.005), DHA (p < 0.001 and 0.006), the omega-3 index (p < 0.001 and 0.001), and (vitamin D (p < 0.001 and 0.027). CRP and calprotectin measures showed no evidence of a treatment effect on inflammation; however, model estimation was imprecise for both outcomes, hence further research is required to elucidate potential inflammation effects. The nutrient supplement increased serum levels of key N-3 PUFAs and vitamin D in both populations, showing the preparation was readily bioavailable.
<i>n</i>-3 fatty acids plus oleic acid and vitamin supplemented milk consumption reduces total and LDL cholesterol, homocysteine and levels of endothelial adhesion molecules in healthy humans.; Background and aims: Numerous studies suggest n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) and oleic acid intake have beneficial effects on health including risk reduction of coronary heart disease. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of a commercially available skimmed milk supplemented with n- 3 PUFA, oleic acid, and vitamins E, B-6, and folic acid (Puleva Omega3((R))) on risk factors for cardiovascular disease. (CVD).
Supplementation of krill oil with high phospholipid content increases sum of EPA and DHA in erythrocytes compared with low phospholipid krill oil; Background: Bioavailability of krill oil has been suggested to be higher than fish oil as much of the EPA and DHA in krill oil are bound to phospholipids (PL). Hence, PL content in krill oil might play an important role in incorporation of n-3 PUFA into the RBC, conferring properties that render it effective in reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The objective of the present trial was to test the effect of different amounts of PL in krill oil on the bioavailability of EPA and DHA, assessed as the rate of increase of n-3 PUFA in plasma and RBC, in healthy volunteers.
Dietary intake of total marine <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid and docosapentaenoic acid and the risk of acute coronary syndrome - a cohort study; Dietary intake of marine n-3 PUFA has been negatively associated with the risk of CHD among subjects with known CHD, whereas an effect in healthy subjects is less documented. We assessed the hypothesis that dietary intake of marine n-3 PUFA is negatively associated with the risk of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in healthy subjects. In the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort study, 57 053 participants were enrolled. Dietary intake of total n-3 PUFA, including EPA, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and DHA, was assessed. During a mean follow-up period of 7.6 years, we identified all cases (n 1150) from this cohort with an incident ACS diagnosis in the Danish National Patient Registry or the Cause of Death Registry. Diagnoses were verified through medical record review. In Cox proportional hazard models, we adjusted for established risk factors for CHD. Men in the four highest quintiles of n-3 PUFA intake (> 0.39 g n-3 PUFA per d) had a lower incidence of ACS compared with men in the lowest quintile. The hazard ratio was 0.83 (95 % CI 0.67, 1.03) when we compared men in the second lowest and lowest quintile of n-3 PUFA intake. Higher intake of n-3 PUFA did not strengthen this association. Associations for EPA, DPA and DHA were all negative, but less consistent. No convincing associations were found among women. In conclusion, we found borderline significant negative associations between the intake of marine n-3 PUFA and ACS among healthy men.
Comparison of free serum oxylipin concentrations in hyper- vs. normolipidemic men; Oxylipins, the oxidation products of unsaturated fatty acids (FA), are potent endogenous mediators being involved in the regulation of various biological processes such as inflammation, pain and blood coagulation. Compared to oxylipins derived from arachidonic acid (AA) by cyclooxygenase action, i.e. prostanoides, only limited information is available about the endogenous levels of hydroxy-, epoxy- and dihydroxy-FA of linoleic acid (LA), AA, alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in humans. Particularly, it is unknown how metabolic disorders affect endogenous oxylipin levels in humans. Therefore, in the present study we compared the serum concentrations of 44 oxylipins in 20 normolipidemic with 20 hyperlipidemic (total cholesterol >200 mg/dl; LDL-C > 130 mg/dl; TG > 150 mg/dl) men (age 29-51 y). The serum concentration varied strongly among subjects. For most hydroxy-, epoxy- and dihydroxy-FA the concentrations were comparable to those in plasma reported in earlier studies. Despite the significant change in blood lipid levels the hyperlipidemic group showed only minor differences in oxylipin levels. The hyperlipidemic subjects had a slightly higher serum concentration of 8,9-DiHETrE, 5-HEPE, 10,11-DiHDPE, and a lower concentration of 12,13-DiHOME, 12-HETE, 9,10-DiHODE, and 12,13-DiHODE compared to normolipidemic subjects. Overall the hydroxy-, epoxy- and dihydroxy-FA levels were not changed suggesting that mild combined hyperlipidemia has no apparent effect on the concentration of circulating oxylipins. By contrast, serum levels of several hydroxy-, epoxy-, and dihydroxy-FA are dependent on the individual status of the parent FA. Particularly, a strong correlation between the EPA content in the erythrocyte membrane and the serum concentration of EPA derived oxylipins was observed. Given that the synthesis of EPA from other n-3 FA in humans is low; this suggests that oxylipin levels can be directly influenced by the diet. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
CDK1-cyclin B1 mediates the inhibition of proliferation induced by omega-3 fatty acids in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells; Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are thought to inhibit the development of breast cancer. We investigated the effects of docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids on the proliferation of MDA-MB-231 human mammary epithelial cells. Both docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids decreased cell growth with a higher efficiency for docosahexaenoic acid (87% at 100 mu M versus 74% for eicosapentaenoic acid). The effect on specific cell cycle phases was studied. G2/M duration was markedly increased by docosahexaenoic and by eicosapentaenoic acids (respectively by more than seven- and six-fold at 50 mu M) when cells were synchronized at the G1/S boundary and released in the cell cycle. In contrast, there was no alteration of G1 or S phases. The expression of cyclin A, cyclin B1 and cyclin-dependent kinase 1, the regulators required for the progression from, G2 to mitosis, were all decreased by these fatty acids (western blot). Since omega-3 fatty acids had no effect on the S phase, thus ruling out an involvement of cyclin A in their anti-proliferative effect, we examined whether the regulation of the cyclin-dependent kinase 1-cyclin B1 complex was altered. Upon omega-3 fatty acids treatment, cyclin B1 phosphorylation was inhibited and the expression of the cell division cycle 25C phosphatase, which dephosphorylates cyclin-dependent kinase 1, was decreased. We conclude that the anti-proliferative effect of omega-3 fatty acids occurs via the regulation of the cyclin-dependent kinase 1-cyclin B1 complex. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Purification of Stearidonic Acid from Modified Soybean Oil by Argentation Silica Gel Column Chromatography; The objective of this study was to purify stearidonic acid (SDA, 18:4 omega-3) from modified soybean oil containing a mixture of over 20 fatty acids (23% SDA). Interest in obtaining purified fractions of SDA arises from reported health benefits associated with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as cardiovascular disease prevention. In addition, SDA may also provide improved stability characteristics since its unsaturation index is less than longer PUFA, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20: 5 omega-3). First, a chemical ethanolysis of modified soybean oil was performed to transform the triacylglycerols into fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE). Then, the FAEE were fractionated and SDA-EE was purified by argentation silica gel (10% AgNO3) open column chromatography, which allows selectivity based on degree of unsaturation. Different FAEE sample loads and mobile phases were explored until the best purification of SDA-EE was achieved. The solvents used were hexane and hexane: acetone mixtures (99 and 95%). Under the optimal conditions, a fraction with high SDA-EE purity (96%) was obtained with 77% yield. Besides, it was possible to obtain another fraction enriched in alpha-linolenic acid-EE (37% purity and 68% yield) and gamma-linolenic acid-EE (22% purity and 61% yield). A scaled-up process resulted in 840 mg of final product composed of 97% SDA-EE with 71% yield.
Association of Total Flavonoid Intake with Hypo-HDL-Cholesterolemia among Korean Adults: Effect Modification by Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake; The aim of this study was to examine the independent association between flavonoid intake and hypo-high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterolemia and the potential modifying effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake on this association among Korean adults. This cross-sectional analysis used data from 10,326 subjects who participated in the 2013-2016 Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to assess the associations of flavonoid and PUFA intakes with hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia prevalence. Proanthocyanidins intake showed an inverse relationship with hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia only in men (Tertile (T) 3 vs. T1: odds ratio (OR) = 0.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.59-0.92, p-trend = 0.0330). Total flavonoid and PUFA intakes were not associated with hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia in both men and women. However, when stratified by PUFA intake, there was an inverse relationship between total flavonoid intake and hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia prevalence in men with a high n-3 PUFA intake (total flavonoid intakes T3 vs. T1: OR = 0.59, 95% CI = 0.42-0.82, p-trend = 0.0004) or a low n-6/n-3 PUFA intake ratio (T3 vs. T1: OR = 0.67, 95% CI = 0.48-0.93, p-trend = 0.0053), but not in those with a low n-3 PUFA intake (p-interaction = 0.0038) or a high n-6/n-3 PUFA intake ratio (p-interaction = 0.1772). In women, no association was found between total flavonoid intake and hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia, regardless of PUFA intake. These results imply that the intake of proanthocyanidins might have beneficial effects on the HDL-cholesterol level in Korean men. In addition, n-3 PUFA intake might modify the association of total flavonoid intake with the hypo-HDL-cholesterolemia among Korean men.
IMPACT OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS ON LIPOPROTEIN METABOLISM; The n-3 fish oils initially attracted the attention of the research community because of their protective actions against coronary artery disease. However, since then, research in this field has contributed to the basic understanding of several aspects of lipid and lipoprotein metabolism.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids normalize BDNF levels, reduce oxidative damage, and counteract learning disability after traumatic brain injury in rats; Omega-3 fatty acids (i.e., docosahexaenoic acid; DHA) regulate signal transduction and gene expression, and protect neurons from death. In this study we examined the capacity of dietary omega3 fatty acids supplementation to help the brain to cope with the effects of traumatic injury. Rats were fed a regular diet or an experimental diet supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids, for 4 weeks before a mild fluid percussion injury (FPI) was performed. FPI increased oxidative stress, and impaired learning ability in the Morris water maze. This type of lesion also reduced levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), synapsin I, and cAMP responsive element-binding protein (CREB). It is known that BDNF facilitates synaptic transmission and learning ability by modulating synapsin I and CREB. Supplementation of omega-3 fatty acids in the diet counteracted all of the studied effects of FPI, that is, normalized levels of BDNF and associated synapsin I and CREB, reduced oxidative damage, and counteracted learning disability. The reduction of oxidative stress indicates a benevolent effect of this diet on mechanisms that maintain neuronal function and plasticity. These results imply that omega-3 enriched dietary supplements can provide protection against reduced plasticity and impaired learning ability after traumatic brain injury.
Factors Associated with Long-Term Dietary Supplement Use among Korean Breast Cancer Survivors: A Cross-Sectional Study; Purpose: The factors associated with the dietary supplement (DS) use of Asian breast cancer survivors in consideration of the duration of use and types of DS have not been well established. Methods: We recruited 693 Korean female breast cancer survivors at two university-affiliated hospitals and collected study data through a self-administered questionnaire and a review of medical records. A multiple logistic regression analysis was conducted to evaluate the multivariable-adjusted association between DS use and study variables. Results: The prevalence of any (>= 2 weeks) and long-term (>= 6 months) DS use among study participants was 48.2% and 12.0%, respectively. Education level, alcohol use, adequate physical activity (>= 150 min/week), and time lapse after cancer diagnosis were positively associated with any DS use. Among DS users, as compared with short-term (>= 2 weeks and <6 months) users, long-term users were more likely to have a higher cancer stage, more diverse cancer treatment modalities, a shorter time since cancer diagnosis, and lower fear of cancer recurrence. When we repeated the analysis for each DS type, time lapse after cancer diagnosis showed a consistently inverse association with long-term use of the most frequently consumed DS (multivitamins, followed by vitamin D/calcium, vitamin C, and omega-3). The number of cancer treatment modalities was positively associated with the long-term use of multivitamins and vitamin D/calcium. Alcohol consumption and low bone mineral density were positively associated with long-term vitamin D/calcium use. Conclusions: The factors associated with DS use differed by the duration of DS use and specific DS type. Long-term DS use was more frequently associated with cancer-related factors.
Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Down-Modulate CXCR4 Expression and Function in MDA-MB-231 Breast Cancer Cells; Metastasis is the leading cause of death from breast cancer. A major factor of metastasis is the migration of cancerous cells to other tissues by way of up-regulated chemokine receptors, such as CXCR4, on the cell surface. Much is known of the beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) on cancer; however, the mechanisms behind these effects are unclear. For this study, we investigated the effects of two n-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, on CXCR4 expression and activity in the MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line. We compared the n-3 PUFAs with the saturated fatty acid stearic acid as a control. Treatment of the cells with n-3 PUFAs resulted in reduced surface expression of CXCR4, but had no effect on overall CXCR4 expression. Consequently, we found that the fatty acid treatment significantly reduced CXCR4-mediated cell migration. Successful CXCR4-mediated signaling and migration requires the cholesterol-rich membrane microdomains known as lipid rafts. Treatment with n-3 PUFAs disrupted the lipid raft domains in a manner similar to methyl-beta-cyclodextrin and resulted in a partial displacement of CXCR4, suggesting a possible mechanism behind the reduced CXCR4 activity. These results were not observed in cells treated with stearic acid. Together, our data suggest that n-3 PUFAs may have a preventative effect on breast cancer metastasis in vitro. This suggests a previously unreported potential benefit of n-3 PUFAs to patients with metastatic breast cancer. The data presented in this study may also translate to other disorders that involve up-regulated chemokine receptors. (Mol Cancer Res 2009;7(7):1013-20)
Early Insulin Treatment to Prevent Cardiovascular Disease in Prediabetes and Overt Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), and CVD represents the leading cause of death in people with type 2 DM. The cardiovascular risk is increased long before diabetes is diagnosed, in the prediabetes stage, when impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) develop. These stages are characterized by dysglycemia, defined as any elevated fasting or postprandial glycemia, extending from the normal range into diabetic range, associated with an increased risk of CVD. Due to metabolic memory demonstrated for type 2 DM as well, early interventions addressed to achieve and maintain glycemic control are required for long-term benefits in terms of both microvascular and macrovascular complications. The recommendation of early insulin therapy in type 2 DM is sustained by its pleiotropic effects, which may be cardioprotective and potentially anti-atherosclerotic. Insulin therapy in prediabetes and earlier in type 2 DM, could be a strategy in preventing cardiovascular disease and type 2 DM progression. To test this hypothesis, a large trial has been designed. Outcome Reduction with an Initial Glargine Intervention trial (ORIGIN) is an international, multicenter, randomized controlled, 2 x 2 factorial trial, investigating the possibility to prevent cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in people with type 2 DM, IGT, and/or IFG, and high cardiovascular risk by treating the normoglycemia with either insulin glargine or omega-3 fatty acid, compared to the standard intervention.
Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids Improve Brain Function and Structure in Older Adults; Higher intake of seafish or oil rich in long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-n3-FA) may be beneficial for the aging brain. We tested in a prospective interventional design whether high levels of supplementary LC-n3-FA would improve cognition, and addressed potential mechanisms underlying the effects. Sixty-five healthy subjects (50-75 years, 30 females) successfully completed 26 weeks of either fish oil (2.2 g/day LC-n3-FA) or placebo intake. Before and after the intervention period, cognitive performance, structural neuroimaging, vascular markers, and blood parameters were assayed. We found a significant increase in executive functions after LC-n3-FA compared with placebo (P = 0.023). In parallel, LC-n3-FA exerted beneficial effects on white matter microstructural integrity and gray matter volume in frontal, temporal, parietal, and limbic areas primarily of the left hemisphere, and on carotid intima media thickness and diastolic blood pressure. Improvements in executive functions correlated positively with changes in omega-3-index and peripheral brain-derived neurotrophic factor, and negatively with changes in peripheral fasting insulin. This double-blind randomized interventional study provides first-time evidence that LC-n3-FA exert positive effects on brain functions in healthy older adults, and elucidates underlying mechanisms. Our findings suggest novel strategies to maintain cognitive functions into old age.
Azacitidine Omega-3 Self-Assemblies: Synthesis, Characterization, and Potent Applications for Myelodysplastic Syndromes; 5-Azacitidine, a cytidine analogue used as a hypomethylating agent, is one of the main drugs for the treatment of myelodysplastic syndromes (MDSs) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in the elderly. However, after administration, it exhibits several limitations, including restricted diffusion and cellular internalization due to its hydrophilicity, and a rapid enzymatic degradation by adenosine deaminase. The aim of this study was to improve the drug cell diffusion and protect it from metabolic degradation via the synthesis of amphiphilic prodrugs and their potential self-assembly. Azacitidine was conjugated to two different omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The carboxylic acid group of the omega-3 fatty acids was effectively conjugated to the amine group of the azacitidine base, yielding two amphiphilic prodrugs. Nanoprecipitation of the obtained prodrugs was performed and self-assemblies were successfully obtained for both prodrugs, with a mean diameter of 190 nm, a polydispersity index below 0.2 and a positive zeta potential. The formation of self-assemblies was confirmed using pyrene as a fluorescent dye, and the critical aggregation concentrations were determined: 400 mu M for AzaEPA and 688 mu M for AzaDHA. Additionally, the stability of the obtained self-assemblies was studied and after 5 days their final stable arrangement was reached. Additionally, cryo-TEM revealed that the self-assemblies attain a multilamellar vesicle supramolecular structure. Moreover, the obtained self-assemblies presented promising cytotoxicity on a leukemia human cell line, having a low IC50 value, comparable to that of free azacitidine.
Advancing apoptosis induction in triple negative breast cancer: Empowering treatment with tyrosine-stapled mixed micelles of lapatinib; The available treatment modalities for triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) face several challenges, including discouraging overall survival outcomes, unavoidable toxicities, and the emergence of drug resistance. Further, there is an amplified requirement for various amino acids to support the uncontrolled proliferation of TNBC. Hence, targeted therapy for enhancing the treatment of TNBC was explored which encompassed hydrophobized (using alpha-linolenic acid) Pluronic-based mixed micelles having inherent L-type/Large neutral amino acid transporter 1 targeting (tyrosine-stapled) ability (LPT T-MM). LPT T-MM had optimal size (142.34 +/- 30.23 nm), polydispersity index (0.224 +/- 0.01), and enhanced drug loading capacity (-10 %). Transmission electron microscopy confirmed their spherical shape. In vitro release studies showed sustained drug release without hemolysis risk. LPT T-MM had higher cellular uptake and cytotoxicity than free LPT. IC50 values for LPT T-MM were significantly reduced in MDA-MB-231 (-1.64-fold) and 4 T1 (-1.88-fold) cell lines; apoptosis index was superior in MDA-MB-231 (-2.04-fold) and 4 T1 cell line (-2.09-fold) compared to free LPT. LPT T-MM generated more reactive oxygen species and caused mitochondrial membrane depolarization, indicating increased cell death by apoptosis. Thus, LPT T-MM had the ability to promote apoptosis, showed promise in enhancing the payload capabilities and targeting in TNBC.
Inhibitory potential of omega-3 fatty and fenugreek essential oil on key enzymes of carbohydrate-digestion and hypertension in diabetes rats; Background: diabetes is a serious health problem and a source of risk for numerous severe complications such as obesity and hypertension. Treatment of diabetes and its related diseases can be achieved by inhibiting key digestives enzymes-related to starch digestion secreted by pancreas.
Apolipoprotein E genotype, lifestyle and coronary artery disease: Gene-environment interaction analyses in the UK Biobank population; Background and aims: The APOE epsilon 4 genotype has a higher risk for developing coronary artery disease (CAD), but there is preliminary evidence that antioxidative lifestyle factors interact with APOE genotype on CAD risk. Here, we assessed the effect modification of physical activity, oily fish and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake with APOE genotype on risk of incident CAD. Methods: The present study comprised 345,659 white European participants from UK Biobank (mean age: 56.5 years, 45.7% men) without a history of CAD. Information regarding physical activity, oily fish intake and PUFA intake was collected through questionnaires, and information on incident CAD through linkage with hospital admission records. Analyses were performed using Cox proportional hazard models adjusted for age and sex. Results: Higher physical activity level and oily fish intake were both associated with a lower incidence of CAD. However, these associations were similar across the different APOE genotypes (p-values for interaction > 0.05). Most notable, higher PUFA intake was associated with a lower CAD risk in APOE epsilon 4 genotype carriers (hazard ratio: 0.76, 95% confidence interval: 0.63-0.92), and not in APOE epsilon 3/epsilon 3 genotype carriers (0.90; 0.79, 1.02), but without statistical evidence for effect modification (p-valueinteraction = 0.137). Conclusions: While higher physical activity and high fish and PUFA intake were associated with a lower risk of incident CAD, no evidence for interaction of these lifestyle factors with APOE genotype was observed in UK Biobank participants. Interventions intended to reduce cardiovascular risk might therefore be similarly effective across the APOE genotype carriers.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis pathway determines ferroptosis sensitivity in gastric cancer; Ferroptosis is an iron-dependent regulated necrosis mediated by lipid peroxidation. Cancer cells survive under metabolic stress conditions by altering lipid metabolism, which may alter their sensitivity to ferroptosis. However, the association between lipid metabolism and ferroptosis is not completely understood. In this study, we found that the expression of elongation of very long-chain fatty acid protein 5 (ELOVL5) and fatty acid desaturase 1 (FADS1) is up-regulated in mesenchymal-type gastric cancer cells (GCs), leading to ferroptosis sensitization. In contrast, these enzymes are silenced by DNA methylation in intestinal-type GCs, rendering cells resistant to ferroptosis. Lipid profiling and isotope tracing analyses revealed that intestinal-type GCs are unable to generate arachidonic acid (AA) and adrenic acid (AdA) from linoleic acid. AA supplementation of intestinal-type GCs restores their sensitivity to ferroptosis. Based on these data, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) biosynthesis pathway plays an essential role in ferroptosis; thus, this pathway potentially represents a marker for predicting the efficacy of ferroptosis-mediated cancer therapy.
The Effects of OMEGA-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation Upon Interleukin-12 and Interleukin-18 in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients; Objective(s): Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of mortality in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients. Interventions targeting traditional risk factors have largely proven ineffective in CKD patients in part because of the increased role of nontraditional risk factors such as chronic inflammation. Omega-3 fatty acids (omega 3FA) are inexpensive and safe natural agents, which target inflammation and have potential cardioprotective benefits. The aim of the study was to determine the effects of omega 3FA supplementation upon serum interleukin (IL)-12, IL-18, and highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) in patients with Stage 3-4 CKD.
Dietary intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and coronary events in Norwegian patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Consumption of fish and n-3 (omega-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) has been associated with reduced risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) mortality.
Short Communication: Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Triglycerides and High-Density Lipoprotein Subprofiles in HIV-Infected Persons with Hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (HDL-C) may contribute to a presumed accelerated risk for cardiovascular disease in HIV-infected individuals. We evaluated the effect of omega-3 fatty acid treatment on triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-C, HDL-C, and HDL subpopulations. Forty-one HIV-seropositive subjects with hypertriglyceridemia (150mg/dl) on active antiretroviral therapy were enrolled in this placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized, crossover trial comparing the effects of omega-3 fatty acid treatment (1.9 g EPA and 1.5 g DHA) on triglycerides, LDL-C, HDL-C, and HDL subpopulations. An independent sample t-test was used to assess the study start to posttreatment change for all components. After omega-3 fatty acid treatment, triglyceride levels decreased 63.2 +/- 86.9 mg/dl (p < 0.001). No significant changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, or HDL-C were found. Within HDL subpopulations, significant changes were seen in the most ather-oprotective HDL particles, alpha-1, which increased by 2.5 +/- 5.6mg/dl (p < 0.05), and pre alpha-1, which increased by 0.6 +/- 1.0mg/dl (p < 0.001). Pre alpha-3, a presumably atherogenic HDL particle, decreased by 0.5 +/- 0.9mg/dl (p < 0.01). Omega-3 fatty acid treatment significantly lowered triglyceride levels in HIV-positive patients with moderate hypertriglyceridemia. While no study-wide improvements in LDL-C or HDL-C were detected, the HDL subpopulation profile changed in a beneficial way suggesting more cardioprotection after treatment.
Vitamin D Supplements and Prevention of Cancer and Cardiovascular Disease; BACKGROUND
Garlic Supplementation Modified Enzymatic Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Oxidation in Mild Hypercholesterolemia; Dietary garlic has been shown to alleviate hypercholesterolemia, a condition associated with the development of cardiovascular disease. Reactive oxygen species take part in the disease progression, but it is unknown if antioxidant rich garlic arrests lipid and cholesterol oxidation in hypercholesterolemia. This study provides fermented garlic or non-fermented garlic to mild hypercholesterolemia (total cholesterol: 5.2-6.2mmolL(-1)) and determines its ability to relieve in vivo oxidative stress by measuring multiple oxidized lipid products of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) and cholesterol oxidation products (COPs) in plasma. Plasma fatty acids levels are also analyzed. After 13 weeks supplementation, both groups show a significant increase in alpha-linolenic acid level (p<0.05). Levels of arachidic acid increase and palmitoleic acid decreases in the group supplemented with non-fermented garlic. Of the oxidized PUFA products, notably those derived from enzymatic oxidation of arachidonic acid, namely hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid (HETE), show a significant difference. Levels of lipoxygenase mediate 5-HETE and 12-HETE, and CYP-P450 mediates 9-HETE and 11-HETE decreases after non-fermented garlic supplementation only (p<0.05). Non-enzymatic PUFA oxidation and COPs are not altered by garlic supplementation. Overall, only non-fermented garlic intake shows selective antioxidant properties in mild hypercholesterolemia where limited effect is found in reducing lipid oxidation.Practical Applications: Current research provides a new insight for the use of garlic extract as a nutraceutical to reduce in vivo oxidative stress. The modified enzymatic oxidation of arachidonic acid in mild hypercholesterolemia after non-fermented garlic extract intake potentially preventes the progression of chronic inflammation that can lead to complicated pathologies such as arthritis, cardiovascular diseases, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Garlic is a claimed functional food. The fermented form is proposed to have stronger antioxidant properties. Analysis of mild hypercholesterolemia plasma before and after fermented or non-fermented garlic extract intake for 13 weeks revealed augmented alpha-linolenic acid. Garlic appeared to be selective in the antioxidant property. Pro-inflammatory lipid mediators (5-, 9-, 11-, and 12-HETE) released via enzymatic polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) oxidation reduced after non-fermented garlic extract intake only. However, intake of both garlic types did not reduce non-enzymatic PUFA oxidation status.
The metabolic syndrome, omega-3 fatty acids and inflammatory processes in relation to schizophrenia; Although schizophrenia is normally regarded as a brain disease, there is clear evidence that schizophrenia is strongly associated with a variety of physical conditions. These include an increased rate of the metabolic syndrome and its physical complications including diabetes and coronary heart disease, and a reduced rate of rheumatoid arthritis. It is argued that these associations may point to a commonality of some aetiological factors. Evidence implicating omega-3 fatty acids in all of these disorders is presented. The associations may derive either from genetic or from environmental factors, including nutrition. Further investigation of these associations may give important clues regarding the aetiology of schizophrenia. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maximal exercise and erythrocyte fatty-acid status: a <i>lipidomics</i> study; Omega-3 fatty acids have long been ascribed a positive cardiovascular function. However, the plasma measurements invariably ignore 40% of the blood specimen, cells that engage in continuous exchange with their environment. In our study, we included all components of the circulating blood. Erythrocyte or red-blood-cell (RBC) n = 3 fatty acid status has been linked to cardiovascular disease and death. A low omega-3 index is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease and mortality. We tested the hypothesis that acute, maximal exercise would influence the relationship between RBC and serum fatty acids. RBC fatty acids profiling was achieved using targeted HPLC-MS mass spectrometry. Healthy volunteers performed maximal treadmill exercise testing using the modified Bruce protocol. Central hemodynamics were monitored and maximal workload was assessed in metabolic equivalents (METs). Venous blood was obtained for RBC lipidomics. With the incremental exercise test, no fatty acid-level variations were found in RBCs, while heart rate and arterial blood pressure increased significantly. No changes occurred in the omega-3 quotient, namely the percentage of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in RBC fatty acids in the RBC membrane. Nonetheless, maximal (13.50 = 1.97 METs) exercise intensity led to a decrease of RBC lauric acid (C12: 0) in the recovery period. These data suggest that despite significant hemodynamic effects, short-term maximal exercise is insufficient to alter RBC n = 3 and other fatty-acid status, including the omega-3 quotient, in healthy individuals. RBC lauric acid deserves further scrutiny as a potential regulator of cardiovascular and metabolic functions.
n-3 Fatty acids consumed from fish and risk of atrial fibrillation or flutter: the Danish Diet, Cancer, and Health Study; Background: Experimental studies have shown that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish may have antiarrhythmic properties.
N-3 fatty acid supplementation mediates lipid profile, including small dense LDL, when combined with statins: a randomized double blind placebo controlled trial; Background: Epidemiological and clinical evidence suggests that high-dose intake of omega 3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) have a favorable role in altering serum triglycerides (TG) and non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) when combined with statins in hyperlipidemic patients. Their efficacy in altering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) particle size is yet to be established.
EVIDENCE FOR MECHANISMS OF THE HYPOTRIGLYCERIDEMIC EFFECT OF N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS; Ingestion of modest amounts of n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (2.8% w/w) decreased plasma triglyceride levels in Syrian hamsters by 49%. This was associated with a 45% increase in hepatic carnitine palmitoyl transferase activity. Significantly, at this low level of n - 3 PUFA intake, hepatic peroxisomal oxidation measured as CN- insensitive palmitoyl-CoA dependent NAD reduction was unaffected. Consumption of increasing amounts of dietary n - 3 PUFA up to 2% (w/w) in hamster diets containing 15% fat, gradually decreased plasma triglycerides to 56% of the control levels. The diet induced changes in plasma triglyceride levels were highly correlated (r = -0.97, P < 0.01)-with changes in hepatic carnitine palmitoyl transferase activity. A gradual decrease up to 59% in hepatic phosphatidate phosphohydrolase activity with n - 3 fatty acid consumption was also observed. The hypotriglyceridemic effects of moderate intakes of n - 3 fatty acids are, therefore, associated with changes in key enzymes in hepatic triglyceride synthesis and mitochondrial oxidation, but not peroxisomal oxidation.
Association of atherosclerosis-related markers and its relationship to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids levels with a prevalence of coronary artery disease in an urban area in Japan; Higher intakes of fish and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFAs: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) are associated with a reduced risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). We investigated the relationships between fish-derived n-3PUFAs and prevalence of CAD, and to assess the association of n-3PUFAs with atherosclerosis-related markers in an urban area. This study was designed as a hospital-based cross-sectional study on 649 consecutive outpatients who had undergone regular examinations between April 2009 and October 2009. After adjustments for the coronary risk factors in a multilogistic regression analysis of variables for which a significant difference was identified between the group of patients with a prevalence of CAD and the group with no prevalence of CAD, the multivariable odds ratio (95 % confidence interval) was 0.394 (0.205/0.760; P = 0.005) for the highest (92.4-373.5 mu g/ml) versus lowest (6.2-40.0 mu g/ml) quartile of serum EPA values and 0.433 (0.228/0.824; P = 0.011) for the highest (160.7-451.8 mu g/ml) versus lowest (35.7-100.7 mu g/ml) quartile of serum DHA values. Multivariate regression analyses after adjustment for risk factors showed that higher serum EPA and DHA levels were independent variables of a higher level of serum apolipoprotein A-1, a major compound of high-density lipoprotein. However, the results suggested that there might be conflicting effects of EPA and DHA in regard of the serum levels of other lipid markers. This cross-sectional study suggests that higher serum levels of n-3PUFAs were associated with a lower prevalence of CAD and an increase in serum apolipoprotein A-1 level, even in an urban area.
Dietary flaxseed oil improved western-type diet-induced atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein-E knockout mice; Flaxseed oil is a rich source of n-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid which has been identified as having significant cardioprotective effects. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of partial replacement of lard with flaxseed oil on atherosclerosis and investigate the underlying mechanisms. Apolipoprotein-E knockout mice were given a normal chow diet, a lard based western-type high-fat diet (WTD), or a WTD with partial replacement of lard with 10% flaxseed oil (w/w) for 16 weeks, respectively. Results demonstrated that partial replacing of lard with flaxseed oil significantly ameliorated atherosclerosis, as well as improved lipid abnormalities, oxidative stress, and inflammation. These data were associated with modification effects on expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism (SREBP-2, HMGCR, SREBP-1c, and ACC), oxidative stress (NADPH oxidase), and inflammation (TNF-alpha, IL-6, MCP-1, and VCAM-1). Our data providing evidence that flaxseed oil could be a promising functional food in cardiovascular health promotion.
An Omega-3 Fatty Acid-Enriched Diet Prevents Skeletal Muscle Lesions in a Hamster Model of Dystrophy; Currently, despite well-known mutational causes, a universal treatment for neuromuscular disorders is still lacking, and current therapeutic efforts are mainly restricted to symptomatic treatments. In the present study, delta-sarcoglycan-null dystrophic hamsters were fed a diet enriched in flaxseed-derived omega 3 alpha-linolenic fatty acid from weaning until death. alpha-linolenic fatty acid precluded the dystrophic degeneration of muscle morphology and function. In fact, in dystrophic animals fed flaxseed-derived alpha-linolenic fatty acid, the histological appearance of the muscular tissue was improved, the proliferation of interstitial cells was decreased, and the myogenic differentiation originated new myocytes to repair the injured muscle. In addition, muscle myofibers were larger and cell membrane integrity was preserved, as witnessed by the correct localization of alpha-, beta-, and gamma-sarcoglycans and alpha-dystroglycan. Furthermore, the cytoplasmic accumulation of both beta-catenin and caveolin-3 was abolished in dystrophic hamster muscle fed alpha-linolenic fatty acid versus control animals fed standard diet, while alpha-myosin heavy chain was expressed at nearly physiological levels. These findings, obtained by dietary intervention only, introduce a novel concept that provides evidence that the modulation of the plasmalemma lipid profile could represent an efficacious strategy to ameliorate human muscular dystrophy. (Am J Pathol 2010, 1 77:2176-2184; DOI: 10.2353/ajpath.2010.100174)
The effect of omega-3 fatty acids on a biomarker of head trauma in NCAA football athletes: a multi-site, non-randomized study; Background American-style football (ASF) athletes are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and exhibit elevated levels of serum neurofilament light (Nf-L), a biomarker of axonal injury that is associated with repetitive head impact exposure over the course of a season of competition. Supplementation with the w-3 fatty acid (FA) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) attenuates serum Nf-L elevations and improves aspects of CVD, such as the omega-3 index (O3I). However, the effect of combining the w-3 FA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) with DHA on, specifically, serum Nf-L in ASF athletes is unknown. Therefore, this study assessed the effect of supplemental w-3 FA (EPA+DPA+DHA) on serum Nf-L, plasma w-3 FAs, the O3I, and surrogate markers of inflammation over the course of a season.
Validity and reliability of a quantitative food frequency questionnaire measuring n-3 fatty acid intake's in cardiac patients in the Midwest: A validation pilot study; The purpose of this pilot study was to test the validity and reliability of a quantitative n-3 fatty acid food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for later use with larger groups of individuals. A convenience sample of heart patients provided dietary data via three 24-hour food recalls and FFQs. Participants were women (n=17) and men (n=11), 43 to 77 years of age. The association of mean daily intake of n-3 fatty acids obtained using food recalls and the FFQ was assessed by Pearson correlation. The reliability of the FFQ was assessed using coefficient a. Correlation of n-3 fatty acid intake using the food recalls and the FFQ was r=0.42 (P<0.05). The coefficient a for the test-retest of the FFQ was .83. The top two foods, walnuts and flaxseed, contributed 58% of the n-3 fatty acid intake, and the third food, salmon, contributed 5%. This quantitative n-3 FFQ is a valid instrument for use in place of food recalls for estimating n-3 fatty acid intakes in heart patients and is a reliable instrument to estimate n-3 fatty acid intakes from plant, animal, and seafood sources. The FFQ should be tested in a larger population. Registered dietitians can use this FFQ to screen for intakes, educate patients on food sources, and measure change in intakes after nutrition intervention.
Docosanoids and elovanoids from omega-3 fatty acids are pro-homeostatic modulators of inflammatory responses, cell damage and neuroprotection; The functional significance of the selective enrichment of the omega-3 essential fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22C and 6 double bonds) in cellular membrane phospholipids of the nervous system is being clarified by defining its specific roles on membrane protein function and by the uncovering of the bioactive mediators, docosanoids and elovanoids (ELVs). Here, we describe the preferential uptake and DHA metabolism in photoreceptors and brain as well as the significance of the Adiponectin receptor 1 in DHA retention and photoreceptor cell (PRC) survival. We now know that this integral membrane protein is engaged in DHA retention as a necessary event for the function of PRCs and retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells. We present an overview of how a) NPD1 selectively mediates preconditioning rescue of RPE and PR cells; b) NPD1 restores aberrant neuronal networks in experimental epileptogenesis; c) the decreased ability to biosynthesize NPD1 in memory hippocampal areas of early stages of Alzheimer's disease takes place; d) NPD1 protection of dopaminergic circuits in an in vitro model using neurotoxins; and e) bioactivity elicited by DHA and NPD1 activate a neuroprotective gene-expression program that includes the expression of Bcl-2 family members affected by A beta 42, DHA, or NPD1. In addition, we highlight ELOVL4 (ELOngation of Very Long chain fatty acids-4), specifically the neurological and ophthalmological consequences of its mutations, and their role in providing precursors for the biosynthesis of ELVs. Then we outline evidence of ELVs ability to protect RPE cells, which sustain PRC integrity. In the last section, we present a summary of the protective bioactivity of docosanoids and ELVs in experimental ischemic stroke. The identification of early mechanisms of neural cell survival mediated by DHA-synthesized ELVs and docosanoids contributes to the understanding of cell function, pro-homeostatic cellular modulation, inflammatory responses, and innate immunity, opening avenues for prevention and therapeutic applications in neurotrauma, stroke and neurodegenerative diseases.
Epoxides Derived from Dietary Dihomo-Gamma-Linolenic Acid Induce Germ Cell Death in <i>C</i>. <i>elegans</i>; Dietary fats are not created equally, slight differences in structure lead to crucial differences in function. Muticellular organisms use polyunsaturated fatty acid as substrates to produce potent signaling molecules crucial for many physiological processes, including reproduction. Here we explored the mechanism responsible for germ cell loss induced by dietary supplementation of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA, 20:3n-6) in the roundworm Caenorhabditis elegans. In this study we found that C. elegans CYP-33E2 activity produces a range of epoxy and hydroxy metabolites from dietary DGLA. Knockdown of cyp-33E2 suppressed the DGLA-induced sterility phenotype. Additionally, direct exposure of two specific DGLA-derived epoxy products, 8,9- and 14,15-epoxyeicosadienoic acids, produced germ cell abnormalities in the C. elegans gonad. We propose that sterility is mediated by the production of toxic DGLA-derived epoxides that trigger germ cell destruction. These studies are the first to establish a biological activity for a CYP-produced metabolite of DGLA.
The protective effect of polyunsaturated fatty acid intake during pregnancy against embryotoxicity of sodium valproate in mice; Sodium valproate (VPA) is an anti-epileptic drug, but has a strong embryotoxicity due to its induced disturbance of folate-homocysteine (Hcy) metabolism and fatty acid metabolism. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake during pregnancy can relieve the embryotoxicity of VPA. VPA (dose: 500 mg kg-1, concentration: 38.5 mg ml-1) was intraperitoneally injected into pregnant mice on day 8.5 of gestation (E8.5d). PUFA intake significantly decreased fetal mortality and NTD incidence induced by VPA: n-3 long chain PUFAs (n-3 LCPUFAs) in fish oil had the best decreasing effect, followed by C18: 3n-3 in flaxseed oil and then C18: 2n-6 in corn oil. VPA administration inhibited the mRNA and protein expressions of a series of enzymes involved in folate-Hcy metabolism in the liver of pregnant mice; however, it led to the mRNA and protein overexpression of these enzymes in embryos. An elevated Hcy level in embryos was observed 6 h after VPA injection. n-3 PUFA intake effectively relieved this disturbance of folate-Hcy metabolism in pregnant mice and embryos, and this relieving effect of n-3 LCPUFAs and C18: 3n-3 is better than that of C18: 2n-6. In addition, n-3 PUFA intake also relieved the growth retardation induced by VPA. In conclusion, PUFA intake during pregnancy can effectively decrease embryotoxicity of VPA by relieving VPA-induced disturbance of folate-Hcy metabolism in pregnant mice and embryos, and n-3 LCPUFA in fish oil had the optimal protection effect.
Vertebrae of Developing Fat-1 Mice Have Greater Strength and Lower N-6/N-3 Fatty Acid Ratio; Incorporation of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) into bone may optimize bone development. The study objective was to use the fat-1 mouse, a transgenic model that synthesizes n-3 PUFA from n-6 PUFA, to determine if bone mineral density (BMD) and biomechanical bone strength were favourably modulated by lowering the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in vertebrae. Male and female wild-type and fat-1 mice were fed an AIN93-G diet containing 10% safflower oil from weaning through 12 weeks of age. Vertebrae BMD was determined by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry and peak load, a surrogate measure of fracture risk, was measured by a materials testing system. Vertebrae fatty acid composition was measured by gas liquid chromatography. At 12 weeks of age, vertebrae peak load was higher in fat-1 mice compared to wild-type (P = 0.026). Fat-1 mice also had lower n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in vertebrae than wild-type (P < 0.001) and this ratio was negatively correlated with BMD and peak load (P = 0.005). Moreover, n-3 PUFA including a-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid were positively correlated (P < 0.05) with BMD and peak load. Therefore, a lower vertebrae n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio is associated with stronger vertebrae and suggests a positive role for n-3 PUFA in bone development. Exp Biol Med 234:632-638, 2009
Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) from highly concentrated <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid ethyl esters is incorporated into advanced atherosclerotic plaques and higher plaque EPA is associated with decreased plaque inflammation and increased stability; Objective : To examine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) incorporation into atherosclerotic plaques and the association with plaque inflammation and stability.
Circulating Fatty Acids and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease and Stroke: Individual Participant Data Meta-Analysis in Up to 16 126 Participants; Background We aimed at investigating the association of circulating fatty acids with coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke risk.
Ferroptosis-Like Death in Microorganisms: A Novel Programmed Cell Death Following Lipid Peroxidation; Ferroptosis is a new kind of programmed cell death of which occurrence in microorganisms is not clearly verified. The elevated level of reactive oxygen species (ROS) influences cellular metabolisms through highly reactive hydroxyl radical formation under the iron-dependent Fenton reaction. Iron contributes to ROS production and acts as a cofactor for lipoxygenase to catalyze poly unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) oxidation, exerting oxidative damage in cells. While ferroptosis is known to take place only in mammalian cells, recent studies discovered the possible ferroptosis-like death in few specific microorganisms. Capacity of integrating PUFA into intracellular membrane phospholipid has been considered as a key factor in bacterial or fungal ferroptosis-like death. Vibrio species in bacteria and Saccharomyces cerevisiae in fungi exhibited certain characteristics. Therefore, this review focus on introducing the occurrence of ferroptosis-like death in microorganisms and investigating the mode of action underlying the cells based on contribution of lipid peroxidation and iron-dependent reaction.
Intake of Baked Cod Fillet Resulted in Lower Serum Cholesterol and Higher Long Chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA Concentrations in Serum and Tissues in Hypercholesterolemic Obese Zucker fa/fa Rats; Increasing evidence indicates that lean fish consumption may benefit cardiovascular health. High cholesterol and low n-3 PUFA concentrations in serum are associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease; therefore, it is of interest to investigate effects of cod intake on cholesterol and n-3 PUFAs in serum and tissues. Hypercholesterolemic obese Zucker fa/fa rats were fed diets containing 25% protein from baked cod fillet and 75% protein from casein (Baked Cod Diet), or casein as the sole protein source (Control Diet) for four weeks. Consuming Baked Cod Diet resulted in lower serum cholesterol and lower hepatic mRNA concentrations of HMG-CoA reductase and sterol O-acyltransferase-2 without affecting serum bile acid concentration, faecal excretion of cholesterol and bile acid, and hepatic concentrations of bile acids, cholesterol and cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase mRNA when compared to Control Diet. Rats fed Baked Cod Diet had higher concentrations of n-3 PUFAs in serum, liver, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. To conclude, baked cod fillet intake resulted in lower serum cholesterol, which was probably caused by lower endogenous cholesterol synthesis, and higher n-3 PUFA in serum and tissues in obese Zucker fa/fa rats. These findings support the evidence that lean fish consumption might benefit cardiovascular health.
ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Improve the Blood-Brain-Barrier Integrity in Contrast-Induced Blood-Brain-Barrier Injury in Uremic Mice; In patients with chronic kidney disease, the need for examinations using contrast media (CM) increases because of underlying diseases. Although contrast agents can affect brain cells, the blood-brain barrier (BBB) protects against brain-cell damage in vivo. However, uremia can disrupt the BBB, increasing the possibility of contrast-agent-induced brain-cell damage in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). ?-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have shown protective effects on various neurological disorders, including uremic brain injury. This study examined whether ?-3 PUFAs attenuate damage to the BBB caused by uremia and contrast agents in a uremic mouse model and evaluated its associated mechanisms. C57BL/6 mice (eight weeks old, male) and fat-1 mice (b6 background/eight weeks old, male) were divided into groups according to uremic induction, CM, and ?-3 PUFA administration. Uremia was induced via 24 h ischemia-reperfusion (IR) renal injury. One day after CM treatment, the brain tissue, kidney tissue, and blood were collected. The expression levels of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), claudin 5, CD31, laminin a4, and laminin a5 increased in ?-3 PUFA + CM-treated uremic mice and the brain of fat-1 + CM-treated uremic mice compared with those in the brains of CM-treated uremic mice. The pro-apoptotic protein expression decreased, whereas the anti-apoptotic proteins increased in ?-3 PUFA + CM-treated uremic mice and fat-1 + CM-treated uremic mice compared with CM-treated uremic mice. In addition, the brain-expression levels of p-JNK, p-P53, and p-P38 decreased in the ?-3 PUFA + CM-treated uremic mice and fat-1 + CM-treated uremic mice compared with those in wild-type uremic mice. Our results confirm that uremic toxin and CM damage the BBB and cause brain-cell death. ?-3 PUFAs play a role in BBB protection caused by CM in uremic mice.
Models predict change in plasma triglyceride concentrations and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid proportions in healthy participants after fish oil intervention; IntroductionSubstantial response heterogeneity is commonly seen in dietary intervention trials. In larger datasets, this variability can be exploited to identify predictors, for example genetic and/or phenotypic baseline characteristics, associated with response in an outcome of interest. ObjectiveUsing data from a placebo-controlled crossover study (the FINGEN study), supplementing with two doses of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFAs), the primary goal of this analysis was to develop models to predict change in concentrations of plasma triglycerides (TG), and in the plasma phosphatidylcholine (PC) LC n-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), after fish oil (FO) supplementation. A secondary goal was to establish if clustering of data prior to FO supplementation would lead to identification of groups of participants who responded differentially. MethodsTo generate models for the outcomes of interest, variable selection methods (forward and backward stepwise selection, LASSO and the Boruta algorithm) were applied to identify suitable predictors. The final model was chosen based on the lowest validation set root mean squared error (RMSE) after applying each method across multiple imputed datasets. Unsupervised clustering of data prior to FO supplementation was implemented using k-medoids and hierarchical clustering, with cluster membership compared with changes in plasma TG and plasma PC EPA + DHA. ResultsModels for predicting response showed a greater TG-lowering after 1.8 g/day EPA + DHA with lower pre-intervention levels of plasma insulin, LDL cholesterol, C20:3n-6 and saturated fat consumption, but higher pre-intervention levels of plasma TG, and serum IL-10 and VCAM-1. Models also showed greater increases in plasma PC EPA + DHA with age and female sex. There were no statistically significant differences in PC EPA + DHA and TG responses between baseline clusters. ConclusionOur models established new predictors of response in TG (plasma insulin, LDL cholesterol, C20:3n-6, saturated fat consumption, TG, IL-10 and VCAM-1) and in PC EPA + DHA (age and sex) upon intervention with fish oil. We demonstrate how application of statistical methods can provide new insights for precision nutrition, by predicting participants who are most likely to respond beneficially to nutritional interventions.
Resolvin D2 protects against cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury in rats; Cerebral ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury is a critical factor leading to a poor prognosis for ischemic stroke patients omega-3 fatty acid supplements taken as part of a daily diet have been shown to improve the prognosis of patients with ischemic stroke. In this study, we aimed to investigate the potential effects of resolvin D2 (RvD2), a derivative of omega-3 fatty acids, and its possible advantage on cerebral I/R injury in rats. Cerebral I/R caused by middle cerebral artery occlusion and reperfusion (MCAO/R) was established in Sprague-Dawley rats. First, in rats fed a regular diet, the MCAO/R stimulus led to a significant decrease in endogenous production of RvD2. Exogenous supply of RvD2 via intraperitoneal injection reversed MCAO/R-induced brain injury, including infarction, inflammatory response, brain edema, and neurological dysfunction. Meanwhile, RvD2 reversed the MCAO/R-induced decrease in the protein level of GPR18, which has been identified as a receptor for RvD2, especially in neurons and brain microvascular endothelial cells (BMVECs). Furthermore, RvD2 exerted rescue effects on MCAO/R-induced neuron and BMVEC death. Moreover, GPR18 antagonist O-1918 could block the rescue effects of RvD2, possibly at least partially though the GPR18-ERK1/2-NOS signaling pathway. Finally, compared with omega-3 fatty acid supplements, RvD2 treatment had a better rescue effect on cerebral infarction, which may be due to the MCAO/R-induced decrease in 5-lipoxygense phosphorylation and subsequent RvD2 generation. In conclusion, compared with omega-3 fatty acids, RvD2 may be an optimal alternative and complementary treatment for ischemic stroke patients with recanalization treatment.
Effects of soybean oil on plasma lipoproteins and cardiovascular risk in men and women; Apart from the phytosterols and the other components of the bean (proteins, isoflavones) soybean oil presents several characteristics that give it a preventing effect on cardiovascular risk and coronary heart disease. With 61% of polyunsaturated fatty acids and only 15% of saturated fatty acids, without transfatty acids, soybean oil diets may decrease total and LDL cholesterol. Soybean oil is also rich in vitamin E, especially in gamma tocopherol whose antioxydant activity deserves more attention today. Finally, its large content in alpha linolenic acid may induce on antithrombotic and antiarrythmic effect, but this effect is perhaps restricted by the poor bioavoilability of this fatty acid in soybean oil.
Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids have distinct effects on endothelial fatty acid content and nitric oxide bioavailability; Treatment with high dose icosapent ethyl (IPE), an ethyl ester of the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), significantly reduced ischemic events in patients with either cardiovascular disease (CV) or diabetes plus other risk factors (REDUCE-IT) but the mechanism is not well understood. We compared the effects of EPA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid (AA) on bioavailability of nitric oxide (NO) and fatty acid composition. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were pretreated with EPA, DHA, or AA (10 mu M). Cells were stimulated with calcium ionophore and NO and peroxynitrite (ONOO-) were measured using porphyrinic nanosensors. Levels of EPA, DHA, AA and other fatty acids were measured by gas chromatography (GC). EPA treatment caused the greatest NO release (18%, p < 0.001) and reduction in ONOO- (13%, p < 0.05) compared to control; the [NO]/[ONOO-] ratio increased by 35% (p < 0.001). DHA treatment increased NO levels by 12% (p < 0.01) but had no effect on ONOO- release. AA did not affect either NO or ONOO- release. Fatty acid treatments increased their respective levels in endothelial cells. EPA levels increased 10-fold to 4.59 mg/g protein (p < 0.001) with EPA treatment and the EPA/AA ratio increased by 10-fold (p < 0.001) compared to vehicle. Only EPA increased docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, omega-3) levels by 2-fold (p < 0.001). AA alone decreased the EPA/AA ratio 4-fold (p<0.001). These findings support a preferential benefit of EPA on endothelial function and omega-3 fatty acid content.
Differentiating EPA from EPA/DHA in cardiovascular risk reduction; None of the clinical trials of omega-3 fatty acids using combinations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were able to show any effect on cardiovascular outcomes, despite reductions in triglyceride levels. In contrast, the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events With Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT), which employed high-dose (4 g) purified EPA, demonstrated a 25% reduction in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease-related events compared with placebo (hazard ratio 0.75; 95% confidence interval 0.68-0.83; P < 0.001). Moreover, REDUCE-IT is the first clinical trial using a lipid-lowering agent as adjuvant therapy to a statin to show a significant reduction in cardiovascular mortality. Significant reductions in stroke, need for revascularization, and myocardial infarction were also observed. The pharmacology of EPA is distinct from that of DHA, with a differential effect on membrane structure, lipoprotein oxidation, and the production of downstream metabolites that promote the resolution of inflammation. Attained plasma levels of EPA may be an important determinant of efficacy, with a substudy of REDUCE-IT suggesting that the threshold for clinical benefit of EPA is approximately 100 mu g/mL, a level achieved in only a minority of patients in other studies. No similar clinical trials of DHA monotherapy have been conducted, so no such threshold has been established. The results of the REDUCE-IT and the Japan EPA Lipid Intervention Study (JELIS) together affirm the efficacy of EPA therapy for cardiovascular disease risk reduction in certain patient populations.
Mortality in a cohort with high fish consumption; Background Our aim was to assess the mortality of fishermen and fishermens wives in Finland, presuming that the mortality reflects their high consumption of contaminated fish.
Dietary supplements and risk of cause-specific death, cardiovascular disease, and cancer: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis of primary prevention trials; Background: In the Western world, dietary supplements are commonly used to prevent chronic diseases, mainly cardiovascular disease and cancer. However, there is inconsistent evidence on which dietary supplements actually lower risk of chronic disease, and some may even increase risk. We aim to evaluate the comparative safety and/or effectiveness of dietary supplements for the prevention of mortality (all-cause, cardiovascular, and cancer) and cardiovascular and cancer incidence in primary prevention trials.
Dietary fatty acids in human thrombosis and hemostasis; The effects of fatty acids on hemostasis are controversial. It has been difficult to show convincing effects of saturated or monounsaturated fatty acids that are clearly related to hemostatic variables in humans. Unsaturated fatty acids alter platelet aggregation and processes related to coagulation and fibrinolysis. Indirect evidence exists that n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids may exert favorable effects on thrombotic processes in vivo, but large clinical trials have failed to show benefits of 5-6 g linoleic acid (18:2n-6) or linolenic acid (18:3n-3)/d. Only long-chain n-3 fatty acids prolong the template bleeding time, and they may exert some beneficial effect on erythrocyte flexibility. It appears unlikely that n-3 fatty acids lower fibrinogen or interact with the fibrinolytic system directly. One prospective secondary prevention trial showed benefits that may have resulted from either an improved hemostatic profile or an antiarrhythmic effect. A similar time course of clinical improvement was noted with reduced rates of cardiac mortality and postoperative thrombosis in Norway during World War II, and this was associated with a drastic dietary alteration involving increased consumption of n-3 fatty acids and reduced consumption of saturated fatty acids. Further work is needed to develop better tools to examine in vivo hemostasis so that the mechanisms and eventual clinical utility of n-3 fatty acids can be elucidated in well-designed clinical trials.
LONG-CHAIN N-3 FATTY-ACIDS IN BREAST-MILK OF INUIT WOMEN CONSUMING TRADITIONAL FOODS; The fatty acid composition of mature breast milk total lipids was analyzed in milk from Inuit women living in a small Arctic community. Long-chain n-3 fatty acids were higher than in comparable samples from Vancouver residents. The data suggest that secretion of n-3 fatty acids in milk is influenced by the dietary intake of the lactating women. The levels of these fatty acids in Inuit milk approximate those reported for the diet fat of adult Eskimo, and which have been associated with reduced  plasma cholesterol levels and death from coronary heart disease.
Lipid content and composition in common carp - optimization of n-3 fatty acids in different pond production systems; This study examined whether the lipid composition of common carp muscle can be improved and become an important source of n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) in human nutrition. Carp from three pond production systems in South Bohemia were given access to plankton, plankton with the addition of cereals, or pellets containing rapeseed cake suggested to enhance lipid nutritional value. White muscle fatty acid composition was investigated and compared among treatments. Fish with no supplements were characterized by a high content of n-3 HUFA, especially eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Fish supplemented with rapeseed pellets had a moderate n-3 HUFA level, while those supplemented with cereals were characterized by a high oleic acid content and low level of n-3 fatty acids. The pond plankton populations contained high proportions of n-3 fatty acids, including EPA and DHA, with an n-3/n-6 ratio around three. In summary, the rapeseed-based pellet resulted in a more polyunsaturated lipid composition of the fish flesh, also with regard to n-3 fatty acids. The conclusion is that the novel rapeseed-based supplement is beneficial to human health.
Effects of Linoleic and Alpha-Linolenic Ratios and Concentrations on In Vitro Endothelial Cell Responses; Although many studies have found that two essential fatty acids, linoleic acid (LA; n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, PUFA) and -linolenic acid (ALA; n-3 PUFA), are closely related to the occurrence and development of cardiovascular disease (CVD), the effects of LA and ALA ratios and concentrations on CVD risk are not well known. The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of various LA/ALA ratios (1:1, 5:1, 10:1, and 20:1) and their concentrations on inflammation, oxidative stress, endothelial cell functions, and the mechanism in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (EA.hy926 cell line). The results indicate that low LA/ALA ratio might provide CVD benefits at low PUFA concentration while low LA/ALA ratio (1:1) increases CVD risk at high PUFA concentration. The results show that the effects of LA and ALA on inflammation, oxidative stress, endothelial cell functions, and the related gene expression are influenced by not only LA/ALA ratios but also their concentrations, and the mechanism may be mediated through PKC/NF-B inflammatory and NO/eNOS signaling pathways by regulation of the NOX4 pathway.Practical Applications: Lipid metabolism, inflammation, oxidative stress, and endothelial cell functions play an important role in the pathogenesis of CVD, which may be affected by an imbalance in the LA/ALA ratio. However, the effects of LA/ALA ratios on CVD risk are influenced by PUFA concentrations. The study provides a method to design diets beneficial for CVD prevention. The low LA/ALA ratio (1:1) could up-regulate increase the gene expression level of PKC and eNOS gene while NF-B and NOX4 gene expression levels are up-regulated to increase oxidative stress, which could cause the oxidation of BH4 and uncoupling of eNOS under high PUFA concentration. Uncoupling eNOS generated <mml:msubsup>O2-</mml:msubsup>, instead of NO, which could damage vascular endothelial cell function. This is different from the role of eNOS in the production of NO under normal physiological conditions, which shows the duality of eNOS on atherosclerosis. The results indicate both LA and ALA ratios and concentrations are important for CVD risk.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids modulate the eicosanoid profile in man primarily via the CYP-epoxygenase pathway; Cytochrome P450 (CYP)-dependent metabolites of arachidonic acid (AA) contribute to the regulation of cardiovascular function. CYP enzymes also accept EPA and DHA to yield more potent vasodilatory and potentially anti-arrhythmic metabolites, suggesting that the endogenous CYP-eicosanoid profile can be favorably shifted by dietary omega-3 fatty acids. To test this hypothesis, 20 healthy volunteers were treated with an EPA/DHA supplement and analyzed for concomitant changes in the circulatory and urinary levels of AA-, EPA-, and DHA-derived metabolites produced by the cyclooxygenase-, lipoxygenase (LOX)-, and CYP-dependent pathways. Raising the Omega-3 Index from about four to eight primarily resulted in a large increase of EPA-derived CYP-dependent epoxy-metabolites followed by increases of EPA-and DHA-derived LOX-dependent monohydroxy-metabolites including the precursors of the resolvin E and D families; resolvins themselves were not detected. The metabolite/precursor fatty acid ratios indicated that CYP epoxygenases metabolized EPA with an 8.6-fold higher efficiency and DHA with a 2.2-fold higher efficiency than AA. Effects on leukotriene, prostaglandin E, prostacyclin, and thromboxane formation remained rather weak. We propose that CYP-dependent epoxy-metabolites of EPA and DHA may function as mediators of the vasodilatory and cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids and could serve as biomarkers in clinical studies investigating the cardiovascular effects of EPA/DHA supplementation.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with calcified atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries -: The national heart, lung, and blood institute family heart study; Background-High dietary intake of linolenic acid is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, little is known about the association between linolenic acid and subclinical atherosclerosis.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Increase Survival and Decrease Bacterial Load in Mice Subjected to <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>-Induced Sepsis; Sepsis caused by Staphylococcus aureus is increasing in incidence. With the alarming use of antibiotics, S. aureus is prone to become methicillin resistant. Antibiotics are the only widely used pharmacological treatment for sepsis. Interestingly, mice fed high-fat diet (HFD) rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids have better survival of S. aureus-induced sepsis than mice fed HFD rich in saturated fatty acids (HFD-S). To investigate what component of polyunsaturated fatty acids, i.e., omega-3 or omega-6 fatty acids, exerts beneficial effects on the survival of S. aureus-induced sepsis, mice were fed HFD rich in omega-3 or omega-6 fatty acids for 8 weeks prior to inoculation with S. aureus. Further, mice fed HFD-S were treated with omega-3 fatty acid metabolites known as resolvins. Mice fed HFD rich in omega-3 fatty acids had increased survival and decreased bacterial loads compared to those for mice fed HFD-S after S. aureus-induced sepsis. Furthermore, the bacterial load was decreased in resolvin-treated mice fed HFD-S after S. aureus-induced sepsis compared with that in mice treated with vehicle. Dietary omega-3 fatty acids increase the survival of S. aureus-induced sepsis by reversing the deleterious effect of HFD-S on mouse survival.
Association of seafood consumption with cardiovascular disease among adults in Qingdao, China; Background and aims: The relationship between seafood consumption and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is controversial, and studies have not considered competing risk events. Our study examined the association between a full range of seafood consumption and CVD incidence and mortality based on the Qingdao Diabetes Prevention Program. Methods and results: We followed up 5285 participants without CVD at baseline until December 31, 2021. CVD cases and deaths were identified through record linkage with the Qingdao CVD Surveillance System and the Qingdao Death Surveillance System, respectively. Information on seafood consumption was obtained using a food frequency questionnaire. We used the Cox proportional hazard model and the competing risk model to evaluate the association between all types of seafood consumption and CVD incidence and mortality. During a median follow-up of 11.4 years, 122 CVD cases and 75 deaths occurred. After adjustment for potential confounders, compared with nonconsumers, seafood consumption of 300-500 and > 500 g/week was associated with a lower risk of CVD incidence [hazards ratio and 95 % confidence interval (CI): 0.54 (0.29-0.99) and 0.49 (0.26-0.91), respectively]. However, seafood consumption of >500 g/week had a signi ficantly lower risk of CVD mortality [subdistribution hazard ratio and 95 % CI: 0.40 (0.17-0.95)], but it was insignificant in other groups. Conclusion: Seafood consumption of 300-500 g/week and >500 g/week was associated with a lower CVD incidence and mortality. Our findings provide evidence of the recommendations of the 2022 Dietary Guidelines for Chinese residents and may guide the promotion of strategies for CVD prevention. (c) 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effectiveness of a Novel ω-3 Krill Oil Agent in Patients With Severe Hypertriglyceridemia A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Intense interest exists in novel omega-3 formulations with high bioavailability to reduce blood triglyceride (TG) levels.
Beneficial effects of the n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in surgical patients: Updating the evidence; The use of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in surgical patients has risen by the fact that this may attenuate systemic and acute inflammatory responses secondary to surgical trauma through modulation of inflammatory mediators and cell membrane interactions. Moreover, the inclusion of n-3 fatty acids in clinical trials as part of the therapy in patients, who expect to undergo a surgical stress, suggests benefits on clinical progress.
n-3 PUFAs improve erythrocyte fatty acid profile in patients with small AAA: a randomized controlled trial; Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) is an important cause of death in older adults, which has no current drug therapy. Inflammation and abnormal redox status are believed to be key pathogenic mechanisms for AAA. In light of evidence correlating inflammation with aberrant fatty acid profiles, this study compared erythrocyte fatty acid content in 43 AAA patients (diameter 3.0-4.5 cm) and 52 healthy controls. In addition, the effect of omega-3 PUFA (n-3 PUFA) supplementation on erythrocyte fatty acid content was examined in a cohort of 30 AAA patients as part of a 12 week randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. Blood analyses identified associations between AAA and decreased linoleic acid (LA), and AAA and increased 6-desaturase activity and biosynthesis of arachidonic acid (AA) from LA. Omega-3 PUFA supplementation (1.5 g DHA + 0.3 g EPA/day) decreased red blood cell distribution width (14.8 +/- 0.4% to 13.8 +/- 0.2%; P = 0.003) and levels of pro-inflammatory n-6 PUFAs (AA, 12.46 +/- 0.23% to 10.14 +/- 0.3%, P < 0.001; adrenic acid, 2.12 +/- 0.13% to 1.23 +/- 0.09%; P < 0.001). In addition, -4 desaturase activity increased (DHA/docosapentaenoic acid ratio, 1.85 +/- 0.14 to 3.93 +/- 0.17; P < 0.001) and elongase 2/5 activity decreased (adrenic acid/AA ratio, 0.17 +/- 0.01 to 0.12 +/- 0.01; P < 0.01) following supplementation. The findings suggest that n-3 PUFAs improve fatty acid profiles and ameliorate factors associated with inflammation in AAA patients.
Fish oil supplementation and insulin sensitivity: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Fish oil supplementation has been shown to be associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome and benefit a wide range of chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and several types of cancers. However, the evidence of fish oil supplementation on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity is still controversial. This meta-analysis summarized the exist evidence of the relationship between fish oil supplementation and insulin sensitivity and aimed to evaluate whether fish oil supplementation could improve insulin sensitivity.
Serum ω-3 fatty acids are associated with variation in mood, personality and behavior in hypercholesterolemic community volunteers; Low dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids has been linked to several features of psychiatric symptomatology, including depression, disorders of impulse control, and hostility. Preliminary intervention trials of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation for clinical depression and other disorders have reported benefit. However, few studies have investigated the relationships between these fatty acids and normative variability in mood, behavior and personality. Participants were 105 hypercholesterolemic, but otherwise healthy, non-smoking adults. Fasting serum alpha-linolenic (alpha-LNA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexacnoic acid (DHA) were assayed with gas chromatography. Participants completed the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the NEO Five Factor Personality Inventory (NEO-FFI) and the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS). In multivariate analyses, higher levels of the long chain omega-3 PUFAs, EPA and DHA, were associated with significantly reduced odds of scoring >= 10 on the BDI. Similarly, DHA and EPA covaried inversely with NEO-Neuroticism scores, whereas DHA was positively associated with NEO-Agreeableness. On the BIS, DHA was inversely related to cognitive impulsivity and alpha-LNA was inversely related to motor and total impulsivity. These findings suggest that omega-3 fatty acid status is associated with variability in affect regulation, personality and impulse control. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Children; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are the major components of brain and retina, and are the essential fatty acids with important physiologically active functions. Thus, PUFAs should be provided to children, and are very important in the brain growth and development for fetuses, newborn infants, and children. Omega-3 fatty acids decrease coronary artery disease and improve blood flow. PUFAs have been known to have anti-inflammatory action and improved the chronic inflammation such as auto-immune diseases or degenerative neurologic diseases. PUFAs are used for metabolic syndrome related with obesity or diabetes. However, there are several considerations related with intake of PUFAs. Obsession with the intake of unsaturated fatty acids could bring about the shortage of essential fatty acids that are crucial for our body, weaken the immune system, and increase the risk of heart disease, arrhythmia, and stroke. In this review, we discuss types, physiologic mechanism of action of PUFAs, intake of PUFAs for children, recommended intake of PUFAs, and considerations for the intake of PUFAs.
The Effect of Omega-3 Supplementation on Serum Levels of Inflammatory Biomarkers and Albumin in Hemodialysis Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis were performed to evaluate the effect of omega-3 supplementation on serum levels of inflammatory biomarkers (C-reactive protein [CRP], high-sensitivity CRP [hs-CRP], tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6) and albumin in patients on hemodialysis. A literature search was performed in MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Google Scholar. Randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of omega-3 supplementation versus placebo were selected. Eight randomized controlled trials comprising 371 patients on hemodialysis were included. According to our results, omega-3 supplementation significantly decreased serum levels of CRP (standardized mean difference [SMD]: -1.95 mg/Dl; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -3.09, -0.80) and hs-CRP (SMD: -2.09; 95% CI: -3.62, -0.56) but did not significantly improve albumin (SMD: 0.91; 95% CI: -0.78, 2.59), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (SMD: -1.51; 95% CI: -3.24, 0.22), and interleukin-6 (SMD: 0.72, 95% CI: -0.56, 1.99). We concluded that omega-3 supplementation leads to a significant decrease in serum levels of CRP and hs-CRP. (C) 2019 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Diet and medication for heart protection in secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. New concepts; Background: Sudden cardiac death (SCD) has accounted for about half of total cardiovascular mortality in recent secondary prevention trials. In addition, chronic heart failure (CHF) is becoming the first cause of hospitalisation of cardiac patients and rising to epidemic proportions in most Western countries. Strategies for the secondary prevention of coronary hear disease (CHD) and cardiac rehabilitation programmes should therefore primarily focus on the prevention of these two major clinical complications.
Benefits of foods supplemented with vegetable oils rich in α-linolenic, stearidonic or docosahexaenoic acid in hypertriglyceridemic subjects: a double-blind, randomized, controlled trail; The aim of the study was to investigate the influence of foods enriched with vegetable oils varying in their n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids profile on cardiovascular risk factors for hypertriglyceridemic subjects.
Effect of diet, statin, and omega-3 fatty acids on the blood pressure and lipidemia in humans; Cardiovascular diseases are responsible for the high mortality rate in many countries, therefore, they have been widely studied recently. The Objective of this research was to evaluate the concentration of cholesterol and its fractions, triglycerides and blood pressure in humans. This study was divided into three treatments (placebo, statin, and omega-3) with a 1200 calorie diet per day for all groups of eight patients. The following parameters were evaluated on day 0 and day 30: anthropometry (weight); clinical assessment (arterial pressure), and biochemistry (total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides). The findings show that in the diet treatment there was weight loss, decrease of total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, SAP, and DAP, and increase of LDL-cholesterol. In the statin treatment there was weight loss, decrease of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, SAP, and DA, and increase of HDL-cholesterol. In the omega-3 treatment it was verified weight loss, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides; increase of values of SAP and DAP, and the levels of HDL-cholesterol remained constant.
Marine n-3 Fatty Acids for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction and Disease Control in Rheumatoid Arthritis: "Kill Two Birds with One Stone"?; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA), the most common chronic systemic inflammatory disease leading to joint destruction and disability, is associated with increased cardiovascular mortality. Systemic inflammation and increased burden of traditional cardiovascular risk factors present in RA are currently considered responsible for the accelerated atherosclerosis in these patients. Herein, we highlight a potential double effect of dietary intake of the n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCP) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3) on cardiovascular risk reduction and disease control in patients with RA. Large studies in non-RA populations provide strong evidence for the beneficial effect of n-3 LCP supplementation in primary and secondary cardiovascular prevention. Cardiovascular risk reduction is at least partly explained by n-3 LCP effects on blood pressure, dyslipidemia, thrombosis and inflammation, all important factors also in RA, whereas abnormalities in vascular function and in vascular morphology similar to those observed in RA patients may even be moderately reversed. On the other hand, there is evidence from 6 of 14 randomized controlled trials supporting a favorable effect of n-3 LCP supplementation in decreasing joint inflammation in RA. Although specific studies in RA patients are currently lacking, a double beneficial effect of n-3 LCP seems likely. The size of any such effect and how it compares with other interventions such as lifestyle changes, biologic therapies, and statin therapy, needs to be investigated prospectively in carefully designed studies.
Fish intake, n-3 fatty acid body status, and risk of cognitive decline: a systematic review and a dose-response meta-analysis of observational and experimental studies; Context: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) testing supplementation with eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) fatty acids have failed to provide evidence supporting a suggested inverse association between fish intake and dementia risk. Objective: Dose-response analyses were conducted to evaluate associations between fish intake, all-cause dementia or Alzheimer's Disease (AD), and the effect of EPA/DHA supplementation on cognitive performance. Data Sources: PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science databases were searched for original research evaluating either associations between fish intake and dementia or AD, or the impact of EPA and/or DHA supplementation on the risk of cognitive decline. Data Extraction: Data were collected on study characteristics and methods; number of cases/deaths (for observational studies); categories of exposure; model covariates; risk estimates from the most-adjusted model; type and dosage of supplementation (from RCTs); fatty acid levels in blood; and differences in cognition test results before and after supplementation. Risk of bias was assessed through the ROBINS-E and RoB2.0 tools for observational and experimental studies, respectively. Data Analysis: Weighted mixed-effects models were applied, allowing for the inclusion of studies with 2 levels of exposure. Based on findings with low/moderate risk of bias, fish intake of up to 2 portions (250 g) per week was associated with a 10% reduction (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.79, 1.02, N = 5) in all-cause dementia and a 30% reduction (95% CI: 0.54, 0.89, N = 3) in AD risk. Changes in EPA and DHA body status had a positive impact on participants' executive functions, but not on their overall cognitive performance. Conclusion: The protection offered by fish intake against cognitive decline levels off at intakes higher than 2 portions/week and likely relates to the impact of EPA and DHA on the individual's executive functions, although there remain questions about the mechanisms linking the short- and long-term effects.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids for the Prevention of Recurrent Symptomatic Atrial Fibrillation Results of the FORWARD (Randomized Trial to Assess Efficacy of PUFA for the Maintenance of Sinus Rhythm in Persistent Atrial Fibrillation) Trial; Objectives The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) for the prevention of recurrent atrial fibrillation (AF) in patients with normal sinus rhythm.
THE FATTY-ACIDS OF ERYTHROCYTES OF MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION PATIENTS; Arachidonic acid (C20:4.omega.6) and eicosapentanoic acid (C20:5.omega.3) are precursors of 2 different series of prostaglandins important in homeostasis of the cardiovascular system. The levels of these and other fatty acids were measured in a group of 20 patients who suffered myocardial infarction (samples taken within 12 h of infarction) and a group of 17 healthy age-matched controls using the erythrocyte as a lipid probe. There was no significant difference between the level of C20:4.omega.6 in patients and controls. There was, however, a highly significant difference in the level of the peak containing C20:5.omega.3, i.e., 6.60% .+-. 0.29 (mean and SE of mean) for controls; 3.91 .+-. 0.36 (mean and SE of mean) for patients with myocardial infarction. In each of the 2 groups the relationship between the levels of the 2 fatty acids arachidonic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and their essential fatty acid precursors was investigated. No significant functional relationship was found except between C18:3.omega.3 and C20:5.omega.3 in the control group. These results are discussed in relation to homeostasis and recent evidence that levels of these fatty acids can be altered by dietary manipulation.
Relations between the Consumption of Fatty or Lean Fish and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and All-Cause Mortality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Statement of Significance: Current guidelines for cardiovascular disease prevention in the healthy adult population recommend the habitual consumption of fish with special emphasis on fatty fish. Over the years, a number of prospective cohort studies has provided data on the association between fatty fish or lean fish and cardiovascular events, but to date, a comprehensive evaluation of the evidence relative to distinct fish categories is lacking.
Game Theoretic Consideration of Transgenic Bacteria in the Human Gut Microbiota Converting Omega-6 to Omega-3 Fats; Prophylactic use of functional foods and the design of nutraceuticals has a far-reaching public health benefit. Understanding the phenotypic manipulations needed to take advantage of gut microbial ecology is fundamental to bioengineering and the food, diet and health industries. This work considers a hypothetical adjustment of gut microbiota by an introduced transgenic bacterial strain that contributes to increased exposure of essential omega-3 (n-3) poly-unsaturated fatty acids, the socalled fish oils. Absorption of the essential poly-unsaturated fats from food is dominated by the omega-6 (n-6) fats over the omega-3 (n-3) fats. Unfortunately, long-term depleted levels of n-3-containing lipids in blood plasma is a high-risk indicator for outcomes such as metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and diabetes-related conditions.
Effects of Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> and Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation on Indicated and Selective Prevention of Depression in Older Adults: Results From the Clinical Center Sub-Cohort of the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL); Objective: To test vitamin D-3 and omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3s) for late-life depression prevention under the National Academy of Medicine framework for indicated (targeting subthreshold depression) and selective (targeting presence of high-risk factors) prevention.
Associations of Dietary Fats with All-Cause Mortality and Cardiovascular Disease Mortality among Patients with Cardiometabolic Disease; Previous studies have shown distinct associations between specific dietary fats and mortality. However, evidence on specific dietary fats and mortality among patients with cardiometabolic disease (CMD) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to estimate the association between consumption of specific fatty acids and survival of patients with CMD and examine whether cardiometabolic biomarkers can mediate the above effects. The study included 8537 participants with CMD, from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III) and NHANES 1999-2014. Cox proportional hazards regression, restricted cubic spline regression, and isocaloric substitution models were used to estimate the associations of dietary fats with all-cause mortality and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality among participants with CMD. Mediation analysis was performed to assess the potential mediating roles of cardiometabolic biomarkers. During a median follow-up of 10.3 years (0-27.1 years), 3506 all-cause deaths and 882 CVD deaths occurred. The hazard ratios (HRs) of all-cause mortality among patients with CMD were 0.85 (95% confidence interval (CI), 95% CI, 0.73-0.99; p trend = 0.03) for omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (omega-6 PUFA), 0.86 (95% CI, 0.75-1.00; p trend = 0.05) for linoleic acid (LA), and 0.86 (95% CI, 0.75-0.98; p trend = 0.03) for docosapentaenoic acid (DPA). Isocalorically replacing energy from SFA with PUFA and LA were associated with 8% and 4% lower all-cause mortality respectively. The HRs of CVD mortality among CMD patients comparing extreme tertiles of specific dietary fats were 0.60 (95% CI, 0.48-0.75; p trend = 0.002) for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and 0.64 (95% CI, 0.48-0.85; p trend = 0.002) for DPA and above effects were mediated by levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL). Restricted cubic splines showed significant negative nonlinear associations between above specific dietary fats and mortality. These results suggest that intakes of omega-6 PUFA, LA, and DPA or replacing SFA with PUFA or LA might be associated with lower all-cause mortality for patients with CMD. Consumption of EPA and DPA could potentially reduce cardiovascular death for patients with CMD, and their effects might be regulated by cardiometabolic biomarkers indirectly. More precise and representative studies are further needed to validate our findings.
Genetic profiling of fatty acid desaturase polymorphisms identifies patients who may benefit from high-dose omega-3 fatty acids in cardiac remodeling after acute myocardial infarction-Post-hoc analysis from the OMEGA-REMODEL randomized controlled trial; Background
Icosapent ethyl: drug profile and evidence of reduced residual cardiovascular risk in patients with statin-managed LDL-C cholesterol; Introduction: Icosapent ethyl (IPE) is a highly purified (>96%) form of eicosapentanoic acid, a marine-derived omega-3 fatty acid known to reduce serum triglyceride (TG) levels. In the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT), the addition of 4 g IPE daily resulted in a 25% reduction in cardiovascular events beyond statins and other standard of care therapies. IPE is now the only therapy currently approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat patients with elevated TGs (150-499 mg/dL) with cardiovascular disease (CVD) or Type 2 diabetes mellitus and two or more CVD risk factors. Areas covered:
Postgraduate Symposium The role of inflammation and macrophage accumulation in the development of obesity-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus and the possible therapeutic effects of long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA; The WHO estimate that >1 x 10(6) deaths in Europe annually can be attributed to diseases related to excess body weight, and with the rising global obesity levels this death rate is set to drastically increase. Obesity plays a central role in the metabolic syndrome, a state of insulin resistance that predisposes patients to the development of CVD and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Obesity is associated with low-grade chronic inflammation characterised by inflamed adipose tissue with increased macrophage infiltration. This inflammation is now widely believed to be the key link between obesity and development of insulin resistance. In recent years it has been established that activation of pro-inflammatory pathways can cross talk with insulin signalling pathways via a number of mechanisms including (a) down-regulation of insulin signalling pathway proteins (e.g. GLUT4 and insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1), (b) serine phosphorylation of IRS-1 blocking its tyrosine phosphorylation in response to insulin and (c) induction of cytokine signalling molecules that sterically hinder insulin signalling by blocking coupling of the insulin receptor to IRS-1. Long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA regulate gene expression (a) through transcription factors such as PPAR and NF-kappa 3 and (b) via eicosanoid production, reducing pro-inflammatory cytokine production from many different cells including the macrophage. LC n-3 PUFA may therefore offer a useful anti-inflammatory strategy to decrease obesity-induced insulin resistance, which will be examined in the present review.
Effects of Docosahexaenoic Acid on the Endothelial Function in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease; Aim: The consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), reduces the incidence of cardiovascular events, and reduced serum levels of n-3 PUFA may be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events. However, controversy remains regarding which components of PUFA are associated with the endothelial function in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). We therefore examined the associations between the n-3 and n-6 PUFA levels and CAD.
The protective effect of fish n-3 fatty acids on cerebral ischemia in rat hippocampus; Reactive oxygen species (ROS) have been implicated in the pathogenesis of cerebral injury after ischemia-reperfusion (I/R). Fish n-3 essential fatty acids (EFA), contain eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA) and docosahexoenoic acids (DHA), exhibit antioxidant properties. DHA is an important component of brain membrane phospholipids and is necessary for the continuity of neuronal functions. EPA prevents platelet aggregation and inhibits the conversion of arachidonic acid into thromboxane A(2) and prostaglandins. They have been suggested to be protective agents against neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. In this study, the neuroprotective effects of fish n-3 EFA on oxidant-antioxidant systems and number of apoptotic neurons of the hippocampal formation (HF) subjected to cerebral I/R injury was investigated in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on cardiovascular disease risk factors: a randomized clinical trial; Background. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the primary omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil, have been shown to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk.
Dietary long-chain n-3 fatty acids of marine origin and serum C-reactive protein concentrations are associated in a population with a diet rich in marine products; Background: Several studies have reported that the intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) or fish is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations, but few studies have evaluated the relations between serum CRP concentrations and consumption of n-3 PUFAs derived from marine products in populations with a diet rich in marine products. Therefore, it is still unclear whether a greater consumption of n-3 PUFAs is associated with lower serum CRP concentrations.
Effect of Intravenous ω-3 Fatty Acid Infusion and Hemodialysis on Fatty Acid Composition of Free Fatty Acids and Phospholipids in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease; Background: Patients treated with hemodialysis (HD) have been reported to have decreased levels of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in plasma and cells. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of omega-3 PUFAs administered intravenously during HD, as well as the effect of HD treatment, on the fatty acid composition of plasma free fatty acids (FFAs), plasma phospholipids, and platelet phospholipids. Methods: Forty-four HD patients were randomized to groups receiving either a single dose of a lipid emulsion containing 4.1 g of omega-3 PUFAs or placebo (saline) administered intravenously during HD. Blood was drawn immediately before (baseline) and after (4 hours) HD and before the next HD session (48 hours). Fatty acid composition was measured using gas chromatography. Results: The increase in omega-3 FFAs was greater in the omega-3 PUFA group compared with the placebo group, whereas the increase in total FFAs was similar between the 2 groups. In the omega-3 PUFA group, omega-3 PUFAs in plasma phospholipids were higher after 48 hours than at baseline, and in platelet phospholipids, omega-3 PUFAs increased after 4 hours. In the placebo group, no changes were observed in omega-3 PUFAs in plasma and platelet phospholipids. Conclusions: Intravenous omega-3 PUFAs administered during HD caused a transient selective increase in omega-3 FFA concentration. Furthermore, omega-3 PUFAs were rapidly incorporated into platelets, and the content of omega-3 PUFAs in plasma phospholipids increased after 48 hours. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2011;35:97-106)
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on serum lipids and vascular inflammation in patients with end-stage renal disease: a meta-analysis; Omega-3 fatty acids (O3FAs) are associated with lower cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in adults. However, this association in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) remains controversial prompting the need for investigation into the role of O3FAs on serum lipids and vascular inflammation markers. The present meta-analysis summarized the effects of O3FA supplementation on serum lipids and vascular inflammatory markers in patients with ESRD. PubMed, EmBase, and the Cochrane Library were searched to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) focused on serum lipids and vascular inflammation markers in patients with ESRD. Standard mean differences (SMD) were used to measure the effect of O3FA supplementation on serum lipids and vascular inflammatory markers. The final pooled analysis included 20 RCTs involving 1,461 patients with ESRD. The results indicated that O3FA supplementation reduced TG by 0.61, LDL by 0.35 and CRP by 0.56. However, O3FA had no significant effect on TC, HDL, albumin, hemoglobin, homocysteine, DBP, glucose, lipoprotein(a), and ferritin. O3FA supplementation is associated with lower several serum lipids and vascular inflammation markers in patients with ESRD.
Effects of Nutritional Supplements and Dietary Interventions on Cardiovascular Outcomes An Umbrella Review and Evidence Map; Background: The role of nutritional supplements and dietary interventions in preventing mortality and cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes is unclear.
The impact of long chain <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on inflammation, insulin sensitivity and CVD risk in a group of overweight women with an inflammatory phenotype; Background: Inflammation is strongly related to obesity and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The metabolic benefits of long chain (LC) n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) may be attributable to its anti-inflammatory properties.
Bioequivalence of encapsulated and microencapsulated fish-oil supplementation; Omega-3 oil from fish can be stabilised against oxidation using a variety of microencapsulation technologies. Complex coacervation has been used and found to be commercially useful for fortifying foods and beverages with long-chain omega-3 containing oils. Here we report a comparative human bioavailability study of microencapsulated omega-3 fish oil and standard fish-oil soft-gel capsules. Phospholipid levels of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids increased equivalently in both subjects groups. Also, triacylglycerol levels were reduced similarly in both groups. These results indicate that omega-3 fatty acids have equivalent bioavailability when delivered as microencapsulated complex coacervates or as soft-gel capsules. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary Fats in Relation to Total and Cause-Specific Mortality in a Prospective Cohort of 521 120 Individuals With 16 Years of Follow-Up; Rationale: Evidence linking saturated fat intake with cardiovascular health is controversial. The associations of unsaturated fats with total and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality remain inconsistent, and data about nonCVD mortality are limited.
Aging and dietary lipids modulate Ca<SUP>2+</SUP>-dependent mitochondrial function in the post-ischemic heart; A key feature of advanced age is a reduced threshold for excess Ca2+ loading during events that stimulate increased Ca2+ entry, such as augmented cardiac work, oxidative stress or post-ischemic reflow. Remodeling of myocardial cell membranes is a major factor underlying the relative Ca2+ intolerance in senescence and greater vulnerability to ischemic injury. In addition to cell death, surviving myocytes increase in size and exhibit altered gene expression of key effector proteins, including those that sustain Ca2+ homeostasis. Age-associated membrane changes, that may also be influenced by diet, include increases in membrane rigidity, cholesterol, phosphatidylcholine, omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal, and decreases in omega-3 PUFA, cardiolipin. These alterations have profound consequences on the efficacy of membrane proteins involved with ion homeostasis, signal transduction, redox reactions and oxidative phosphorylation. However, some of the age-related detrimental adaptations may be beneficially modified by dietary strategy. Diet rich in omega-3 PUFA reverses the age-associated membrane omega-3:omega-6 PUFA imbalance, and dysfunctional Ca2+ metabolism, facilitating increased efficiency of mitochondrial energy production and improved tolerance of ischemia and reperfusion.
A Pilot Study Assessing the Impact of rs174537 on Circulating Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and the Inflammatory Response in Patients with Traumatic Brain Injury; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a leading cause of death and disability in persons under age 45. The hallmark secondary injury profile after TBI involves dynamic interactions between inflammatory and metabolic pathways including fatty acids. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to provide neuroprotective benefits by minimizing neuroinflammation in rodents. These effects have been less conclusive in humans, however. We postulate genetic variants influencing PUFA metabolism in humans could contribute to these disparate findings. Therefore, we sought to (1) characterize the circulating PUFA response and (2) evaluate the impact of rs174537 on inflammation after TBI. A prospective, single-center, observational pilot study was conducted to collect blood samples from Level-1 trauma patients (N = 130) on admission and 24 h post-admission. Plasma was used to quantify PUFA levels and inflammatory cytokines. Deoxyribonucleic acid was extracted and genotyped at rs174537. Associations between PUFAs and inflammatory cytokines were analyzed for all trauma cases and stratified by race (Caucasians only), TBI (TBI: N = 47; non-TBI = 83) and rs174537 genotype (GG: N = 33, GT/TT: N = 44). Patients with TBI had higher plasma DHA levels compared with non-TBI at 24 h post-injury (p = 0.013). The SNP rs174537 was associated with both PUFA levels and inflammatory cytokines (p < 0.05). Specifically, TBI patients with GG genotype exhibited the highest plasma levels of DHA (1.33%) and interleukin-8 (121.5 +/- 43.3 pg/mL), which were in turn associated with poorer outcomes. These data illustrate the impact of rs174537 on the post-TBI response. Further work is needed to ascertain how this genetic variant directly influences inflammation after trauma.
Hypertriglyceridaemia and risk of coronary artery disease; An elevated serum level of LDL cholesterol is a well-known risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the role of elevated triglyceride levels is debated. Controversies regarding hypertriglyceridaemia as an independent risk factor for CVD have occurred partly because elevated triglyceride levels are often a component of atherogenic dyslipidaemia - they are associated with decreased levels of HDL cholesterol and increased levels of small dense LDL particles, which are highly atherogenic. Findings from several large studies indicate that elevated levels of triglycerides (either fasting or nonfasting) or, more specifically, triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and their remnants, are independently associated with increased risk of CVD. Possible mechanisms for this association include excessive free fatty acid release, production of proinflammatory cytokines, coagulation factors, and impairment of fibrinolysis. Therapeutic targeting of hypertriglyceridaemia could, therefore, reduce CVD and cardiovascular events, beyond the reduction achieved by LDL-cholesterol lowering. Elevated triglyceride levels are reduced with lifestyle interventions and fibrates, which can be combined with omega-3 fatty acids. Some new drugs are on the horizon, such as volanesorsen (which targets apolipoprotein C-III), pemafibrate, and others. However, CVD outcome studies with triglyceride-lowering agents have produced inconsistent results, meaning that no convincing evidence is available that lowering triglycerides by any approach can reduce mortality.
N-3 fatty acids inhibit vascular calcification via the p38-mitogen-activated protein kinase and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ pathways; Fish oil supplementation is associated with lower risk of coronary artery disease in humans, and it has been shown to reduce ectopic calcification in an animal model. However, whether N-3 fatty acids, active ingredients of fish oil, have direct effects on calcification of vascular cells is not clear. In this report, we investigated the effects of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on osteoblastic differentiation and mineralization of calcifying vascular cells (CVCs), a subpopulation of bovine aortic medial cells that undergo osteoblastic differentiation and form calcified matrix in vitro. Results showed that N-3 fatty acids inhibited alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity and mineralization of vascular cells, suggesting that they directly affect osteoblastic differentiation in vascular cells. By Western blot analysis, DHA activated p38-mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) but not extracellular-regulated kinase (ERK) or Akt. An inhibitor of p38-MAPK partially reversed the inhibitory effects of DHA on osteoblastic differentiation and mineralization. Transient transfection experiments showed that DHA also activated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma). Both p38-MAPK activator and PPAR-gamma agonists reproduced the inhibitory effects of DHA on CVC mineralization. Pretreatment with DHA also inhibited interleukin-6-induced ALP activity and mineralization. Together, these results suggest that N-3 fatty acids directly inhibit vascular calcification, and that the inhibitory effects are mediated by the p38-MAPK and PPAR-gamma pathways.
EFFECT OF OMEGA-3 AND OMEGA-6 FATTY-ACIDS ON TRANSFORMATION OF CULTURED-CELLS BY IRRADIATION AND TRANSFECTION; Mouse embryo fibroblasts (C3H 10T1/2) were exposed to 4 Gy of gamma-rays. The cells yielded 5-8 transformed foci per 10(4) surviving cells. Addition of 100-mu-M of either eicosapentaenoate or docosahexaenoate to the tissue culture medium reduced the number of transformed foci to 0-1.4. C3H 10T1/2 and NIH 3T3 cells were transfected with plasmid T24 containing the Harvey ras oncogene. C3H 10T1/2 cells yielded 0.85-1.1 foci/ng DNA, while NIH 3T3 cells yielded 0.1 2-0.14 foci/ng DNA. Foci formation was suppressed 65% in C3H 10T1/2 cells and 93% in NIH 3T3 cells when 100-mu-M eicosapentaenoate was present in the culture medium. Docosahexaenoate had a similar but somewhat weaker effect. Addition of arachidonate to the medium had little or no effect.
Omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters improve low-density lipoprotein subclasses without increasing low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels: A phase 4, randomized study; Background and aims: We aimed to investigate blood lipid and lipoprotein profiles in patients with dyslipidemia receiving hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) after 8 weeks of omega-3 fatty acid ethyl esters (Omega-3) treatment, using high-performance liquid chromatography with highly-sensitive gel filtration columns.
Fish consumption and the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; We aimed to investigate the association of fish consumption with the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke and all-cause mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We systematically searched PubMed and Scopus from inception till June 2019. We included prospective cohort studies assessing the relation of fish intake with the risk of CHD, stroke and mortality in patients with T2D. Study-specific results were pooled with the use of a random-effects model. Nine prospective cohort studies with 57,394 diabetic patients were identified. The relative risks for the highest compared with the lowest category of fish consumption were 0.86 (95% CI 0.76, 0.96; I-2 = 50%, n = 8) for all-cause mortality, and 0.61 (95% CI 0.29, 0.93; I-2 = 68%, n = 3) for CHD. There was a monotonic inverse association, with a nadir at fish consumption of approximately 2-3 servings/week, in both analyses. A nonsignificant inverse association was found for stroke. In the analysis of all-cause mortality, a nonsignificant inverse association was found in studies that controlled for energy intake, suggesting that the observed inverse association was not an addition effect, but may be due to substituting other foods such as red and processed meat with fish.
Genetic variants of the FADS gene cluster are associated with erythrocyte membrane LC PUFA levels in patients with mild cognitive impairment; Long-chain (> 20 C-atoms) polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC PUFAs) of both the omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) series are important for the functional integrity of brain and thereby cognition, memory and mood. Clinical studies observed associations between altered LC PUFA levels and neurodegenerative diseases such as AlzheimerA ' s disease and its prodromal stage, mild cognitive impairment (MCI).
Cardiovascular mortality: how can it be prevented?; The first step in the prevention and treatment of many chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases is to follow a healthy diet. Several epidemiological studies have observed that following a traditional Mediterranean diet reduces overall and cardiovascular mortality, as well as the incidence of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. However, up to now, only one study has analysed the effects of the Mediterranean diet on the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, the PREDIMED (PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea) study. This trial included 7447 high vascular risk individuals who were randomly divided into three dietary intervention groups: Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil, Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts, and a control diet (low in all types of fat). Analyses of intermediate markers demonstrated beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet on blood pressure, lipid profile, lipoprotein particles, oxidative stress and inflammation markers and carotid atherosclerosis. However, the most important finding was the 30% reduction in the relative risk of major cardiovascular complications (heart attack, stroke and cardiovascular mortality) in both Mediterranean diet groups compared to those who followed a low-fat diet. The results of the PREDIMED trial demonstrate that a high unsaturated fat, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory diet plan such as the Mediterranean diet is a useful tool in reducing overall mortality and in preventing cardiovascular disease.
Microdetermination of fatty acids by gas chromatography and cardiovascular risk stratification by the "EPA plus DHA level"; The therapeutic options for interfering with the electrical instability of a pathologically remodeled or ischaemic heart remain limited. Of increasing importance become interventions which target the fatty acid composition of blood and membrane lipids. In particular, the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexacnoic acid (DHA) provide parameters for stratification of risks associated with severe arrhythmia disorders and sudden cardiac death. Since EPA and DHA appear to have their anti-arrhythmogenic actions when present as free fatty acids, the parameters which determine a critical free fatty acid concentration are of great interest. In the present study, conclusions on EPA and DHA incorporation in blood lipids are derived from the administration of Omacor (R) which contains highly purified (84%) EPA and DHA ethyl esters and reduced the risk of sudden cardiac death by 45% in post-myocardial infarction patients (GIS-SI-Prevention study). The "EPA+DHA level" is described as risk identifying parameter for severe arrhythmia disorders, particularly if they are associated with myocardial ischaemia. It appears essential not only to build up body stores for release of EPA and DHA but to provide also a sustained uptake of EPA and DHA in the form of ethyl esters. In contrast to more rapidly absorbed triacylglycerols from fish, ethyl esters are taken up slowly within 24 h. For the administration of 1 g/day Omacor((R)) to healthy volunteers, it is shown that in whole blood EPA is increased from 0.6% to 1.4% within 10 days while DHA is increased from 2.9% to 4.3%. After withdrawal, the EPA and DHA levels approach baseline values within 10 days. A gas chromatographic procedure was established which requires only 10 mu l of whole blood for the identification of more than 30 fatty acids. Evidence is summarized strengthening the concept that a low "EPA+DHA level" presents a risk for severe arrhythmia disorders and sudden cardiac death. The administration of 840 mg/day of EPA and DHA ethyl esters raises the "EPA+DHA level" to approximately 6% that is associated with protection from sudden cardiac death. The pharmacological effects of ethyl esters are compared with the naturally occurring EPA and DHA triacylglycerols present in fish or fish oils which are of interest in primary prevention of cardiovascular disorders.
Benefits and risks of fish consumption Part II.: RIBEPEIX, a computer program to optimize the balance between the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and chemical contaminants; In recent years, and based on the importance of fish as a part of a healthy diet, there has been a notable promotion of fish and seafood consumption. However, a number of recent studies have shown that fish may be a potential source of exposure to chemical pollutants, some of them with well known adverse effects on human health. Recently, we determined in 14 edible marine species the concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosohexaenoic acid (DHA), as well as those of a number of chemical contaminants: Cd, Hg, Pb, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans, polychlorinated biphenyls, hexachlorobenzene, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, polychlorinated naphthalenes, polybrominated diphenylethers and polychlorinated diphenylethers. To quantitative establish the intake of these pollutants (risks) versus that of EPA+DHA (benefits), we designed a simple computer program. RIBEPEIX. The concentrations of EPA, DHA, and the chemical pollutants were introduced into the program. We here present how RIBEPEIX may be used as an easy tool to optimize fish consumption: most suitable species, frequency of consumption, and size of meals. RIBEPEIX can be useful not only for professionals (cardiologists, general physicians, nutritionists, toxicologists, etc.), but also for the general population.
Mediterranean Diet and the Association Between Air Pollution and Cardiovascular Disease Mortality Risk; BACKGROUND: Recent experimental evidence suggests that nutritional supplementation can blunt adverse cardiopulmonary effects induced by acute air pollution exposure. However, whether usual individual dietary patterns can modify the association between long-term air pollution exposure and health outcomes has not been previously investigated. We assessed, in a large cohort with detailed diet information at the individual level, whether a Mediterranean diet modifies the association between long-term exposure to ambient air pollution and cardiovascular disease mortality risk.
Impact of a mixed chain length omega-3 fatty acid diet on production variables in commercial free-range laying hens; 1. Previous studies found beneficial effects on the prevalence of keel fractures and bone health in laying hens receiving a short chain omega 3 fatty acid diet. However, subsequent work using a mixed short and long chain omega 3 diet (MCD) found little benefit to bone health and substantial production losses.
Single and Repeated Dose 28-Day and 13-Week Toxicity Studies of Oil Prepared from the Internal Organs of the Japanese Giant Scallop (<i>Patinopecten yessoensis</i>) in Mice; Internal organs of discarded scallops are rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, but it is not used as a food ingredient due to the presence of toxic substances. Recently, our research team prepared high-quality scallop oil (SCO) from the internal organs of the Japanese giant scallop (Patinopecten yessoensis), in which cadmium and diarrhetic shellfish toxin are below regulated levels. In this study, SCO was prepared from the internal organs of scallops obtained from Mutsu and Uchiura bays in Japan, and was referred to as SCO-M (scallop oil from Mutsu bay) and SCO-U (scallop oil from Uchiura bay), respectively. Acute and subacute toxicity studies were performed to assess the safety of the prepared SCO. In acute toxicity study, mice were orally administered SCO-M and SCO-U at a single dose of 5,000 mg/kg body weight. In a 28-day repeated oral dose toxicity study, the mice were fed diets containing 1% and 5% SCO-M and SCO-U; and in a 13-week repeated oral dose toxicity study, the mice were fed 5% SCO-M and SCO-U. There were no toxicologically significant changes in clinical signs, hematology, blood chemistry, and organ weights at any dose during the experiment. Therefore, it was concluded that SCO-M and SCO-U are safe for use as food ingredients under the experimental conditions of this study.
Needs to change the direction of cholesterol-related medication - A problem of great urgency; The cholesterol hypothesis implies that reducing the intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol and increasing that of polyunsaturated fatty acid are effective in lowering serum total cholesterol (TC), and thereby reducing the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD). However, these dietary recommendations are essentially ineffective in reducing TC in the long run, but rather increase mortalitiy rates from CHD and all causes. The reported "apparent relative risk of high TC in CHD mortality" (the ratio of mortality at the highest/lowest TC levels) varied several-fold among populations studied. The incidence of familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) in a population was proposed to be a critical factor in the observed variability, which could be accounted for by assuming that 1) the high CHD mortality rate in high-TC groups is mainly a reflection of the incidence and severity of FH, and 2) high TC is not a causative factor of CHD in non-FH cases. This interpretation is supported by recent observations that high TC is not positively associated with high CHD mortality rates among general populations more than 40-50 years of age. More importantly, higher TC values are associated with lower cancer and all-cause mortality rates among these populations, in which relative proportions of FH are likely to be low (circa 0.2%). Although the effectiveness of statins in preventing CHD has been accepted in Western countries, little benefit seems to result from efforts to limit dietary cholesterol intake or to TC values to less than approximately 260 mg/dl among the general population and the elderly. Instead, an unbalanced intake of omega 6 over omega 3 polyunsaturated fats favors the production of eicosanoids, the actions of which lead to the production of inflammatory and thrombotic lipid mediators and altered cellular signaling and gene expression, which are major risk factors for CHID, cancers, and shorter longevity. Based on the data reviewed here, it is urgent to change the direction of current cholesterol-related medication for the prevention of CHID, cancer, and all-cause mortality.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce preterm labor by inhibiting trophoblast cathepsin S and inflammasome activation; Preterm labor is associated with inflammation and infection. The mechanisms underlying the role of omega-3 fatty acid in inflammasome activation and prevention of preterm labor remain unknown. We hypothesized that omega-3 fatty acid can reduce the rate of preterm birth induced by infection and trophoblast inflammation. In the present study, we found that inflammasome-related molecules and IL-1 beta in trophoblasts were activated by TNF-alpha derived from lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-stimulated THP-1 cell-conditioned medium (CM) and recombinant TNF-alpha protein. The results demonstrated that stimulation with TNF-alpha caused lysosomal rupture in trophoblasts, which accelerated cathepsin S (CTSS) diffusion from lysosomes to the cytosol and activated NLRP1 (nacht domain-leucine-rich repeat, and pyd-containing protein 1) and absent in melanoma 2 (AIM2) inflammasomes, thereby increasing IL-1 beta secretion. Moreover, in response to LPS challenge, TNF-alpha increased trophoblast cell death and decreased cell viability through inflammasome and CTSS activation. Stearidonic acid (SDA; 18: 4n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3) inhibited inflammasome-related molecule synthesis and CTSS and caspase-1 activation, which further reduced the preterm delivery rate of pregnant mice induced by LPS (92.9 compared with 69.7% (DHA); 92.9 compared with 53.5% (SDA)). Higher expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, prostaglandin E2, and CTSS, but lower resolvin D1 expression, was observed in preterm pregnant mice than in controls. Similarly, resolvin D1 was highly expressed in women with term delivery compared with women with preterm delivery. Thus, SDA and DHA may attenuate macrophage-derived TNF-a inducing CTSS and inflammasome activation, IL-1 beta secretion, and placental trophoblast cell death. These functions are implicated in the preventive effects of SDA and DHA on preterm labor.
The Truth About Fish (Oil) in the Treatment of Dyslipidemia; Purpose of Review To discuss the effect of fish oils on dyslipidemias and associated disorders. Recent Findings The most important lipid effect of fish oils is reducing plasma triglycerides and the main potential protection against cardiovascular events is very probably mediated also through other mechanisms including anti-inflammatory ones. The best results are available for omega-3 fatty acids, namely, eicosapentaenoic acid. Less evidence is available for the impact of omega-3 fatty acids on liver steatosis/steatohepatitis and acute pancreatitis. In addition, particular fish oils have variable content of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids with different anti- or pro-oxidative potential, and the suboptimal ratio of these compounds could attenuate or abolish their beneficial properties. Fish products with optimal proportion of fatty acids, particularly high content of eicosapentaenoic acid, could be recommended to patients with dyslipidemias, especially to those at high risk for cardiovascular disease; less evidence is available for liver disease and acute pancreatitis.
Fish oil supplemented diets and cardiac function in marmoset monkeys: A non-human primate model for the study of cardiac arrhythmia; Several long term epidemiological surveys and some direct intervention trials suggest that long chain omega-3 PUFA rich diets reduce mortality from coronary heart disease. There is evidence that this is due primarily to a reduction in mortality from sustained ventricular fibrillation, cardiac arrhythmia and sudden death. A series of studies utilising the small non-human primate marmoset monkey have shown that diets enriched with fish oil enhance left ventricular ejection fraction and peak emptying rate, elevate the ventricular fibrillation threshold and reduce mortality during ischaemia or catecholamine induced stress. Analysis reveals that there is considerable accumulation of docosahexaenoic acid in the myocardial muscles of these non-human primates and it is suggested that this is a major factor in the decreased susceptibility of the myocardium to develop ventricular fibrillation. A recent experiment in rats subjected to ligation of a major coronary artery supports this suggestion. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Dietary intervention with oil rich fish reduces platelet-monocyte aggregation in man; Background: Dietary intake of fish rich in omega-3 fatty acids is associated with a reduction in cardiovascular events. The mechanisms for this are uncertain and previous studies investigating effects on platelet function have produced inconsistent results. Platelet-monocyte aggregation is a sensitive marker of platelet activation and may contribute to the initiation and progression of atherothrombosis. This study assessed the effect of dietary intervention with oily fish on platelet-monocyte aggregation in healthy subjects.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on heart rate in cardiac transplant recipients; Omega-3 fatty acid (n-3 FA) consumption has been linked to reductions in the risk of death from coronary heart disease and, recently, to lower heart rates (HRs). The investigators previously observed a reduction of 5 beats/min in HR in patients with coronary heart disease given n-3 FAs (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) for 4 months. Reductions in HR may be explained by enhanced vagal tone, influences on cardiac voltage-gated ion channels, or both. The hypothesis that n-3 FAs would affect HR independent of vagal input was investigated by studying the effects of n-3 FA supplementation on HR in patients with denervated hearts after orthotopic heart transplantation. Electrocardiographic data obtained in 2 prospective trials in which 18 heart transplant recipients received n-3 FA supplementation (1 to 3.4 g/day) for 4 to 6 months were collected. Patients were studied 4.4 +/- 2.6 years after transplantation. HR, QRS complex, and QTc duration were determined before and after treatment. Pretreatment HR was reduced from 88 +/- 14 to 83 +/- 13 beats/min after n-3 FA treatment (p = 0.016). QRS duration increased from 107 +/- 24 to 117 +/- 25 ms (p = 0.001). QTc duration remained unchanged from baseline (427 +/- 34 ms) to study end (424 +/- 39 ms). In conclusion, n-3 FA supplementation reduced HR and prolonged QRS duration in heart transplant recipients who were presumably devoid of vagal innervation. These findings suggest that n-3 FAs may modify'electrophysiologic properties of the myocardium itself. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Additive benefits of long-chain <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and weight-loss in the management of cardiovascular disease risk in overweight hyperinsulinaemic women; Background: Obesity, inflammation, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk are inter-related. Both weight-loss and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) are independently known to reduce metabolic risk, but the combined effects are unclear.
Dietary prevention of post-angioplasty restenosis. From illusion and disillusion to pragmatism; Prevention of restenosis and major cardiac events after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is of enormous public health importance. Despite the considerable decrease in the restenosis rate in relation to the advent of the drug-eluting stents, it is likely that the complication will still occur in some patients and/or after a certain delay. Thus, dietary or systemic drug prevention will probably have a role in the drama in the future, although the way they can be used is not clear at present. This discussion focuses on the dietary approach of post-PCI restenosis because, among the many drugs that have been tested, none has been consistently shown to be helpful- with the exception of the potent antioxidant drug probucol-, whereas the results of several dietary trials have been encouraging. As discussed in the present issue of NMCD, vitamins of the B group were recently shown to decrease the risk of restenosis, supposedly through an effect on homocysteine metabolization. It seems, however, that homocysteine is a minor risk factor of post-PCI restenosis. On the other hand, 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (the active form of folic acid) was shown to improve endothelial function independently from homocysteine. Thus, folic acid could prevent restenosis not only by reducing homocysteine, but also by promoting nitric oxide formation. Because of their potential to prevent post-PCI restenosis and acute cardiac complications, n-3 fatty acids have been the most widely studied post-PCI medical intervention. Taken together, trial data suggest that if n-3 fatty acids can be useful in certain populations to prevent restenosis, their effects are probably weak. However, according to recent studies on endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) gene polymorphisms, it is likely that only certain patients could benefit from n-3 fatty acid supplementation. The same reasoning can probably apply to the folic acid and eNOS issue. In conclusion, although none has been concluding, the studies about n-3 fatty acids and folic acid after PCI suggest that certain nutrients (or more probably a combination of nutrients) may be useful for the prevention of post-PCI restenosis. Any future trial involving these nutrients should combine them and take into account some major genetic confounders. In the meantime, it is medically and ethically justified to supplement our CHD patients after PCI. They should receive n-3 fatty acids to prevent sudden cardiac death, and B group vitamins (at the dosages tested in the Swiss Heart Study) to decrease the risk of restenosis. This would be, at least, a low cost intervention, and there is no fear of adverse side effects, contrary to those one can expect from drug treatments. (C) 2003, Medikal Press.
Omega-3 fatty acids for inflamed depression - A match/mismatch study; Despite decades of research on the pathophysiology of depression, the development of new therapeutic interventions has been slow, and no biomarkers of treatment response have been clinically implemented. Several lines of evidence suggest that the clinical and biological heterogeneity among patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) has hampered progress in this field. MDD with low-grade inflammation - "inflamed depression " - is a subtype of depression that may be associated with a superior antidepressant treatment response to antiinflammatory compounds. Omega -3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has anti-inflammatory properties, and preliminary data suggest that it may be particularly efficacious in inflamed depression. In this study we tested the hypothesis that add-on EPA has greater antidepressant efficacy in MDD patients with high baseline high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) compared to MDD patients with low hs-CRP. All subjects received 2.2 g EPA, 400 mg docosahexaenoic acid and 800 mg of other fatty acids daily for 8 weeks, added to stable ongoing antidepressant treatment. The primary outcome was change in the 17 -item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17). Patients and raters were blind to baseline hs-CRP status. In an intention-to-treat analysis including all subjects with at least one post baseline visit (n = 101), a hs-CRP cut -off of >= 1 mg/L, but not >= 3 mg/ L, was associated with a greater improvement in HAMD-17 total score. In addition to a general antidepressant effect among patients with hs-CRP >= 1 mg/L, adjuvant EPA treatment improved symptoms putatively related to inflamed depression such as fatigue and sleep difficulties. This adds to the mounting evidence that delineation of MDD subgroups based on inflammation may be clinically relevant to predict treatment response to antiinflammatory interventions.
Efficacy of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids according to clinical characteristics of patients with recent myocardial infarction: insights from the GISSI-Prevenzione trial; The GISSI-Prevenzione trial established the efficacy of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) for reducing mortality in patients after recent myocardial infarction. The generalisability of such results to clinical practice could vary according to other individual patient characteristics. We analysed the GISSI-Prevenzione database to assess whether other major risk factors, comorbidities, dietary habits, or medications could interact with the efficacy of n-3 PUFA treatment to reduce total mortality. We found no evidence that concomitant disease states, habits, or interventions altered the therapeutic benefit of n-3 PUFA consumption in survivors of recent myocardial infarction.
Effects of Epeleuton, a Novel Synthetic Second-Generation n-3 Fatty Acid, on Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, Triglycerides, Glycemic Control, and Cardiometabolic and Inflammatory Markers; Background Epeleuton is 15-hydroxy eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester, a second-generation synthetic n-3 fatty acid derivative of eicosapentaenoic acid. The primary objective was to assess the effect of epeleuton on markers of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) with post hoc analyses of cardiometabolic markers.
Effect of the administration of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on circulating levels of microparticles in patients with a previous myocardial infarction; Background
The Relationship between Circulating Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels and Exercise Responses of Patients with Non-ischemic Heart Failure; Objective Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are associated with heart failure (HF) as well as coronary artery disease. However, little is known about the relationships between PUFAs and the exercise responses of patients with HF. We evaluated the relationships between PUFAs and the parameters of cardiopulmonary exercise tests (CPETs) in patients with non-ischemic HF.
The role of fat in the diet - quantity, quality and sustainability; Dietary fat should supply at least 15% of food energy including 2.5% energy and 0.5% energy as linoleic acid and alpha-linolenic acid respectively: docosahexaenoic acid may also need to be supplied in infants. The proportion of energy from fat is not linked to risk of obesity, cardiovascular disease and cancer. The total cholesterol/ HDL cholesterol, which is the most robust lipid indicator of risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), is lowered by unsaturated fatty acids, increased by trans fatty acids and not affected by saturated fatty acids compared with carbohydrates. Using clinical outcomes as endpoints, trans fatty acids increase, polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease and monounsaturated and saturated fatty acids have no effect on CHD risk. Recent recommendations for the prevention of CHD suggest partial replacement of saturated with polyunsaturated fatty acids to give energy intakes in the range of 6-11% energy and a daily intake of 0.25 g long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The recommendation to increase the intake of longchain n-3 fatty acids needs to be considered against the backdrop of falling fish stocks; it is likely that a novel source will be needed in the future. The projected growth in world population will require more fat, mainly for food energy. The oil palm requires only one tenth of the land required by oil seeds to produce the same amount of oil. The impact of increased use of vegetable oils as biodiesel needs to be urgently reconsidered owing to the adverse environmental and economic consequences to people living in South East Asia.
Fish oils, lipids and coronary artery disease; The fish oil n-3 fatty acids modify key risk factors for coronary disease. This is partly related to effects on lipid metabolism and partly to effects on vascular function, which are influenced by plasma and tissue lipids.
Effect of Intradialytic Intravenous Administration of ω-3 Fatty Acids on Nutritional Status and Inflammatory Response in Hemodialysis Patients: A Pilot Study; Objective: Because omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may have anti-inflammatory properties, we tested the hypothesis that intradialytic, intravenous omega-3 PUFA treatment, combined with dietary supplementation, can modify the inflammatory response to dialysis, and influence the nutritional status of hemodialysis (HID) patients.
Effects of oleic-rich and omega-3-rich diets on serum lipid pattern and lipid oxidation in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients; Aims: To evaluate which dietary fat elicits the best response in terms of plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and oxidative processes. Methods: After a 4-week run-in period, 14 mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects were fed two balanced diets for 6-week periods. During the first intervention period, patients received a monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) enriched diet (olive oil diet). During the second period this diet was supplemented by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (n-3 diet). Results., After the olive oil diet, a significant decrease in total serum cholesterol (-8.54%, P< 0.01), and in apolipoprotein B (Apo B) (-10.0%, P < 0.01) was observed. With the addition of n-3 fatty acids no further significant changes in serum lipid concentrations were found. However, the n-3 diet was followed by an increase in lipoperoxides in isolated native low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (67.23%, P< 0.01). Conclusions: A beneficial effect on the serum lipid pattern was observed with the olive oil-enriched diet. The lack of further beneficial modifications on blood lipids and lipoproteins and the increase in the oxidative susceptibility of LDL observed after the addition of n-3 PUFA to the olive oil diet does not favor the use of this diet in hypercholesterolemic patients if it is not associated with a high intake of antioxidants. (C) 2002, Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Novel Self-Micro-Emulsifying Delivery System Enhances Enrichment of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid after Single and Repeated Dosing in Healthy Adults in a Randomized Trial; Background: A self-micro-emulsifying delivery system (SMEDS) promotes spontaneous emulsification of omega-3 (n-3) ethyl esters (EEs) into microdroplets in the stomach.
Oral omega n3-PUFA therapy (Omacor) has no impact on indices of heart rate variability in stable post myocardial infarction patients; To determine the effects of n3-PUFA supplementation, in the dose used in the GISSI-Prevenzione study, on indices of heart rate variability (HRV) in patients following myocardial infarction (AMI).
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D in the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL): Clinical and demographic characteristics associated with baseline and change with randomized vitamin D treatment; Background: The VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) is a completed randomized, placebo-controlled trial of vitamin D-3 (2000 IU/day) and marine omega-3 (1 g/day) supplements in the primary prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease. Here we examine baseline and change in 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and related biomarkers with randomized treatment and by clinical factors.
Serum <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids, fish consumption and cancer mortality in six Japanese populations in Japan and Brazil; Japanese people consume significant amounts of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) derived from fish, but the association of PUFAs with cancer mortality has not been fully investigated. To study geographic differences in n-3 PUFAs intake, we compared serum fatty acid and dietary fish intake among various Japanese populations having different rates of cancer mortality. The subjects were 50 men from each of five regions in Japan and 47 Japanese men from Sao Paulo, Brazil, All mere randomly selected and aged 40 to 49 years. Serum fatty acids were measured by gas chromatography and the frequency of fish intake was obtained by a food frequency questionnaire. Significant geographic differences in serum fatty acid levels (% of total fatty acids) and fish intake (days/4 weeks) were observed. The percentages of serum total PUFA were similar in the six regions, though there was an almost three-fold differcnce in n-3 PUFAs content between Brazil (3.9%) and Akita (10.9%). The frequency of total fish intake corresponded to serum n-3 PUFAs composition. The relationship between cancer mortality and serum n-3 PUFAs levels was not clear, though an inverse association between prostate cancer and serum n-3 PUFAs levels appeared to exist. The results suggest that although serum n-3 PUFAs varied significantly, the observed geographic difference did not account for the different cancer risks at the population level.
Effect of Norwegian fish powder on risk factors for coronary heart disease among hypercholesterolemic individuals; Background and Aim: Numerous studies suggest an association between high intake of fatty fish and reduced risk of coronary heart disease. Very long-chain omega-3 fatty acids are thought to be responsible for the benefits observed, though other fatty fish components may act in concert with them. Norwegian fish powder is a dry herring product that contains essential amino acids, marine omega-3 fatty acids, vitamins and minerals. The aim of the present study was to determine whether it has beneficial effects on risk factors for coronary heart disease in man.
-Linolenic acid attenuates doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity in rats through suppression of oxidative stress and apoptosis; Doxorubicin (DOX), a widely used anti-tumor drug, can give rise to severe cardiotoxicity by oxidative stress and cell apoptosis, which restricts its clinical application. -Linolenic acid (ALA) has been shown to serve as a potent cardioprotective agent. The aim of this study was to explore the protective effects of ALA on DOX-induced cardiotoxicity and the underlying molecular mechanisms for this cardioprotection in rats. Rats were randomly divided into four groups and administrated with normal saline, ALA (500 g/kg), DOX (2.5 mg/kg), or ALA (500 g/kg) plus DOX (2.5 mg/kg) for 17 days. The results showed that DOX treatment significantly increased the heart weight/body weight, liver wet weight (WW)/dry weight (DW), lung WW/DW, serum levels of brain natriuretic peptide, creatine kinase-MB, lactate dehydrogenase, and cardiac troponin I, myocardial necrosis and myocardial malondialdehyde content, and induced the mRNA expression of Nrf2 in the nucleus, cleaved caspase-3, Bax, and superoxide dismutase (SOD). In addition, DOX led to a significant decrease in left ventricular end-diastolic volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction, SOD, glutathione-peroxidase, catalase, as well as the expression of Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1) in the cytoplasm, phospho-AKT, phospho-ERK, and Bcl-2. Co-treatment with ALA significantly eliminated these changes induced by DOX except further reduction of Keap1 and elevation of Nrf2 and SOD mRNA. These results showed the cardioprotective effects of ALA on DOX-induced cardiotoxicity in rats. The mechanisms might be associated with the enhancement of antioxidant defense system through activating Keap1/Nrf2 pathway and anti-apoptosis through activating protein kinase B/extracellular signal regulated kinase pathway. Our results suggested a promising future of ALA-based preventions and therapies for myocardial damage after administration of DOX.
'Food for Thought'-The Relationship between Diet and Cognition in Breast and Colorectal Cancer Survivors: A Feasibility Study; Survivors of cancer frequently experience persistent and troublesome cognitive changes. Little is known about the role diet and nutrition plays in survivors' cognition. We explored the feasibility of collecting cross-sectional online data from Australian survivors of breast and colorectal cancer to enable preliminary investigations of the relationships between cognition with fruit and vegetable intake, and the Omega-3 Index (a biomarker of long chain omega 3 fatty acid intake). A total of 76 participants completed online (and postal Omega-3 Index biomarker) data collection (62 breast and 14 colorectal cancer survivors): mean age 57.5 (+/- 10.2) years, mean time since diagnosis 32.6 (+/- 15.6) months. Almost all of the feasibility outcomes were met; however, technical difficulties were reported for online cognitive testing. In hierarchical linear regression models, none of the dietary variables of interest were significant predictors of self-reported or objective cognition. Age, BMI, and length of treatment predicted some of the cognitive outcomes. We demonstrated a viable online/postal data collection method, with participants reporting positive levels of engagement and satisfaction. Fruit, vegetable, and omega-3 intake were not significant predictors of cognition in this sample, however the role of BMI in survivors ' cognitive functioning should be further investigated. Future research could adapt this protocol to longitudinally monitor diet and cognition to assess the impact of diet on subsequent cognitive function, and whether cognitive changes impact dietary habits in survivors of cancer.
Fatty fish and fish omega-3 fatty acid intakes decrease the breast cancer risk: a case-control study; Background: Although it is believed that fish omega-3 fatty acids may decrease breast cancer risk, epidemiological evidence has been inconclusive. This study examined the association between fish and fish omega-3 fatty acids intake with the risk of breast cancer in a case-control study of Korean women.
n-3 PUFAs and cardiovascular disease prevention; Today, there are several observational and experimental studies, especially clinical randomized trials, that have proven the beneficial effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The most compelling evidence for the cardiovascular benefits of n-3 PUFAs comes from studies of primary prevention in patients following myocardial infarction, and most recently, in patients with heart failure. In this review, we analyze the evidence from epidemiologic studies and from large randomized controlled trials showing the benefits of n-3 PUFAs, specifically eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in primary and secondary cardiovascular prevention. Further studies are needed to determine optimal dosing and the relative ratio of DHA and EPA that provide maximal cardioprotection.
Highlights from Studies Presented at the American Heart Association Scientific Session 2020: Navigating New Roads in Prevention; Purpose of the Review This review highlights late-breaking science presented at the American Heart Association Scientific Session 2020 that demonstrated advancements in preventative cardiology and introduced novel treatment approaches for the management of chronic kidney disease, type 2 diabetes, and/or heart failure. Recent Findings The studies reviewed include clinical trials that assessed the use of omecamtiv in the treatment of heart failure with reduced heart failure (GALACTIC-HF); effects of sotagliflozin in patients with diabetes and recent heart failure exacerbation; cardiovascular outcomes with the use of omega-3 carboxylic acids in patients with high vascular risk and atherogenic dyslipidemia (STRENGTH) and omega-3 fatty acids in elderly patients with recent myocardial infarction (OMEMI); efficacy and safety of evinacumab in patients with refractory hypercholesterolemia; and the use of coronary computed tomography angiography for the assessment of suspected acute coronary syndrome. In addition, we review the results of the International Polycaps Study (TIPS-3) on the use of a polypill for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in intermediate-risk people. Finally, we discuss the SAMSON trial-a three-arm-N-of-1 trial-to identify the root cause of the symptoms contributing to patient nonadherence to statin therapy. The studies presented at the American Heart Association Scientific Session 2020 represent remarkable contributions in the field of cardiovascular disease and prevention.
Role of Mercury Toxicity in Hypertension, Cardiovascular Disease, and Stroke; Mercury has a high affinity for sulfhydryl groups, inactivating numerous enzymatic reactions, amino acids, and sulfur-containing antioxidants (N-acetyl-L-cysteine, alpha-lipoic acid, L-glutathione), with subsequent decreased oxidant defense and increased oxidative stress. Mercury binds to metallothionein and substitute for zinc, copper, and other trace metals, reducing the effectiveness of metalloenzymes. Mercury induces mitochondrial dysfunction with reduction in adenosine triphosphate, depletion of glutathione, and increased lipid peroxidation. Increased oxidative stress and reduced oxidative defense are common. Selenium and fish containing omega-3 fatty acids antagonize mercury toxicity. The overall vascular effects of mercury include increased oxidative stress and inflammation, reduced oxidative defense, thrombosis, vascular smooth muscle dysfunction, endothelial dysfunction, dyslipidemia, and immune and mitochondrial dysfunction. The clinical consequences of mercury toxicity include hypertension, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, cardiac arrhythmias, reduced heart rate variability, increased carotid intima-media thickness and carotid artery obstruction, cerebrovascular accident, generalized atherosclerosis, and renal dysfunction, insufficiency, and proteinuria. Pathological, biochemical, and functional medicine correlations are significant and logical. Mercury diminishes the protective effect of fish and omega-3 fatty acids. Mercury inactivates catecholaminei-0-methyl transferase, which increases serum and urinary epinephrine, norepinephrine, and dopamine. This effect will increase blood pressure and may be a clinical clue to mercury-induced heavy metal toxicity. Mercury toxicity should be evaluated in any patient with hypertension, coronary heart disease, cerebral vascular disease, cerebrovascular accident, or other vascular disease. Specific testing for acute and chronic toxicity and total body burden using hair, toenail, urine, and serum should be performed. J Clin Hypertens (Greenwich). 2011; 13: 621-627. (C)2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Impact of the Mediterranean Dietary pattern on n-3 fatty acid tissue levels-A systematic review; Introduction: The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) is described as a plant-based dietary pattern with adherence associated with reductions in chronic disease risk and longevity. Although the nutrient profile is diverse and complex, the MedDiet is often described as a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) derived from fish, seafood and nuts. However, whether MedDiet adherence results in appreciable increases in tissue levels of n3 PUFAs is yet to be systematically investigated. This systematic review synthesized the literature to determine the impact of the MedDiet on n-3 PUFA tissue levels.
Effect of n-3 Long-chain Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Intake during Pregnancy on Maternal, Infant, and Child Health Outcomes: A Systematic Review; Evidence from observational studies and randomised trials has suggested a potential association between intake of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) during pregnancy and certain pregnancy and birth outcomes. Marine foods (e.g. fatty sea fish, algae) and select freshwater fish contain pre-formed n-3 LCPUFA, which serve as precursors for bioactive molecules (e.g. prostaglandins) that influence a variety of biological processes. The main objective of this analysis was to summarise evidence of the effect of n-3 LCPUFA intake during pregnancy on select maternal and child health outcomes. Searches were performed in PubMed, EMBASE, and other electronic databases to identify trials where n-3 LCPUFA were provided to pregnant women for at least one trimester of pregnancy. Data were extracted into a standardised abstraction table and pooled analyses were conducted using RevMan software. Fifteen randomised controlled trials were eligible for inclusion in the meta-analysis, and 14 observational studies were included in the general review. n-3 LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a modest increase in birthweight (mean difference = 42.2 g; [95% CI 14.8, 69.7]) and no significant differences in birth length or head circumference. Women receiving n-3 LCPUFA had a 26% lower risk of early preterm delivery (<34 weeks) (RR = 0.74; [95% CI 0.58, 0.94]) and there was a suggestion of decreased risk of preterm delivery (RR = 0.91; [95% CI 0.82, 1.01]) and low birthweight (RR = 0.92; [95% CI 0.83, 1.02]). n-3 LCPUFA in pregnancy did not influence the occurrence of pre-eclampsia, high blood pressure, infant death, or stillbirth. Our review of observational studies revealed mixed findings, with several large studies reporting positive associations between fish intake and birthweight and several reporting no associations. In conclusion, n-3 LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a decreased risk of early preterm delivery and a modest increase in birthweight. More studies in low- and middle-income countries are needed to determine any effect of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation in resource-poor settings, where n-3 PUFA intake is likely low.
Docosahexaenoic acid attenuates the early inflammatory response following spinal cord injury in mice: <i>in</i>-<i>vivo</i> and <i>in</i>-<i>vitro</i> studies; Background: Two families of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), omega-3 (omega-3) and omega-6 (omega-6), are required for physiological functions. The long chain omega-3 PUFAs, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have significant biological effects. In particular, DHA is a major component of cell membranes in the brain. It is also involved in neurotransmission. Spinal cord injury (SCI) is a highly devastating pathology that can lead to catastrophic dysfunction, with a significant reduction in the quality of life. Previous studies have shown that EPA and DHA can exert neuroprotective effects in SCI in mice and rats. The aim of this study was to analyze the mechanism of action of omega-3 PUFAs, such as DHA, in a mouse model of SCI, with a focus on the early pathophysiological processes.
The Effect of a 12-Week Course of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Lipid Parameters in Hypertriglyceridemic Adult HIV-infected Patients Undergoing HAART: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Trial; Background: Hypertriglyceridemia is common in patients with HIV treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART).
Efficacy and safety of prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters for the prevention of recurrent symptomatic atrial fibrillation: A prospective study; Background Atrial fibrillation (AF) continues to be one of the most common cardiac problems, placing an expanding burden on the public health system. In several circumstances, AF can increase the risk of stroke and heart failure. Current pharmacologic treatment options are associated with the potential for significant adverse events, which often outweigh the benefits of achieving sinus rhythm. There is evidence to suggest antiarrhythmic benefits of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; however, the data are not conclusive. This study is designed to further assess the effect of prescription omega-3 ethyl esters (P-OM3) in the prevention of recurrent AF in patients with AF without (significant) structural heart disease.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism in retinal and cerebral microvascular endothelial cells; Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3), an n-3 essential fatty acid derived from elongation and desaturation of linolenic acid (18:3n-3), is found in abundant proportion in the brain and the retina. It is generally assumed that the liver is the major source of 22:6n-3 for these organs, although some retinal and cerebral cells, such as retinal pigment epithelium (Wang and Anderson, 1993. Biochemistry. 32:13703-13709) and brain astrocytes (Moore et al. 1991. J. Neurochem. 56:518-524) have the ability to produce 22:6n-3. The aim of the present study was to determine whether retinal and cerebral microvascular endothelium could synthesize 22:6n-3. After incubation of both cultured bovine retinal and rat cerebral endothelial cells with [3-C-14] 22:5n-3 in presence of serum, radioactivity was primarily recovered in 20:5n-3, indicating active retroconversion reactions in both tissues. However, 22:6n-3, 24:5n-3, and 24:6n-3 were also labeled. All of these metabolites were released in the medium as free fatty acids. Retinal endothelial cells preferentially released labeled 24-carbon metabolites, whereas cerebral endothelial cells released relatively more 20:5n-3 and 22:6n-3. With heat-inactivated serum or no serum, both endothelial cell preparations showed relatively higher retroconversion levels. However, in serum-deprived cells, the elongation/desaturation pattern was affected in retinal cells only, with an accumulation of 24: 5n-3 relative to a decrease of 24:6n-3 and 22:6n-3. Fatty acid composition analyses revealed a decrease in long-chain polyunsaturated n-6 and n-3 fatty acids in retinal cells maintained in inactivated serum compared to normal serum, while no change was found in cerebral cells. Taken together, these results suggest that 1) the synthesis of 22:6n-3 by both retinal and cerebral endothelial cells is independent of a delta 4-desaturase; 2) retinal and cerebral endothelia could be a source of 22:6n-3 for the retina and the brain, respectively; and 3) retinal endothelial delta 6-desaturase, which concerts 24:5n-3 to 24:6n-3, could be stimulated by serum components.
The Effect of Marine <i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Heart Rate Variability in Renal Transplant Recipients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Resting heart rate (rHR) and heart rate variability (HRV) are non-invasive measurements that predict the risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD). Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation may decrease rHR, increase HRV, and reduce the risk of SCD. To date, no studies have investigated the effect of marine n-3 PUFA on HRV in renal transplant recipients. In a randomized controlled trial, 132 renal transplant recipients were randomized to receive either three 1 g capsules of marine n-3 PUFA, each containing 460 mg/g EPA and 380 mg/g DHA, or control (olive oil) for 44 weeks. HRV was calculated in the time and frequency domains during a conventional cardiovascular reflex test (response to standing, deep breathing, and Valsalva maneuver) and during 2 min of resting in the supine position. There was no significant effect of marine n-3 PUFA supplementation on time-domain HRV compared with controls. rHR decreased 3.1 bpm (+/- 13.1) for patients receiving marine n-3 PUFA compared to 0.8 (+/- 11.0) in controls (p = 0.28). In the frequency domain HRV analyses, there was a significant change in response to standing in both high and low frequency measures, 2.9 (p = 0.04, 95% CI (1.1;8)) and 2.7 (p = 0.04, 95% CI (1.1;6.5)), respectively. In conclusion, 44 weeks of supplemental marine n-3 PUFAs in renal transplant recipients significantly improved the cardiac autonomic function, assessed by measuring HRV during conventional cardiovascular reflex tests.
Red Blood Cells' Omega-6 and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Have a Distinct Influence on LDL Particle Size and its Structural Modifications; Background: While Omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 and n-6 PUFAs) have established effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, little is known about their impacts on LDL quality markers.Objective: To assess the associations of n-3 and n-6 PUFA within red blood cells (RBC) with LDL particle size, small dense LDL-c (sdLDL-c), and electronegative LDL [LDL(-)] in adults with CVD risk factors. Methods: Cross-sectional study involving 335 men and women aged 30 to 74 with at least one cardiovascular risk factor. Analyses were conducted on biochemical parameters, such as glucose, insulin, HbA1c, C-reactive protein (CRP), lipid profile, lipoprotein subfractions, electronegative LDL particle [LDL(-)] and its autoantibody, and RBC n-3 and n-6 PUFAs. Independent t-test/Mann-Whitney test, one-way ANOVA/Kruskal-Wallis test, and multiple linear regressions were applied. All tests were two-sided, and a p-value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The RBC n-6/n-3 ratio was associated with increased LDL(-) (I3 = 4.064; 95% CI = 1.381 - 6.748) and sdLDL-c (I3 = 1.905; 95% CI = 0.863 - 2.947) levels, and reduced LDL particle size (I3 =-1.032; 95% CI =-1.585 --0.478). Separately, n-6 and n-3 PUFAs had opposing associations with those parameters, reinforcing the protective effects of n-3 and showing the potential negative effects of n-6 on LDL particle quality. Conclusion: RBC n-6 PUFA was associated with increased cardiometabolic risk and atherogenicity of LDL particles, while n-3 PUFA was associated with better cardiometabolic parameters and LDL particle quality.
Why and How Meet n-3 PUFA Dietary Recommendations?; Obesity and the metabolic syndrome are systemic inflammatory diseases reaching epidemic proportions. Contemporary changes in human nutrition occurred characterized by increased consumption of fat and of vegetable oils rich in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) together with decrease in n-3 PUFA-rich foods, resulting in an n-6/n-3 ratio of 10-20/1 in Western diet for a ratio around 1/1 in the diet of our ancestors. The literature provides compelling evidence for the health benefit of n-3 PUFA consumption on inflammation and metabolic syndrome prevention and treatment. Such evidence led to the establishment of comprehensive recommendations. However, we show here that, both in collective catering proposed to children and in hospital diet, it is not straightforward to meet such recommendations. Willingness of governments to institute changes, with accountable decisions on catering, nutritional education, and food processing, is required to face our neglected responsibility in promoting balanced diet and consumption of foods rich in essential nutrients in the general population.
The evidence for dietary prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease; During the past few decades numerous studies have reported the atherogenic potential of saturated fatty acids, trans-fatty acids, and cholesterol, and beneficial effects of fiber, phytostanols/phytosterols, n-3 fatty acids, a Mediterranean diet, and other plant-based approaches. The purpose of this article is to provide a comprehensive and systematic review of the evidence associated with key dietary factors and risk of cardiovascular disease-an umbrella term encompassing diseases that affect the heart and blood vessels, including coronary heart disease, coronary artery disease, dyslipidemia, and hypertension-in conjunction with the work of the American Dietetic Association Evidence Analysis Library review on diet and lipids, updated with new evidence from the past 2 years. The criteria used and results cited provide scientific rationale for food and nutrition professionals and other health professionals for counseling patients. Details of these searches are available within the American Dietetic Association Evidence Analysis Library online (http://adaevidencelibrary.com). Potential mechanisms and needs for future research are summarized for each relevant nutrient, food, or food component.
DIETARY-INTAKE, METABOLISM, EFFECTS, AND SIDE-EFFECTS OF N-3 FATTY-ACIDS; Polyunsaturated fatty acids are essential constituents of cell membrane lipids, and eicosanoids, derived from them, are involved in inflammatory, immunologic, allergic and neoplastic reactions of the cell. In several diseases, observed with increasing frequency in western communities, e.g. atherosclerosis, a stimulated eicosanoid biosynthesis has been reported. Research of the past decade has shown that eicosanoid production is dependent on the dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially n-3 fatty acids have been shown to inhibit eicosanoid formation. Moreover, a competition between n-6 and n-3 fatty acids has become known, in which the equilibrium between these polyunsaturated fatty acids is more important than the concentration of one component. World fat production shows a prevalence of n-6 fatty acids. These results disclose new perspectives for nutritional therapy, which until now have not been entirely employed in modern dietetics. It is a challenge for the fat producing industry to manufacture fats, which meet the prerequisites needed for the prevention and the therapy of diseases prevalent in western communities.
Epimorphin-derived peptide antagonists remedy epidermal parakeratosis triggered by unsaturated fatty acid; Background: Unsaturated fatty acid from accumulated sebum disrupts calcium influx in keratinocytes and triggers epidermal hyperplasia, leading to comedone formation in the skin. Oleic acid, a representative unsaturated fatty acid, has been shown to be a useful reagent to induce these cellular alternations, however, the detailed mechanism still remains to be elucidated.
Rationale and use of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids in artificial nutrition; Lipids traditionally used in artificial nutrition are based on n-6 fatty acid-rich vegetable oils like soyabean oil. This may not be optimal because it may present an excessive supply of linoleic acid. One alternative to the use of soyabean oil is its partial replacement by fish oil, which contains n-3 fatty acids. These fatty acids influence inflammatory and immune responses and so may be useful in particular situations where those responses are not optimal. Fish oil-containing lipid emulsions have been used in parenteral nutrition in adult patients post-surgery (mainly gastrointestinal). This has been associated with alterations in patterns of inflammatory mediators and in immune function and, in some studies, a reduction in length of intensive care unit (ICU) and hospital stay. Perioperative administration of fish oil may be superior to post-operative. Parenteral fish oil has been used in critically ill adults. Here the influence on inflammatory processes, immune function and clinical endpoints is not clear, since there are too few studies and those that are available report contradictory findings. Fish oil is included in combination with other nutrients in various enteral formulas. In post-surgical patients and in those with mild sepsis or trauma, there is clinical benefit from a formula including fish oil and arginine. A formula including fish oil, borage oil and antioxidants has demonstrated marked benefits on gas exchange, ventilation requirement, new organ failures, ICU stay and mortality in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome, acute lung injury or severe sepsis.
Dietary supplementation with <i>n</i>-3 PUFA does not promote weight loss when combined with a very-low-energy diet; Obesity is associated with elevated levels of inflammation and metabolic abnormalities which are linked to CVD. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether long-chain n-3 PUFA (LCn-3PUFA), combined with a very-low-energy diet (VLED), facilitated weight loss and weight maintenance, and improvements in blood lipids and inflammatory mediators. This was a double-blind, randomised, controlled trial with two parallel groups. For 14 weeks, one group consumed 6 x 1 g capsules/d of monounsaturated oil (placebo group, PB), and the other group consumed 6 x 1 g capsules/d of LCn-3PUFA (fish oil group, FO), each comprising 70 mg EPA and 270 mg DHA. Both groups were on VLED for 4 weeks (n 14 PB, n 18 FO), which was then followed by 10 weeks of weight maintenance (n 12 PB, n 17 FO). Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3 d food diaries were collected at baseline, at 4 and 14 weeks. A greater-than-2-fold increase occurred in plasma levels of EPA and DHA in the FO group (P<0.001). At 4 weeks, the mean weight loss was 6.54 (SD 2.08) kg (-6.9%) for PB and -6.87 (SD 1.83) kg (-7.7%) for FO. At week 14, after the maintenance phase, there was a further mean decrease in weight, -1.57 (SD 3.7) kg (1.85%) for PB and -1.69 (SD 2.32) kg (-1.9%) for FO. Both groups experienced improved metabolic profiles and there was a significant reduction in fat mass for the FO group at week 14 but not for PB. However, it would appear that supplementation with LCn-3PUFA had no significant effect on weight loss or weight maintenance over the 14 weeks.
Brain-heart connection and the risk of cardiovascular disease; There is evidence that interaction of stress, type A behaviour, depression with environmental factors can predispose autonomic dysfunctions leading to cardiovascular disease(CVD). Autonomic functions such as increased sympathetic and parasympathetic activity and the brains suprachiasmatic nucleus, higher nervous centres, depression, hostility, aggression appear to be important determinant of heart rate variability(HRV) which is an important risk factor of myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, sudden death, heart failure and atherosclerosis. The circadian rhythm of these complications causing increased occurrence in second quarter of the day may be due to autonomic dysfunction as well as due to presence of excitatatory brain and heart tissues. While increased sympathetic activity is associated with increased levels of cortisol, catecholamines, serotonin, renin, aldosterone, angiotensin and free radicals; increased parasympathetic activity may be associated with greater levels of acetylecholine, dopamine, nitric oxide, endorphins, coenzyme Q10,antioxidants and other protective factors. Recent studies indicate that hyperglycemia, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, ambient pollution, insulin resistance, mental stress can increase the risk of low HRV: It seems that these risk factors which are known to predispose cardiovascular disease act by decreasing HRV. There is evidence that regular fasting may modulate HRV and other risk factors of heart attack. While exercise is known to decrease HRV, exercise training may not have any adverse effect on HRV.
Factorial study of the effect of n-3 fatty acid supplementation and atorvastatin on the kinetics of HDL apolipoproteins A-I and AII in men with abdominal obesity; Background: Disturbed HDL metabolism in insulin-resistant, obese subjects may account for an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Fish oils and atorvastatin increase plasma HDL cholesterol, but the underlying mechanisms responsible for this change are not fully understood.
Low Levels of Serum n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Are Associated With Worse Heart Failure-Free Survival in Patients After Acute Myocardial Infarction; Background: Intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), including docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), is associated with a lower risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular events, particularly acute myocardial infarction (AMI). However, limited data are available regarding the association between serum n-3 PUFA levels and heart failure (HF) events in survivors of AMI.
THE ROLE AND SIGNIFICANCE OF OMEGA 3 FATTY ACIDS; Fatty acids constitute the basic building material, from which human organisms draw structural compounds for their cells, tissues, and organs, as well as compounds to synthetize some biologically active substances. From among the fatty acids, the long-chain polyenic fatty acids are of the highest significance. The results of many studies have proved that polyenic fatty acids stimulate the cardiovascular system, as well as play a key role in the development of nervous system during intrauterine life and in early childhood. Based on the mode of action of polyenic fatty acids that has been explained, it will be possible to properly balance human diet in order to get and keep good health.
Functional lipid components for obesity management: a review; Obesity is globally acknowledged as a major public health concern and future threat which is associated with its co-morbidities in particular diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, osteoarthritis, stroke and inflammatory diseases. It was suggested that a high-fat diet promotes the development of obesity and that there is a direct relationship between the amount of dietary fat and the degree of obesity. Fats and oils, particularly higher molecular weight and saturated fats, lead to a positive fat balance, and consequent adipose mass accumulation; therefore, for good health, the type of fats/oils people eat is far more important that the amount, and there is some evidence that the same may be true for weight control. Advancements in food processing sector and modernisation of the societies lead to changes in lifestyle which attracts the consumers to modify their diet accordingly. Therefore, there is great scope of designer foods that could help in prevention or management of obesity. Lipid components, including medium chain triglycerides (MCTs), diacylglycerides (DAGs), conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) and omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) are extensively studied for their anti-obesity effects. The same may give a way in the area of research on weight management by incorporating them in the regular diet or in food formulation as functional components because of their beneficial effects on energy intake and expenditure. (C) All Rights Reserved.
The Heat Shock Transcription Factor HsfA Plays a Role in Membrane Lipids Biosynthesis Connecting Thermotolerance and Unsaturated Fatty Acid Metabolism in Aspergillus fumigatus; Thermotolerance is a remarkable virulence attribute of Aspergillus fumigatus, but the consequences of heat shock (HS) to the cell membrane of this fungus are unknown, although this structure is one of the first to detect changes in ambient temperature that imposes on the cell a prompt adaptative response. Under high-temperature stress, fungi trigger the HS response controlled by heat shock transcription factors, such as HsfA, which regulates the expression of heat shock proteins. In yeast, smaller amounts of phospholipids with unsaturated fatty acid (FA) chains are synthesized in response to HS, directly affecting plasma membrane composition. The addition of double bonds in saturated FA is catalyzed by Delta 9-fatty acid desaturases, whose expression is temperature-modulated. However, the relationship between HS and saturated/unsaturated FA balance in membrane lipids of A. fumigatus in response to HS has not been investigated. Here, we found that HsfA responds to plasma membrane stress and has a role in sphingolipid and phospholipid unsaturated biosynthesis. In addition, we studied the A. fumigatus Delta 9-fatty acid desaturase sdeA and discovered that this gene is essential and required for unsaturated FA biosynthesis, although it did not directly affect the total levels of phospholipids and sphingolipids. sdeA depletion significantly sensitizes mature A. fumigatus biofilms to caspofungin. Also, we demonstrate that hsfA controls sdeA expression, while SdeA and Hsp90 physically interact. Our results suggest that HsfA is required for the adaptation of the fungal plasma membrane to HS and point out a sharp relationship between thermotolerance and FA metabolism in A. fumigatus.IMPORTANCE Aspergillus fumigatus causes invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, a life-threatening infection accounting for high mortality rates in immunocompromised patients. The ability of this organism to grow at elevated temperatures is long recognized as an essential attribute for this mold to cause disease. A. fumigatus responds to heat stress by activating heat shock transcription factors and chaperones to orchestrate cellular responses that protect the fungus against damage caused by heat. Concomitantly, the cell membrane must adapt to heat and maintain physical and chemical properties such as the balance between saturated/unsaturated fatty acids. However, how A. fumigatus connects these two physiological responses is unclear. Here, we explain that HsfA affects the synthesis of complex membrane lipids such as phospholipids and sphingolipids and controls the enzyme SdeA, which produces monounsaturated fatty acids, raw material for membrane lipids. These findings suggest that forced dysregulation of saturated/unsaturated fatty acid balance might represent novel strategies for antifungal therapy.
Nutrients in Fish and Possible Associations with Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Metabolic Syndrome; Non-communicable diseases (NSDs) are responsible for two-thirds of all deaths globally, whereas cardiovascular disease (CVD) alone counts for nearly half of them. To reduce the impact of CVD, targeting modifiable risk factors comprised in metabolic syndrome (e.g., waist circumference, lipid profile, blood pressure, and blood glucose) is of great importance. Beneficial effects of fish consumption on CVD has been revealed over the past decades, and some studies suggest that fish consumption may have a protective role in preventing metabolic syndrome. Fish contains a variety of nutrients that may contribute to health benefits. This review examines current recommendations for fish intake as a source of various nutrients (proteins, n-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, iodine, selenium, and taurine), and their effects on metabolic syndrome and the CVD risk factors. Fatty fish is recommended due to its high levels of n-3 fatty acids, however lean fish also contains nutrients that may be beneficial in the prevention of CVD.
Attenuating effects of omega-3 fatty acids (Omegaven) on irradiation-induced intestinal injury in mice; Gastrointestinal injury is a major cause of death following exposure to high levels of irradiation, and no effective treatments are currently available. In this study, we examined the effect of omega-3 fatty acids (Omegaven) on intestinal injury of BALB/c mice induced by irradiation. Intravenously administered 3 days prior to irradiation for 7 consecutive days, Omegaven was shown to improve survival, intestinal morphology including villous height, crypt height and mucosal thickness and the intestinal proliferation compared with saline control. Omegaven also normalized the levels of circulating tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), attenuated the increase of diamino oxidase (DAO) activity and malondialdehyde (MDA) level and recovered the decrease of superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity. Meanwhile, Omegaven attenuated the myelosuppression caused by irradiation. In conclusion, our results suggest that Omegaven enhanced the survival of irradiated mice and minimized the effects of radiation on gastrointestinal injury. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Isolation, Identification, and Biochemical Characteristics of a Cold-Tolerant <i>Chlorella vulgaris</i> KNUA007 Isolated from King George Island, Antarctica; A cold-tolerant unicellular green alga was isolated from a meltwater stream on King George Island, Antarctica. Morphological, molecular, and biochemical analyses revealed that the isolate belonged to the species Chlorella vulgaris. We tentatively named this algal strain C. vulgaris KNUA007 and investigated its growth and lipid composition. We found that the strain was able to thrive in a wide range of temperatures, from 5 to 30 degrees C; however, it did not survive at 35 degrees C. Ultimate analysis confirmed high gross calorific values only at low temperatures (10 degrees C), with comparable values to land plants for biomass fuel. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis revealed that the isolate was rich in nutritionally important polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The major fatty acid components were hexadecatrienoic acid (C16:3 omega 3, 17.31%), linoleic acid (C18:2 omega 6, 8.52%), and alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3 omega 3, 43.35%) at 10 degrees C. The microalga was tolerant to low temperatures, making it an attractive candidate for the production of biochemicals under cold weather conditions. Therefore, this Antarctic microalga may have potential as an alternative to fish and/or plant oils as a source of omega-3 PUFA. The temperature tolerance and composition of C. vulgaris KNUA007 also make the isolate desirable for commercial applications in the pharmaceutical industry.
Bariatric surgery reduces fasting total fatty acids and increases n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in morbidly obese individuals; Background: Obesity is a global pandemic leading to increased mortality and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Bariatric surgery is an established treatment of obesity leading to weight loss and reduction of mortality. To further elucidate how bariatric surgery improves metabolic control, we explored the fatty acid (FA) profiles in morbidly obese subjects treated with lifestyle intervention and subsequent bariatric surgery.
A systematic review on the impact of nutrition and possible supplementation on the deficiency of vitamin complexes, iron, omega-3-fatty acids, and lycopene in relation to increased morbidity in women after menopause; A balanced and healthy diet during the menopausal transition and after menopause is crucial for women to reduce the risk for morbidities and chronic diseases due to deficiency of essential nutrients.
Low level of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in erythrocytes is a risk factor for both acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke in Koreans; Evidence suggesting an association between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and stroke risk has been inconsistent, possibly because previous studies have not differentiated between different stroke types The present study investigated the hypothesis that tissue levels of n-3 PUFA am positively associated with hemorrhagic stroke and negatively associated with ischemic stroke We recruited 120 Subjects for this case-control study, with 40 cases each of hemorrhagic stroke, ischemic stroke., and unaffected controls Patients with a family history of hemorrhagic stroke had a significantly increased risk for hemorrhagic stroke Omega-3 Index (20 5n3 + 22.6n3 in erythrocytes) and 22:6n3 were negatively (P < .01) associated with the risk of both hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke in multivariate analyses. Saturated fatty acids 16.0 and 18.0 were positively associated, whereas 18.2n6 and 18:3n6 were negatively (P < .05) associated with risk of ischemic stroke. Monounsaturated fatty acid, 18 1n9, increased (P = .03) the odds of hemorrhagic stroke. Omega-3 Index and docosahexaenoic acid were significantly lower in patients with both subtypes of hemorrhagic stroke, subarachnoid and intracerebral hemorrhage, but only in one subtype of ischemic stroke, small-artery occlusion Saturated fatty acids 16.0 and 18.0 were significantly higher, but 20:4n6 was significantly lower, in patients with small-artery occlusion Linoleic acid was significantly lower in patients with small-artery occlusion and large-artery atherosclerosis, whereas 18 1n9 was higher in both subgroups of hemorrhagic stroke. In conclusion, the results of our case-control study suggest that erythrocyte n-3 PUFA may protect against hemorrhagic stroke and ischemic stroke, particularly in the case of small-artery occlusion (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The impact of <i>FADS</i> genetic variants on ω6 polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism in African Americans; Background: Arachidonic acid (AA) is a long-chain omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) synthesized from the precursor dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA) that plays a vital role in immunity and inflammation. Variants in the Fatty Acid Desaturase (FADS) family of genes on chromosome 11q have been shown to play a role in PUFA metabolism in populations of European and Asian ancestry; no work has been done in populations of African ancestry to date.
Metabolomic and transcriptomic studies of improvements in myocardial infarction due to Pycr1 deletion; Myocardial infarction (MI) remains a major challenge to cardiovascular health worldwide, with poor healing leaving a direct impact on patients' quality of life and survival. Metabolic abnormalities after MI are receiving increasing attention. Our previous studies showed that enhancing proline catabolism ameliorates hypoxic damage to myocardial cells; therefore, we sought to determine whether reducing the synthesis of endogenous proline also affects MI. We analysed GEO datasets associated with MI and western blot of mouse heart tissue in an MI model to demonstrate pyrroline-5-carboxylate reductase 1 (Pycr1) expression level after MI. We constructed Pycr1 KO mice by CRISPR/Cas9 technology to explore the effect of Pycr1 gene KO after MI using transcriptomic and metabolomic techniques. In this study, we found reduced mRNA and protein expression levels of Pycr1 in the hearts of mice after MI. We observed that Pycr1 gene KO has a protective effect against MI, reducing the area of MI and improving heart function. Using transcriptomics approaches, we found 215 upregulated genes and 247 downregulated genes after KO of the Pycr1 gene, indicating that unsaturated fatty acid metabolism was affected at the transcriptional level. Metabolomics results revealed elevated content for 141 metabolites and decreased content for 90 metabolites, among which the levels of fatty acids, glycerol phospholipids, bile acids, and other metabolites increased significantly. The changes in these metabolites may be related to the protective effect of Pycr1 KO on the heart after MI. Pycr1 gene KO has a protective effect against MI and our research will lay a solid foundation for the development of future Pycr1-related drug targets.
Fish Intake in Relation to Fatal and Non-Fatal Cardiovascular Risk: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Epidemiological studies have shown that eating fish significantly reduces cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence and mortality. However, more focused meta-analyses based on the most recent results from prospective cohort studies are needed. This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to update the association between fish intake and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk using recent prospective studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis following the PRISMA guideline was conducted based on a random effects synthesis of multivariable-adjusted relative risks (RRs) of high vs. low categories of fish intake in relation to CVD incidence and mortality. Non-linear meta-regression was applied to investigate the shape of the association between fish intake and CVD risk. Sensitivity analysis and stratifications by type of CVD outcome, type of fish intake and type of cooking were performed. Based on 18 papers reporting 17 independent estimates of CVD risk (1,442,407 participants and 78,805 fatal and non-fatal CVD events), high vs. low intake of fish corresponded to about 8% reduced CVD risk (RR = 0.93 [0.88-0.98]). According to a non-linear dose-response meta-regression, 50 g of fish intake per day corresponded to a statistically significant 9% reduced fatal and non-fatal CVD risk (RR = 0.92 [0.90-0.95]). Similarly, fish intake in the range of a weekly intake of two to three portions of fish with a size of 150 g resulted in 8% fatal and non-fatal CVD risk reduction (RR = 0.93 [0.91-0.96]). The recommended two portions of fish a week reduces the risk of CVD outcomes by approximately 10%. A full portion of fish a day reduces CVD risk by up to 30%.
Differential effects of EPA and DHA on PPARγ-mediated sympathetic innervation in infarcted rat hearts by GPR120-dependent and -independent mechanisms; The omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been shown to attenuate inflammation processes, whereas the molecular mechanisms remain unclear. This study was aimed at figuring out the differential effects of EPA and DHA on fatal arrhythmias and whether the signaling pathway could be a target after myocardial infarction, an inflammatory status. Male Wistar rats after ligating coronary artery were randomized to either vehicle, EPA, or DHA for 4 weeks. Postinfarction was associated with increased myocardial norepinephrine levels and sympathetic innervation. Furthermore, infarction was associated with the activation of NLRP3 inflammasomes and increased the protein and expression of IL-1 beta and nerve growth factor (NGF). These changes were blunted after adding either EPA or DHA with a greater extent of EPA than DHA. Immunoblotting and immunohistochemical analysis showed that EPA had significantly lower phosphorylation of PPAR gamma at Ser 112 compared with DHA. Arrhythmic severity during programmed stimulation in the infarcted rats treated with EPA was significantly lower than those treated with DHA. Specific inhibition of GPR120 by AH-7614 and PPAR gamma by T0070907 reduced the EPA-or DHA-related attenuation of IL-1 beta and NGF release. Besides, AH-7614 treatment partially reduced the PPAR gamma levels, whereas T0070907 administration did not affect the GPR120 levels. These results suggest that EPA was more effective than DHA in prevention of fatal arrhythmias by inhibiting NLRP3 inflammasome and sympathetic innervation through activation of PPARy-mediated GPR120-dependent and -independent signaling pathways in infarcted hearts. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
Every egg may have a targeted purpose: toward a differential approach to egg according to composition and functional effect; Despite the suggested health advantages of traditionally- over industrially-produced western 'regular' eggs and the flexibility of egg composition, studies on the effects of egg intake refer mostly to quantity and lack qualitative information. The possibility of lending differential nutritional enhancement and functional advantages, i.e. vs. cardiovascular disease (CVD) or for perinatal health, could impact the current egg intake debate. N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)/long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) fortification of regular eggs by feeding extruded linseed (5%) yielded 3.8-fold higher total n-3 PUFA and 2.4-fold higher docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), with 3.6-fold lower n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio (p<0.0005). This resulted in human dietary contributions of 10-20% of the n-3 PUFA Dietary Reference Intake (DRI) and 40% for DHA. Together with antioxidants, they may be beneficial against CVD risks as associated with oxidative stress, endothelial dysfunction, dyslipidemia, and inflammatory processes, especially in diabetics. Eggs fortified via poultry feed supplementation could attain higher %DRI for pregnancy or lactation for key nutrients, i.e. DHA (approximate to 120- 130%), vitamins A (9.0-15.2%) and E (51.6-65.3%), iodine (15.2-20.1%), and selenium (33.7-39.3%). For infants aged 1-3 years, the improvement in %DRI for vitamins, minerals, and n-3 PUFA needed during peak brain development could be even higher. Compared to increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation as seen with intake of two regular high n-6 PUFA eggs/day, eggs with reduced n-6 PUFA (by 40%), increased n-9 monounsaturated FA (MUFA) (by 30%), reduced PUFA: MUFA ratio (by 50%), and increased antioxidants vitamin E and carotenoids (by >200%), were associated with a 30% drop in LDL oxidisability (p<0.01), back to levels seen with a low-egg diet (2-4 eggs/week). Because egg composition is highly feed-dependent and closely affects plasma nutrients and lipoprotein composition and physiological qualities, it has much potential for imparting both nutritional and functional benefits. Poultry feeding could be carefully tailored for egg modification to address specific risks and requirements in consumers, warranting further research regarding differential effects and corresponding quantitative recommendations for egg intake, to maximise beneficial and preventative potential.
Association of Plasma Phospholipid Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids With Incident Atrial Fibrillation in Older Adults The Cardiovascular Health Study; Background-Experimental studies suggest that long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may reduce the risk of atrial fibrillation (AF). Prior studies evaluating fish or n-3 PUFA consumption from dietary questionnaires and incident AF have been conflicting. Circulating levels of n-3 PUFAs provide an objective measurement of exposure.
The Mediterranean Diet, its Components, and Cardiovascular Disease; One of the best-studied diets for cardiovascular health is the Mediterranean diet. This consists of fish, monounsaturated fats from olive oil, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes/nuts, and moderate alcohol consumption. The Mediterranean diet has been shown to reduce the burden, or even prevent the development, of cardiovascular disease, breast cancer, depression, colorectal cancer, diabetes, obesity, asthma, erectile dysfunction, and cognitive decline. This diet is also known to improve surrogates of cardiovascular disease, such as waist-to-hip ratio, lipids, and markers of inflammation, as well as primary cardiovascular disease outcomes such as death and events in both observational and randomized controlled trial data. These enhancements easily rival those seen with more established tools used to fight cardiovascular disease such as aspirin, beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and exercise. However, it is unclear if the Mediterranean diet offers cardiovascular disease benefit from its individual constituents or in aggregate. Furthermore, the potential benefit of the Mediterranean diet or its components is not yet validated by concrete cardiovascular disease endpoints in randomized trials or observational studies. This review will focus on the effects of the whole and parts of the Mediterranean diet with regard to both population-based and experimental data highlighting cardiovascular disease morbidity or mortality and cardiovascular disease surrogates when hard outcomes are not available. Our synthesis will highlight the potential for the Mediterranean diet to act as a key player in cardiovascular disease prevention, and attempt to identify certain aspects of the diet that are particularly beneficial for cardioprotection. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The combination of lactoferrin and linolenic acid inhibits colorectal tumor growth through activating AMPK/JNK-related apoptosis pathway; Colorectal cancer is a common cause of death with few available therapeutic strategies, and the preventative complexes in adjunctive therapy are urgently needed. Increasing evidences have shown that natural ingredients, including lactoferrin, oleic acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and linolenic acid, possess anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor activities. However, investigations and comparisons of their combinations in colorectal tumor model have not been reported, and the mechanism is still unrevealed. In the study, we examined the viability, migration, invasion and apoptosis of HT29 cells to choose the proper doses of these components and to select the effective combination in vitro. BALB/c nude mice bearing colorectal tumor were used to explore the role of selected combination in inhibiting tumor development in vivo. Additionally, metabonomic detection was performed to screen out the specific changed metabolitesand related pathway. The results demonstrated that lactoferrin at 6.25 mu M, oleic acid at 0.18 mM, DHA at 0.18 mM, and linolenic acid at 0.15 mM significantly inhibited the viabilities of HT29 cells (p < 0.05). The combination of lactoferrin (6.25 mu M) + linolenic acid (0.15 mM) exhibited the strongest activity in inhibiting the migration and invasion of HT29 cells in vivo and suppressing tumor development in vitro (p < 0.05). Furthermore, the lactoferrin + linolenic acid combination activated p-AMPK and p-JNK, thereby inducing apoptosis of HT29 cells (p < 0.05). The present study was the first to show that lactoferrin + linolenic acid combination inhibited HT29 tumor formation by activating AMPK/JNK related pathway.
Prostatic levels of fatty acids and the histopathology of localized prostate cancer; Purpose: The consumption of various fatty acids has been associated with advanced stage and fatal prostate cancer. While numerous mechanisms have been postulated, to our knowledge there physiological data linking exposure and prognosis in humans are lacking. We examined prostatic levels of individual fatty acids in relation to the prevalence of histopathological characteristics associated with invasiveness and the risk of progression in 49 men undergoing radical prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, thrombosis and vascular disease; In the 80's, retrospective studies showed an inverse relation between fish consumption and ischemic heart disease (IHD) mortality. In parallel, fish fats containing the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic (EPA) were shown to impair platelet aggregation and thromboxane formation. The results of the large prospective trials, the Diet and Reinfarction Trial (DART) and the Lyon Heart Study in the secondary prevention of myocardial infarction, have further supported the interrelationships between diet and dietary prevention of IHD. In the DART Study, the cardioprotection by EPA was paralleled by an increase plasma content of EPA. In the Lyon, in addition to changes in the content of EPA, changes in other well known variables (i.e. leukocytes and vitamin E), often abnormal in subjects prone to arterial thrombosis, have been found. The GISSI Prevenzione Trial was a prospective, multicentric, open labeled trial with a factorial design, in which 11,324 recent (<3 mo) survivors of a first myocardial infarction were assigned to receive, in addition to the usual strategy, a supplementation of n-3 PUFA, vitamin E, or the combination of the two. Cardiovascular death (-30%), coronary heart disease death (-35%), total death (-20%) and sudden death (-45%) were all significantly reduced by the n-3 PUFA supplementation. The reduced tendency to sudden death of survivors of myocardial infarction on treatment with n-3 PUFA are in keeping with a series of scanty but reliable clinical data as well as of experimental studies. However, we believe that large-scale prospective multicentric randomized trials aimed at preventing sudden death in high-risk patients as well as at testing the effects of n-3 PUFA in patients with intracoronary devices and sustained ventricular arrhythmias, are, a. major direction to be followed to better understand the n-3 PUFA and sudden death issue. Copyright (C) 2002 S. Karger AG. Basel.
Maternal n-6 and n-3 fatty acid status during pregnancy is related to infant heart rate and heart rate variability: An exploratory study; Early life heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV) reflect autonomic system maturation. Intervention with n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) during pregnancy favorably affects fetal HR and HRV, complementing previous observations for n-3 LCPUFA intervention during infancy. The relationship between maternal fatty acid status during pregnancy and infant HR/HRV has not previously been assessed. The aim of this study was to explore associations between maternal n-6 and n-3 fatty acid status during pregnancy and infant HR and HRV at 2 weeks, 4 months, and 6 months of age using linear regression models. Maternal n-3 fatty acids were inversely related to infant HR and positively related to HRV. Conversely, maternal n-6 fatty acids were positively related to infant HR and inversely related to HRV. These data build on existing literature evidencing a role for n-3 fatty acids in accelerating autonomic development and link n-6 fatty acids to HR/HRV.
Depression and altered serum lipids in cynomolgus monkeys consuming a Western diet; Research over the past 15 years has suggested a high comorbidity of depression and coronary heart disease (CHD). However the mechanisms responsible for this relationship are poorly understood. This study was designed to examine the relationships between depressive behaviors and concentrations of circulating lipids and lipid signaling molecules that may be common to both CHD and depression in a cohort of cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) consuming a 'Western' diet, enriched with saturated fat and cholesterol. Socially-housed adult female cynomolgus monkeys (n = 36) were fed the Western diet for 27 months and depressive behavior was recorded weekly. Body weight, body mass index and circulating cholesterol profiles were measured in all animals, and fatty acids (FA) and FA-based signaling molecules were measured in the 6 least and 6 most depressed monkeys. Monkeys consuming the Western diet exhibited a broad range of percent time spent in depressive behavior. The percent time spent depressed was positively correlated with total plasma and LDL cholesterol and negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol. Despite being leaner, depressed monkeys had higher concentrations of monounsaturated fats (C16:1 and C17:1), a higher omega 6/omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) ratio and higher concentrations of omega-6 (omega 6) PUFAs, particularly C18:2 omega 6 and C20:3 omega 6. FA ratios suggest that stearoyl CoA desaturase 1 activity was increased in depressed monkeys. Depressed female cynomolgus monkeys had elevated concentrations of serum lipids and lipid signaling molecules that are typically associated with obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease, which may account in part for the comorbidity of depression and CHD. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Ratio of Linoleic and Linolenic Acid in the Pre-hibernation Diet Influences NFκB Signaling in Garden Dormice During Torpor; The fatty acid composition of a pre-hibernation diet can influence the depth and duration of metabolic suppression achieved by hibernators. More specifically, a diet high in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) relative to n-3 PUFAs is essential to maximize torpor expression. However, few studies have investigated how diets with different n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios change stress-inducible cell signaling. Garden dormice (Eliomys quercinus) were fed one of three diets designed with different ratios of n-6 PUFA linoleic acid (LA) and n-3 PUFA linolenic acid (ALA). Then, NF kappa B signaling was assessed in the white adipose, brown adipose, and liver tissues of euthermic and hibernating dormice via multiplex and RT-qPCR analyses of relative protein and transcript levels, respectively. Dormice fed a high LA diet regulated NF kappa B signaling in a protective manner in all tissues. NF kappa B signaling was generally decreased in the high LA group, with significant decreases in the protein levels of NF kappa B mediators IKK alpha/beta, I kappa B alpha, and downstream pro-apoptotic protein FADD. Liver and white adipose from torpid dormice fed a high LA diet increased sod2 expression relative to the other diets or relative to euthermic controls, indicating protection against ROS generated from potentially increased beta-oxidation of n-6 PUFAs. The low LA diet increased biomarkers for apoptosis relative to other diets and relative to euthermia, suggesting low LA diets may be detrimental to hibernator health. Overall, this study suggests that changes in the ratio of n-6/ n-3 PUFAs in the diet influences apoptotic and antioxidant responses in white adipose, brown adipose, and liver of hibernating garden dormice.
Plasma n-3 and n-6 fatty acids and inflammatory markers in Chinese vegetarians; Background:Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake favorably affects chronic inflammatory-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease; however, the relationship between the PUFA and inflammatory factors in the healthy vegetarians were not clear. We aimed to investigate the plasma fatty acids status, and its association with plasma inflammatory factors in Chinese vegetarians and omnivores.
Vitamin D supplements and prevention of cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review The role of vitamin D supplementation for prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes has been rigorously studied only recently. This review briefly summarizes results from recent randomized controlled trials in the context of prior laboratory and epidemiologic data. Recent findings Randomized trials of vitamin D that included CVD outcomes, as well as two recently published large population-based trials that prespecified CVD as a primary endpoint (The Vitamin D Assessmentand The VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL), indicate that vitamin D supplementation does not decrease CVD incidence, when compared with placebo. Evidence to date suggests that vitamin D supplementation in the general community does not reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events. Other trials are ongoing and future studies will explore additional CVD outcomes such as heart failure and assess high-risk populations such as those with chronic kidney disease.
Could Omega 3 fatty acids reduce the risk of contrast-induced nephropathy in patients undergoing coronary angiography A randomized controlled trial; Contrast medium-induced nephropathy (CIN) is a leading cause of acquired acute kidney injury and has been associated with prolonged hospitalization and adverse clinical outcomes. This study aimed to determine if omega 3 fatty acids reduce the risk of CIN in patients with chronic kidney disease undergoing coronary angiography. A total of 130 consecutive patients undergoing coronary angiography were randomly assigned to one of two groups as follows: 67 patients were assigned to the N-acetylcysteine (NAC; 1200 mg) and 63 patients were assigned to the omega 3 fatty acid (4 g). Both drugs were administered orally twice per day one day before and on the day of contrast administration. Of the 130 patients enrolled in this study, 10 (7.7%) experienced an increase of at least 0.5 mg/dL (44 mu mol/L) in serum creatinine levels 48 h after administration of the contrast agent including 5 of the 67 patients in the NAC group (7.5%) and 5 of the 63 patients in the omega 3 fatty acids group (7.9%; P = 0.919). There were no significant differences in the need for renal replacement therapy (3.0% vs. 9.5%, P = 0.121) or in the mortality rate (3.0% vs. 6.3%, P = 0.361) between the two groups. Short-term prophylactic omega 3 fatty acid treatment with hydration does not reduce the risk of CIN in patients with chronic kidney disease undergoing coronary angiography.
DIETARY ENRICHMENT WITH OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS PARTIALLY PROTECTS AGAINST LIPOPOLYSACCHARIDE-INDUCED ATRIAL DEPRESSION IN RATS; We tested the hypothesis that pretreatment with a diet enriched with omega-3 fatty acids can prevent lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced atrial dysfunction. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a diet containing 20% safflower oil (control diet; CD) or 19.5% menhaden/0.5% safflower oil (experimental diet; ED). After 28 days, the animals were injected I.V. with LPS (20 mg/kg) or normal saline (S). Two hours later, the atria were harvested, connected to a force displacement transducer-amplifier-recorder system and maintained in vitro in oxygenated 37.5-degrees-C Krebs-Henseleit buffer. Force of contraction indexed to body weight (FOCI; g/kg) and maximal rate of rise of contraction (dF/dt, g/sec) and relaxation (-dF/dt, g/sec) were similar in the CD-S (n = 6) and ED-S (n = 6) groups. FOCI, dF/dt, and -dF/dt were lower (P < 0.05) in rats injected with LPS compared with rats injected with S irrespective of diet, but were significantly higher (P < 0.05) in LPS-ED rats (n = 11) compared with LPS-CD rats (n = 11). Chronotropic and inotropic responses to graded doses (0.1, 0.5, 1.0, and 5.0-mu-M) of isoproterenol were not significantly different among groups. LPS-induced production of thromboxane B2 but not 6-keto-prostaglandin F1-alpha was inhibited in ED fed rats. The ED did not enhance survival when rats were challenged with a 20 mg/kg I.V. dose of LPS. These results indicate that dietary enrichment with omega-3 fatty acids in rats partially protects against LPS-induced alterations in atrial function but does not change mortality after an LD100 dose of LPS.
Relation of omega-3 fatty acid and dietary fish intake with brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background The relation between dietary fish intake and brachial artery measures including brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) has not been well established across sex and racial ethnic groups
Intake of ω-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid-Rich Vegetable Oils and Risk of Lifestyle Diseases; Although excessive consumption of deep-fried foods is regarded as 1 of the most important epidemiological factors of lifestyle diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, type 2 diabetes, and obesity, the exact mechanism remains unknown. This review aims to discuss whether heated cooking oil-derived peroxidation products cause cell degeneration/death for the occurrence of lifestyle diseases. Deep-fried foods cooked in omega-6 PUFA-rich vegetable oils such as rapeseed (canola), soybean, sunflower, and corn oils, already contain or intrinsically generate "hydroxynonenal" by peroxidation. As demonstrated previously, hydroxynonenal promotes carbonylation of heat shockprotein 70.1 (Hsp70.1), with the resultant impaired ability of cells to recycle damaged proteins and stabilize the lysosomal membrane. Until now, the implication of lysosomal/autophagy failure due to the daily consumption of omega-6 PUFA-rich vegetable oils in the progression of cell degeneration/death has not been reported. Since the "calpain-cathepsin hypothesis" was formulated as a cause of ischemic neuronal death in 1998, its relevance to Alzheimer's neuronal death has been suggested with particular attention to hydroxynonenal. However, its relevance to cell death of the hypothalamus, liver, and pancreas, especially related to appetite/energy control, is unknown. The hypothalamus senses information from both adipocyte-derived leptin and circulating free fatty acids. Concentrations of circulating fatty acid and its oxidized form, especially hydroxynonenal, are increased in obese and/or aged subjects. As overactivation of the fatty acid receptor G-protein coupled receptor 40 (GPR40) in response to excessive or oxidized fatty acids in these subjects may lead to the disruption of Ca2+ homeostasis, it should be evaluated whether GPR40 overactivation contributes to diverse cell death. Here, we describe the molecular implication of omega-6 PUFA-rich vegetable oil-derived hydroxynonenal in lysosomal destabilization leading to cell death. By oxidizing Hsp70.1, both the dietary PUFA- (exogenous) and the membrane phospholipid- (intrinsic) peroxidation product "hydroxynonenal," when combined, may play crucial roles in the occurrence of diverse lifestyle diseases including Alzheimer's disease.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation Decreases Liver Fat Content in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial Employing Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy; Context: There is an association between nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids have favorable effects on cardiovascular risk and could reduce liver fat in NAFLD.
Fish oil and inflammatory disease: Is asthma the next target for n-3 fatty acid supplements?; Eating fish or taking n-3 fatty acid supplements can decrease the risk and severity of cardiovascular disease. Such supplements also provide symptomatic relief for rheumatoid arthritis patients. Recent research suggests that asthma, another highly prevalent, chronic inflammatory disease, may also respond to fish oil supplements.
Delta-5 and Delta-6 Desaturases: Crucial Enzymes in Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid-Related Pathways with Pleiotropic Influences in Health and Disease; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) play pleiotropic and crucial roles in biological systems. Both blood and tissue levels of PUFA are influenced not only by diet, but to a large extent also by genetic heritability. Delta-5 (D5D) and delta-6 desaturases (D6D), encoded respectively by FADS1 and FADS2 genes, are the rate-limiting enzymes for PUFA conversion and are recognized as main determinants of PUFA levels. Alterations of D5D/D6D activity have been associated with several diseases, from metabolic derangements to neuropsychiatric illnesses, from type 2 diabetes to cardiovascular disease, from inflammation to tumorigenesis. Similar results have been found by investigations on FADS1/FADS2 genotypes. Recent genome-wide association studies showed that FADS1/FADS2 genetic locus, beyond being the main determinant of PUFA, was strongly associated with plasma lipids and glucose metabolism. Other analyses suggested potential link between FADS1/FADS2 polymorphisms and cognitive development, immunological illnesses, and cardiovascular disease. Lessons from both animal models and rare disorders in humans further emphasized the key role of desaturases in health and disease. Remarkably, some of the above mentioned associations appear to be influenced by the environmental context/PUFA dietary intake, in particular the relative prevalence of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA. In this narrative review we provide a summary of the evidences linking FADS1/FADS2 gene variants and D5D/D6D activities with various traits of human physiopathology. Moreover, we focus also on the potentially useful therapeutic application of D5D/D6D activity modulation, as suggested by anti-inflammatory and tumor-suppressing effects of D6D inhibition in mice models.
OMEGA-3 PUFAS REDUCE THE VULNERABILITY OF THE RAT-HEART TO ISCHEMIC ARRHYTHMIA IN THE PRESENCE OF A HIGH INTAKE OF SATURATED ANIMAL FAT; The effect of dietary lipids upon the development of cardiac arrhythmias has been studied in an animal model of Sudden Cardiac Death. Ischaemic arrhythmia in mature male rats was induced by occlusion of the coronary artery. After 44 weeks of feeding various lipid modified diets, it was demonstrated that complete substitution of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA's) for saturated animal fat produced great benefits in cardiac function; as the number of ventricular premature beats (VPB), and the incidence (%) and severity (duration in seconds) of both ventricular tachycardia (VT) and ventricular fibrillation (VF) were markedly reduced. However, when mixed diets containing additional saturated fat (SF) plus either sunflower seed oil (SSO) rich in omega-6 PUFA or fish oil (FO) containing omega-3 PUFA's were compared, it was apparent that the inclusion of a relatively small proportion of omega-3 PUFA's in the diet was of great benefit as no VF was recorded in this group, whereas a similar proportion of omega-6 PUFA added to a saturated fatty acid rich diet was without significant effect. As the mixed SF/PUFA diets were constructed to contain essentially similar proportions of both saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids, but with contrasting amounts of either omega-6 or omega-3 PUFA's, the benefits observed by the inclusion of omega-3 PUFA's in the diet were direct and not due to coincidental changes in other fatty acid components of the diets.
Relationship of household salt intake level with long-term all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality in Japan: NIPPON DATA80; In Asian countries, a major source of salt intake is from seasoning or table salt added at home. However, little is known about the adverse effects of salt intake evaluated according to household unit. We investigated the relationship between household salt intake level and mortality from all-cause and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Participants included 8702 individuals (56% women) who were living with someone else and who were aged 30-79 years and enrolled in the National Nutritional Survey of Japan in 1980 with a 24-year follow-up. Household nutrient intake was evaluated using a 3-day weighing record method in which all foods and beverages consumed by any of the household members were recorded. The household salt intake level was defined as the amount of salt consumed (g) per 1000 kcal of total energy intake in each household, and its average was 6.25 (2.02) g/1000 kcal. During the follow-up, there were 2360 deaths (787 CVD, 168 coronary heart disease [CHD], and 361 stroke). Cox proportional hazard ratios (HRs) for an increment of 2 g/1000 kcal in household salt intake were calculated and adjusting for sex, age, body mass index, smoking status, alcohol consumption status, self-reported work exertion level, household potassium intake, household saturated fatty acid intake, and household long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake. The HRs (95% confidence intervals) were 1.07 (1.02, 1.12) for all-cause mortality, 1.11 (1.03, 1.19) for CVD, 1.25 (1.08, 1.44) for CHD, and 1.12 (1.00, 1.25) for stroke. The household salt intake level was significantly associated with long-term risk of all-cause, CVD, CHD, and stroke mortality in a representative Japanese population.
Dietary intakes vary with age among Eskimo adults of northwest Alaska in the GOCADAN study, 2000-2003; Dietary factors influence the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The diet of Alaskan Eskimos differs from that of other populations. We surveyed Eskimo adults in Northwest Alaska to document their usual dietary intakes, differences based on gender and age, and sources of selected nutrients, and to generate appropriate dietary advice to reduce CVD. Interviewers surveyed 850 men and women 17-92 y old, using a quantitative food-frequency instrument. We observed many significant (x(2) analysis P < 0.05) differences in nutrient intakes among 3 age-groups. Energy intake from carbohydrate was negatively related to participant age-group (P <= 0.01). Energy intake from all fats (P < 0.001) and polyunsaturated fat (P < 0.01) was positively related to age-group among both men and women in contrast to other studies in which age differences were either not observed or decreased with age. Native foods were major sources of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats, including 56% of (n-3) fatty acids primarily from seal oil and salmon. However, Native foods contributed significantly less to the diets of young adults than to those of elders, especially among women. Store-bought foods were the main sources of energy, carbohydrate, fat, saturated fat, and fiber for all adults. Based on their nutrient density and potential to inhibit CVD, continued consumption of traditional foods is recommended. Variations in intake by age may portend changing eating patterns that will influence CVD as participants age. These data will contribute to understanding dietary risk factors for cardiovascular disease in this population.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Their Potential Therapeutic Role in Cardiovascular System Disorders-A Review; Cardiovascular diseases are described as the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in modern societies. Therefore, the importance of cardiovascular diseases prevention is widely reflected in the increasing number of reports on the topic among the key scientific research efforts of the recent period. The importance of essential fatty acids (EFAs) has been recognized in the fields of cardiac science and cardiac medicine, with the significant effects of various fatty acids having been confirmed by experimental studies. Polyunsaturated fatty acids are considered to be important versatile mediators for improving and maintaining human health over the entire lifespan, however, only the cardiac effect has been extensively documented. Recently, it has been shown that omega-3 fatty acids may play a beneficial role in several human pathologies, such as obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2, and are also associated with a reduced incidence of stroke and atherosclerosis, and decreased incidence of cardiovascular diseases. A reasonable diet and wise supplementation of omega-3 EFAs are essential in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases prevention and treatment.
Associations of the serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and hair mercury with heart rate-corrected QT and JT intervals in men: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; Purpose Long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish have been associated with risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), especially sudden cardiac death (SCD). Mercury exposure, mainly due fish consumption, has been associated with higher risk. However, the impact of PUFAs or mercury on the ventricular cardiac arrhythmias, which often precede SCD, is not completely known. We investigated the associations of the serum long-chain omega-3 PUFAs and hair mercury with ventricular repolarization, measured by heart rate-corrected QT and JT intervals (QTc and JTc, respectively).
Intake of very long-chain n-3 fatty acids from fish and incidence of atrial fibrillation. The Rotterdam Study; Background Atrial fibrillation is the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia. It is a major cause of morbidity and mortality through an increased risk of thromboembolic stroke. Experimental as well as observational evidence suggests that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may have antiarrhythmic effects. The objective of this study was to examine whether high intakes of fish and its very long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentoenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with risk of incident atrial fibrillation.
n-3 fatty acid-based parenteral nutrition improves postoperative recovery for cirrhotic patients with liver cancer: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background & aims: A new lipid emulsion enriched in n-3 fatty acid has been reported to prevent hepatic inflammation in patients following major surgery. However, the role of n-3 fatty acid-based parenteral nutrition for postoperative patients with cirrhosis-related liver cancer is unclear. We investigated the safety and efficacy of n-3 fatty acid-based parenteral nutrition for cirrhotic patients with liver cancer followed hepatectomy.
Effects of dietary fish and weight reduction on ambulatory blood pressure in overweight hypertensives; Obesity is a major factor contributing to hypertension and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Regular consumption of dietary fish and omega 3 fatty acids of marine origin can lower blood pressure (BP) levels and reduce cardiovascular risk. This study examined the potential effects of combining dietary fish rich in omega 3 fatty acids with a weight loss regimen in overweight hypertensive subjects, with ambulatory BP levels as the primary end point. Using a factorial design, 69 overweight medication-treated hypertensives were randomized to a daily fish meal (3.65 g omega 3 fatty acids), weight reduction, the 2 regimens combined, or a control regimen for 16 weeks. Sixty-three subjects with a mean+/-SEM body mass index of 31.6+/-0.5 kg/m(2) completed the study. Weight fell by 5.6+/-0.8 kg with energy restriction. Dietary fish and weight loss had significant independent and additive effects on 24-hour ambulatory BP. Effects were greatest on awake systolic and diastolic BP (P<0.01); relative to control, awake pressures fell 6.0/3.0 mm Hg with dietary fish alone, 5.5/2.2 mm Hg with weight reduction alone, and 13.0/9.3 mm Hg with fish and weight loss combined. These results also remained significant after further adjustment for changes in urinary sodium, potassium, or the sodium/potassium ratio, as well as dietary macronutrients. Dietary fish also significantly reduced 24-hour (-3.1+/-1.4 bpm, P=0.036) and awake (-4.2+/-1.6 bpm, P=0.013) ambulatory heart rates. Weight reduction bad a significant effect on sleeping heart rate only (-3.2+/-1.7 bpm, P=0.037). Combining a daily fish meal with a weight-reducing regimen led to additive effects on ambulatory BP and decreased heart rate. The effects were large, suggesting that cardiovascular risk and antihypertensive drug requirements are likely to be reduced substantially by combining dietary fish meals rich in omega 3 fatty acids with weight-loss regimens in overweight medication-treated hypertensives. The reduction in heart rate seen wifh dietary fish suggests a cardiac/autonomic component, as well as vascular effects, of increased consumption of omega 3 fatty acid from fish.
USE OF HIGHLY CONCENTRATED POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS FOR PREVENTION OF COMPLICATIONS AFTER MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION. COST-UTILITY ANALYSIS; Use of highly concentrated ethyl esters of polyunsaturated fatty acids after myocardial infarction (MI) and in patients with heart failure was associated with lower mortality. The goal of this analysis was to perform cost-utility analysis of the use of highly concentrated ethyl esters of polyunsaturated fatty acids after MI (with help of a Markov model) and to find whether its use in some group of patients led to decrease in budget costs. As a result, we have shown that use of highly concentrated ethyl esters of polyunsaturated fatty acids after MI leads to increase in quality-adjusted life expectancy on 0.5 QALY, with incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of 105 thousand rubles per QALY, and net monetary benefit of 780.5 thousand rubles. In the patient subpopulation that receives highly concentrated ethyl esters of polyunsaturated fatty acids for arrhythmia prevention after coronary artery bypass the estimated decrease of budget cost varies between 6 and 50% depending on denominator used.
Fatty fish intake in mothers during pregnancy and in their children in relation to the development of obesity and overweight in childhood: The prospective ABIS study; Background Although controversial, lower maternal intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) during pregnancy and lower levels of omega-3 PUFA in serum phospholipids during childhood have been related to obesity. The main source of omega-3 PUFA is fatty fish in the diet.
Chia (<i>Salvia hispanica L.</i>) - a rediscovered ancient grain, from Aztecs to food laboratories A review; Purpose
Improving the quality of life of patients with stable angina pectoris using combined therapy; Treatment of chronic ischemic heart disease includes the use of non-drug methods (anti-hypodynamia, smoking cessation, etc.), as well as drug therapy, the main tasks of which are to reduce the risk of complications such as stroke, myocardial infarction, sudden cardiac death, and to gain an increase in life expectancy. An important aspect of treatment is also a decrease in the frequency and intensity of angina attacks, the need for short-acting nitrates, to gain an increase in physical activity, that is, an overall, improvement in the quality of life of patients. The article presents the results of studying the quality of life indicators of patients with stable angina pectoris with the use of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and magnetotherapy. 85 patients with stable angina pectoris were examined, divided into three groups according to the method of therapy. 28 patients of the I (control) group received a drug complex corresponding to the national protocol for the treatment of patients with angina pectoris: nitrates, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors, antiplatelet drugs, statins (atorvastatin at a daily dose of 20 mg). 29 patients of the II group, together with protocol therapy, received the drug omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a daily dosage of 2000 mg, divided into 2 doses. In connection with the known hypolipidemic action of omega-3 PUFA, the daily dose of atorvastatin in this and the next group was reduced to 10 mg. Group III consisted of 28 patients who were prescribed omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and a course of magnetotherapy according to a special method against the background of the protocol medication complex. It was revealed that, initially in patients with angina, the quality of life indicators according to the Seattle questionnaire and the visual analogue scale were reduced. It was shown that with the use of the protocol medication complex, all the parameters of the quality of life improved reliably, with a significant reduction in the angina pain scales and less significant improvement on the scales of physical activity, assessments of health and the perception of the disease. Upon adherence to the therapy of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, there was a positive but very weak tendency to improve the quality of life indicators, which did not differ significantly from the control. The use of combined therapy with simultaneous inclusion of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and magnetotherapy led to significant and reliable improvement in the quality of life indicators, not only on the scales reflecting the pain component, but also on the indicators that characterize the psychological contribution to the quality of life (treatment satisfaction and quality of life (disease perception)). The significant improvement in the quality of life in patients receiving magnetotherapy in contrast to the absence of such influence in patients receiving omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids without magnetotherapy was due to the strong antianginal effect of MT, its sedative and emotionally relaxing action, and the ability to enhance the effects of medications.
Association of serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with C-reactive protein in men; Background/Objectives: N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been associated with reduced inflammation. We tested the hypothesis that high serum concentrations of the n-3 PUFAs are associated with lower serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in healthy middle-aged Finnish men. We also examined whether exposure to mercury, an environmental contaminant in fish, which is also a major source of long-chain n-3 PUFA, was associated with CRP.
n-3 fatty acid-enriched parenteral nutrition regimens in elective surgical and ICU patients: a meta-analysis; Introduction: Previous studies and a meta-analysis in surgical patients indicate that supplementing parenteral nutrition regimens with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), in particular eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), is associated with improved laboratory and clinical outcomes in the setting of hyperinflammatory conditions. Refined or synthetic fish oils are commonly used as a source of EPA and DHA. The objective of the present meta-analysis was to evaluate n-3 PUFA-enriched parenteral nutrition regimens in elective surgical and intensive care unit (ICU) patients.
Protective role of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity in the metabolic response of C6 rat glioma cells to polyunsaturated fatty acid exposure; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can influence tumor growth and migration, both in vitro and in vivo. The PUFA gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) has been reported to improve the poor prognosis associated with human gliomas, although its effects at sublethal concentrations on residual cells postsurgery are poorly understood. The study investigated the effects sublethal PUFA doses (90 or 150 muM) may have on rat C6 glioma cell energy metabolism, since an adequate energy supply is essential for cell proliferation, migration, and apoptosis. Of note was the identification of mitochondrial heterogeneity in relation to the mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP), which has been suggested but unproven in previous studies. GLA and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) caused significant changes in cellular fatty acid composition and increased the percentage of cells with a low MMP after a 96-h exposure period. The presence of PUFAs inhibited C6 cell proliferation and migration, although apoptosis was not induced. The protein expression and activity of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase was increased after 96-h incubation with 90 muM GLA and EPA and would allow redox regulation through increased NADPH production, permitting the maintenance of adequate intracellular reduced glutathione concentrations and limiting rates of lipid peroxidation and reactive oxygen species generation. Neither NADP(+)-isocitrate dehydrogenase nor NADP(+)-malate dehydrogenase activity responded to PUFAs, suggesting it is glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase that is the principal source of NADPH in C6 cells. These data compliment studies showing that higher concentrations of GLA induced glioma cell death and tumor regression and suggest that GLA treatment could be useful for the inhibition of residual cell proliferation and migration after surgical removal of the tumor mass. (C) 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Study on Environmental and Lifestyle Factors for the North-South Differential of Cardiovascular Disease in China; Human death and life span are closely related to the geographical environment and regional lifestyle. These factors considerably vary among counties and regions, leading to the geographical disparity of disease. Quantitative studies on this phenomenon are insufficient. Cerebrovascular and heart diseases are the leading causes of death. The mortality rate of cerebrovascular and heart diseases is statistically higher in northern China than in southern China; the p-value of t-test for cerebrovascular and heart diseases was 0.047 and 0.000, respectively. The population attribution fraction of 12 major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in each province was calculated based on their exposure and relative risk. The results found that residents in northern China consume high sodium-containing food, fewer vegetables, and less sea food products, and tend to be overweight. Fine particulate matter is higher in northern China than in southern China. Cold temperatures also cause a greater number of deaths than hot temperatures. All these factors have resulted in a higher CVD mortality rate in northern China. The attributive differential for sodium, vegetable, fruit, smoking, PM2.5, omega-3, obesity, low temperature, and high temperature of heart disease between the two parts of China is 9.1, 0.7, -2.5, 0.1, 1.4, 1.3, 2.0, 4.7, and -2.1%, respectively. Furthermore, the attributive differential for the above factors of cerebrovascular disease between the two parts of China is 8.7, 0.0, -5.2, 0.1, 1.0, 0.0, 2.4, 4.7, and -2.1%. Diet high in sodium is the leading cause of the north-south differential in CVD, resulting in 0.71 less years of life expectancy in northern compared with that in southern China.
Low Blood Levels of Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in US Hemodialysis Patients: Clinical Implications; Background: Cardioprotective and other clinical benefits of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are inversely related to dietary intake and hence blood content. We therefore investigated, in the first study of its kind, the blood content and distribution of these fatty acids in a large representative population of US hemodialysis patients. Methods: Frozen sera were obtained from 400 individuals who were part of a large, contemporary, representative cohort of US incident hemodialysis patients. Long-chain n-3 PUFA were measured in total serum lipids and in the neutral and polar serum fractions using gas chromatography and solid phase extraction techniques. Mean long-chain n-3 PUFA levels were compared to levels in other dialysis and nondialysis populations from published reports. Results: The study population was qualitatively similar to the overall US hemodialysis population in terms of major clinical characteristics. Long-chain n-3 PUFA were present in the serum polar fraction, with essentially none being detected in the neutral fraction ( p < 0.0001 for polar vs. neutral fractions forall three long-chain n-3 PUFA). Mean serum long-chain n-3 PUFA levels (weight percent (+/- SD): total 1.55 +/- 0.95, polar 3.99 +/- 1.45) were low compared to nondialysis and most other non-US hemodialysis cohorts. Conclusions: While US hemodialysis patients have a blood distribution of longchain n-3 PUFA that is similar to that in the general population, blood content is among the lowest recorded in the medical literature. This has implications for renal dietary recommendations and makes US patients an ideal group for testing the clinical effects of long-chain n-3 PUFA supplementation. Copyright c 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Replacement of Reduced Highly Unsaturated Fatty Acids (HUFA Deficiency) in Dilative Heart Failure: Dosage of EPA/DHA and Variability of Adverse Peroxides and Aldehydes in Dietary Supplement Fish Oils; Objectives: To explore the rationale for omega-3 fatty acids in heart failure treatment, the dosage of EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) for replacing low levels of highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA deficiency) was examined. To judge the usefulness of various EPA/DHA preparations, their content of peroxides and aldehydes was determined. Methods: In 298 patients with dilative heart failure, the serum HUFA level was assessed by gas chromatography. In omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90 (Omacor/Lovaza, approved by the Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency) and 63 dietary supplement fish oils, oxidation products were determined by photometry. Results: Increasing serum HUFA from the lower (4.3 +/- 1.0%) to the upper (9.5 +/- 1.5%) tertile would be associated with an increased left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction (34.1 +/- 9.9 vs. 28.3 +/- 9.5%, p < 0.01) and reduced LV enddiastolic diameter (63.5 +/- 7.1 vs. 66.9 +/- 7.4 mm) requiring at least 2 g EPA/DHA daily. In fish oils, the peroxide and alkenal level varied greatly, i.e. peroxide value <= 5 mEq/kg in only 7 and <= 10 mEq/kg in 38 fish oils. Compared with equivalent doses of omega-3-acid ethyl esters 90, the mean peroxide intake would be 8.6 +/- 6.1 and the alkenal intake 10.9 +/- 4.4 times higher in fish oils. Conclusions: Levels of adverse oxidation products should be considered when targeting HUFA deficiency or treating patients with myocardial infarction or high triglycerides. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Stereology of the myocardium and blood biochemistry in aged rats fed with a cholesterol-rich and canola oil diet (n-3 fatty acid rich); The myocardial changes brought about by canola oil (n-3 fatty acid rich) and hyperlipidic diets were studied in 45 rats. Three groups each consisting of 15 animals was separated into (A) which receiving a normal balanced diet; and in groups (CHO) and (O) the animals receiving hyperlipidic and canola oil diet, respectively. These diets were fed to the animals from 21 days until 15 months old, then a blood analysis was performed, after which they were sacrificed and the hearts taken for light microscopic studies. The total lipids serum was extracted and the low density lipoproteins (LDL-C and VLDL-C) and chylomicron fractions were determined as well as the cholesterol concentration in the high density lipoprotein fraction (HDL-C). The myocardium was composed of myocytes and cardiac interstitium, which is made up of connective tissue and blood vessels. The following stereological parameters were determined: a) from myocyte: volume density of myocyte, total volume of myocytes surface density of myocyte, total surface of myocyte and cross sectional area of myocyte; b) from blood vessels: volume density of blood vessels, total volume of blood vessels, length density of blood vessels, surface density of blood vessels, total surface of blood vessels and cross sectional area of vessels; c) from connective tissue: volume density of connective tissue and total volume of connective tissue. The differences were tested by the analysis of variance and Tukey test. The Mantel-Haenezel test analyzed the survival curve test comparing the different groups. Many stereological parameters had significant differences: cardiac weight, thickness of the right and left ventricular wall, aorta and pulmonary artery inner diameters, HDL-C, LDL-C, volume density of myocyte, total surface of myocyte, surface density of myocyte, total surface of myocyte, total volume of blood vessel, length density of blood vessels, surface density of blood vessels, total surface of blood vessels, volume density of connective tissue, total volume of connective tissue. Differences in survival curves were significant between groups CHO x A and CHO x O (p < 0.05) but not between groups A x O (p = 0.48). For the cardiac weight, the smallest values were found in group O. The aorta and artery pulmonary internal diameters were smaller in group CHO. The HDL-C serum was about 40 % greater in group O. The LDL-C serum was more than 80 % less in the same group. The average of volume density of myocyte was less in group CHO, while the average of volume density of connective tissue was greater in group CHO in comparison to groups A and 0. The length density of blood vessels was greater in group O than in groups A and CHO. The surface density of myocyte and surface density of blood vessels were smaller in group CHO and greater in group A. The total surface of myocyte and total surface of blood vessels were greater in group CHO and smaller in group O. Differences were significant between groups A x CHO. The total volume of myocytes was greater in group A, while the total volume of connective tissue was greater in group CHO. The cross sectional area of myocyte and cross sectional area of vessels were greater in group CHO and smaller in group O suggesting that the canola oil diet (n-3 fatty acid rich) preserves the myocardium more than the standard and cholesterol-rich diets.
Mfsd2a is a transporter for the essential omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an omega-3 fatty acid that is essential for normal brain growth and cognitive function(1-4). Consistent with its importance in the brain, DHA is highly enriched in brain phospholipids(5-7). Despite being an abundant fatty acid in brain phospholipids, DHA cannot be de novo synthesized in brain and must be imported across the blood-brain barrier, but mechanisms for DHA uptake in brain have remained enigmatic. Here we identify a member of the major facilitator superfamily-Mfsd2a (previously an orphan transporter)-as the major transporter for DHA uptake into brain. Mfsd2a is found to be expressed exclusively in endothelium of the blood-brain barrier of micro-vessels. Lipidomic analysis indicates that Mfsd2a-deficient (Mfsd2a-knockout) mice show markedly reduced levels of DHA in brain accompanied by neuronal cell loss in hippocampus and cerebellum, as well as cognitive deficits and severe anxiety, and microcephaly. Unexpectedly, cell-based studies indicate that Mfsd2a transports DHA in the form of lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC), but not unesterified fatty acid, in a sodium-dependent manner. Notably, Mfsd2a transports common plasma LPCs carrying long-chain fatty acids such LPC oleate and LPC palmitate, but not LPCs with less than a 14-carbon acyl chain. Moreover, we determine that the phosphor-zwitterionic headgroup of LPC is critical for transport. Importantly, Mfsd2a-knockout mice have markedly reduced uptake of labelled LPC DHA, and other LPCs, from plasma into brain, demonstrating that Mfsd2a is required for brain uptake of DHA. Our findings reveal an unexpected essential physiological role of plasma-derived LPCs in brain growth and function.
Brain-Targeting Form of Docosahexaenoic Acid for Experimental Stroke Treatment: MRI Evaluation and Anti-Oxidant Impact; Epidemiologic studies report cardiovascular protection conferred by omega-3 fatty acids, in particular docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). However, few experimental studies have addressed its potential in acute stroke treatment. The present study used multimodal MRI to assess in vivo the neuroprotection conferred by DHA and by a brain-targeting form of DHA-containing lysophosphatidylcholine (AceDoPC) in experimental stroke. Rats underwent intraluminal middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) and were treated at reperfusion by intravenous injection of i) saline, ii) plasma from donor rats, iii) DHA or iv) AceDoPC, both solubilized in plasma. Twenty-four hours after reperfusion, animals underwent behavioral tests and were sacrificed. Multiparametric MRI (MRA, DWI, PWI, T2-WI) was performed at H0, during occlusion, and at H24, before sacrifice. Brain tissue was used for assay of F2-isoprostanes as lipid peroxidation markers. Initial lesion size and PWI/DWI mismatch were comparable in the four groups. Between H0 and H24, lesion size increased in the saline group (mean +/- s.d.: +18%+/- 20%), was stable in the plasma group (-3%+/- 29%), and decreased in the DHA (-17%+/- 15%, P=0.001 compared to saline) and AceDoPC (-34%+/- 29%, P=0.001 compared to saline) groups. Neuroscores in the AceDoPC group tended to be lower than in the other groups (P=0.07). Treatments (pooled DHA and AceDoPC groups) significantly decreased lipid peroxidation as compared to controls (pooled saline and vehicle) (P=0.03). MRI-based assessment demonstrated the neuroprotective effect of DHA in the MCAO model. Results further highlighted the therapeutic potential of engineered brain-targeting forms of omega-3 fatty acids for acute stroke treatment.
Dietary Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs): Uses and Potential Health Benefits; Purpose of Review Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are obtained from various sources, which can be incorporated in the routine diet to maintain the health. They provide protection from several diseases like osteoarthritis, cancer, and autoimmune disorders. Major focus is given to the PUFAs omega-3 (omega-3) and omega-6 (omega-6) fatty acids which are available in both terrestrial and in the marine environment. The main concern of this article is to review the key scientific reports in context with the human health consequences and advantages of the food sources of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. Recent Findings omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids are consumed by the population globally in the form of foods that are rich in fatty acids. Their nutritional effects have the capability to improve the physical functioning and metabolic rate of the body. These PUFAs contribute in various cellular activities like cell signaling, structural integrity and fluidity of cell membrane, the regulation of blood pressure, glucose level, the nervous system, inflammatory reactions, and hematic clotting. Animal and cell-based models represent that omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs can regulate the skeletal muscle metabolism. The main concern of this article is to review the key scientific reports in context with the human health consequences and advantages of the food sources of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids.
Fish consumption and risk of stroke in men; Context The effect of fish consumption or long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake on risk of stroke remains uncertain.
The Promise of Nutrient-Derived Bioactive Compounds and Dietary Components to Ameliorate Symptoms of Chemotherapy-Related Cognitive Impairment in Breast Cancer Survivors; Opinion statement One of the most burdensome symptoms reported by breast cancer patients is chemotherapy-related neurocognitive impairment. It is estimated that of the 11 million cancer survivors in the USA, 22% of them are breast cancer patients. The National Cancer Institute classified chemotherapy-related cognitive impairment (CRCI) as one of the most debilitating sequelae of cancer therapy, limiting this patient population from recommencing their lives prior to the diagnosis of breast cancer. Currently, there are no strategies that are established to prevent, mitigate, or treat CRCI. In addition to surviving cancer, quality of life is critical to cancer survivors. Based on the multiple and complex biological and psychosocial etiology, the varying manifestation and extent of cognitive decline documented in breast cancer survivors, possibly attributed to varying combinations of chemotherapy and dose and duration of therapy, multimodal interventions combining promising nutrient-derived bioactive compounds with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, in addition to structured cognitive training and exercise regimens, can work synergistically to reduce inflammation and oxidative stress with significant improvement in cognitive function resulting in improvements in quality of life of breast cancer survivors.
Fish and human health: an umbrella review of observational studies; Fish represents one of the most important dietary sources of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which are known to be associated with various health benefits. This study aimed to systematically review existing meta-analyses of observational studies exploring the association between fish intake and various health outcomes. A systematic search of electronic databases was conducted to retrieve a total of 63 studies. Evidence was deemed as possible for the association between higher fish intake and decreased risk of the acute coronary syndrome, liver cancer, and depression, and limited for other outcomes (including age-related macular degeneration, Alzheimer's disease, heart failure, all-cause and coronary heart disease mortality, total and ischaemic stroke) due to heterogeneity between results and potential otherwise inexplicable confounding factors. In conclusion, results from epidemiological studies support the mechanistic effects associated with omega-3 fatty acids from high fish consumption, but evidence needs to be further corroborated with more reliable results.
Fish Consumption and the Risk of Chronic Disease: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Prospective Cohort Studies; We aimed to present a comprehensive review of published meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies on the association of fish consumption and the risk of chronic disease. A systematic search was undertaken in Pubmed and Scopus to October 2019 to find meta-analyses of observational studies evaluating the association of fish consumption and the risk of chronic disease. Retrospective and cross-sectional studies and studies with unadjusted risk estimates were excluded. The summary relative risk (SRR) for each meta analysis was recalculated by using a random effects model. The methodological quality of included meta-analyses and the quality of the evidence were assessed by the AMSTAR and NutriGrade tools, respectively. A total of 34 meta-analyses of prospective observational studies, reporting SRRs for 40 different outcomes obtained from 298 primary prospective cohort studies, were included. Moderate-quality evidence suggested that each 100-g/d increment in fish consumption was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (SRR: 0.92; 95% CI: a87, 0.97), cardiovascular mortality (SRR: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.87), coronary heart disease (SRR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.99), myocardial infarction (SRR: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.93), stroke (SRR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.75, 0.99), heart failure (SRR: 0.80; 95% CI: 0.67, 0.95), depression (SRR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.98), and liver cancer (SRR: 0.65; 95% CI: 0.48, 0.87). For cancers of most sites, there was no significant association and the quality of the evidence was rated low and very low. In conclusion, evidence of moderate quality suggests that fish consumption is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, depression, and mortality and, therefore, can be considered as a healthy animal-based dietary source of protein. Further research is needed for outcomes for which the quality of the evidence was rated low and very low, considering types of fish consumed, different methods of cooking fish, and all potential confounding variables.
VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL): Effects of Vitamin D Supplements on Risk of Falls in the US Population; Context: It is unclear whether vitamin D supplementation reduces risk of falls, and results from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are conflicting.
EFFECTS OF 2 TYPES OF FISH OIL SUPPLEMENTS ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND PLASMA PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACIDS IN CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Fish oil has consistently been shown to lower triglyceride levels, but its effects on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol remain controversial. The current study compares the long-term effects of 2 different fish oil preparations (ethyl ester and triglyceride) versus olive oil in patients with coronary artery disease. Eighty-nine subjects were randomly assigned to receive capsules containing 6 g/day (triglyceride group) or 7 g/day (ethyl ester group) of n-3 fatty acids or capsules containing 12 g/day of olive oil for 6 months. Mean triglyceride levels decreased by 28% in the ester and 32% in the triglyceride fish oil groups (P < 0.05 for both). LDL cholesterol levels increased by 3% (difference not significant) in the ester and 12% (p <0.05) in the triglyceride fish oil groups; in hypertriglyceridemic subjects the increase was 23% (p <0.01) and 14% (difference not significant), respectively. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid analysis showed a fivefold increase in  eicosapentaenoic acid levels in both fish oil groups (p < 0.001), and a long-term decrease in arachidonic acid levels (p <0.001). Achieved eicosapentaenoic acid level correlated with the degree of increase in LDL cholesterol (r = 0.38, p <0.05). These dta suggest that fish oil administration is associated with an increase in LDL cholesterol levels in a diverse group of patients with coronary artery disease; this change appears to be correlated with n-3 fatty acid absorption. The impact of this increase in LDL is unknwon, but should be considered as potentially adverse.
Influence of n-3 fatty acids on cardiac autonomic activity among Nunavik Inuit adults; Objectives. Inuit from Nunavik (northern Quebec) consume large amounts of fish and marine mammals, which are important sources of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs). These substances have a beneficial impact on heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV). However, it is unknown if this beneficial impact remains significant in populations with high mercury exposure. The study assessed the impact of n-3 PUFAs (Docosahexaenoic [DHA] and Eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA]) on resting HR and HRV among Nunavik Inuit adults considering mercury and other potential confounders.
γ-Linolenic Acid Prevents Lipid Metabolism Disorder in Palmitic Acid-Treated Alpha Mouse Liver-12 Cells by Balancing Autophagy and Apoptosis via the LKB1-AMPK-mTOR Pathway; Excessive fat deposition is the main character in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), while gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that can reduce lipid deposition. This study investigated the effect and regulatory mechanism of GLA (100 mu M) on lipid metabolism in alpha mouse liver 12 (AML-12) cells treated by 400 mu M palmitic acid (PA). GLA reduced lipid content and increased fatty acid beta oxidation, as indicated by decreasing triglyceride and cholesterol contents and increasing mRNA and protein expressions of CPT1 alpha and PPAR alpha. GLA relieved oxidative stress caused by PA, upregulated mRNA levels of superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase, and decreased reactive oxygen species content. GLA reduced apoptosis, as indicated by decreases in the BAX/BCL2 expression level and apoptosis percentage. GLA activated autophagy, autophagosome-lysosome fusion, and LKB1-AMPK-mTOR signaling and upregulated mRNA and protein expressions of Beclin-1, autophagy-related 5, and liver kinase B1 (LKB1). These effects of GLA on lipid metabolism disorders of PA-treated hepatocytes were reversed by autophagy inhibitor 3MA and AMPK inhibitor compound C, confirming our conclusions. Overall, GLA can protect AML-12 cells from lipid metabolism disorder caused by PA via balancing autophagy and apoptosis mediated by the LKB1-AMPK-mTOR pathway. Consequently, GLA, as a dietary supplement, can help to prevent and treat NAFLD by regulating lipid metabolism and autophagy.
Conjugated linoleic acid and nitrite attenuate mitochondrial dysfunction during myocardial ischemia; Cardiovascular health is influenced by dietary composition and the western diet is composed of varying types/amounts of fat. Conjugated linoleic acid (cLA) is an abundant dietary unsaturated fatty acid associated with health benefits but its biological signaling is not well understood. Nitrite is enriched in vegetables within the diet and can impact signaling of unsaturated fatty acids; however, its role on cLA signaling is not well understood. Elucidating how nitrite may impact the biological signaling of cLA is important due to the dietary consumption of both cLA and nitrite in the western diet. Since co-administration of cLA and nitrite results in cardioprotection during myocardial infarction (MI), it was hypothesized that cLA and nitrite may affect cardiac mitochondria! respiratory function and complex activity in MI. C57BL/6J mice were treated with cLA and nitrite for either 10 or 13 days, where MI was induced on day 3. Following treatment, respiration and complex activity were measured. Among the major findings of this study, cLA treatment (10 days) decreases state 3 respiration in vivo. Following MI, nitrite alone and in combination with cLA attenuates increased state 3 respiration and decreases hydrogen peroxide levels. Further, nitrite and cLA co-treatment attenuates increased complex III activity after MI. These results suggest that cLA, nitrite and the combination significantly alter cardiac mitochondrial respiratory and electron transport chain activity in vivo and following MI. Overall, the daily consumption of cLA and nitrite in the diet can have diverse cardiovascular implications, some of which occur at the mitochondrial level. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Omega-3 fatty acid lipid emulsions are safe and effective in reducing endotoxemia and sepsis in acute-on-chronic liver failure: An open-label randomized controlled trial; Background and Aim: Sepsis is an important determinant of the outcome of acute-on-chronic liver failure (ACLF) patients. Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) are known to suppress inflammation, reduce morbidity, and mortality in postoperative and critically ill patients. We aimed to evaluate the effect of intravenous omega-6 and omega-3 FA lipid emulsions in ACLF patients.
The Effect of n-3 Fatty Acids on Small Dense Low-Density Lipoproteins in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Intervention Study; Objective: Patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) have a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) particles are particularly atherogenic. Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may have a beneficial effect on numbers of sdLDL particles, and the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of n-3 PUFA on plasma levels of sdLDL in patients with ESRD.
Synergistic effects of squalene and polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrate on lipid peroxidation and antioxidant status in isoprenaline-induced myocardial infarction in rats; We have studied the synergistic effects of squalene and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA concentrate) on isoprenaline-induced infarction in rats with respect to changes in the levels of plasma diagnostic marker enzymes and myocardial antioxidant defense system. Intraperitoneal injection of isoprenaline caused a significant elevation in the levels of diagnostic marker enzymes; alanine aminotranferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine phosphokinase (CPK) in plasma of experimental rats. There was a significant rise in the level of lipid peroxidation with concomitant decline in the level of reduced glutathione (GSH) and in the activities of glutathione-dependent antioxidant enzymes; glutathione peroxidase (GPX) and glutathione-S-transferase (GST), and antiperoxidative enzymes; superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT) in heart tissue. Combined supplementation of squalene and PUFA concentrate significantly prevented the isoprenaline-induced elevations in the levels of diagnostic marker enzymes in plasma of experimental groups of rats. A tendency to counteract the isoprenaline induced lipid peroxidation was also noticed. Their combined administration maintained the level of GSH and the activities of glutathione-dependent antioxidant enzymes and antiperoxidative enzymes at near normalcy. The results of the present study indicated that the combined administration of squalene and PUFA concentrate exerted significantly better cardio-protection against isoprenaline-intoxication as compared to that of per second supplementation.
Resolvins as proresolving inflammatory mediators in cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) represents a global burden with a prevalence that continues increasing progressively. CVD comprises a group of disorders of the heart and blood vessels including coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular disease and peripheral arterial disease. This group of disorders is associated with an inflammatory process which can participate in the pathophysiology of these diseases. Inflammation resolution is an active process involving the participation of pro-resolving mediators such as lipoxins, resolvins, protectins and maresins. Pro-resolving mediators are bioactive molecules generated from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs); among these eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; C20:5n3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; C22:6n3) are the precursors of resolvins. Pro-resolving mediators orchestrate the correct resolution of inflammation and also stimulate tissue regeneration. Their deregulation can lead to chronic inflammation involving CVD. The discovery of these novel lipid mediators opens a new range of possibilities for the design of anti-inflammatory agents with therapeutic potential for a wide variety of diseases. The present work summarizes the available data about the general characteristics, structure and biosynthesis of resolvins and their relation as protective compounds in CVD. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Management of Hypertriglyceridemia for Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease; Mendelian randomization data strongly suggest that hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) causes atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), and so triglyceride (TG) level-lowering treatment in HTG is now more strongly recommended to address the residual ASCVD risk than has been the case in (generally earlier) published guidelines. Fibrates are the best-established agents for TG level lowering and are generally used as first-line treatment of TG levels greater than 500 mg/dL and prescription omega-3 and niacin are also useful. Statins are the best-established agents for ASCVD prevention, and so are usually used as first-line treatment of TG levels less than 500 mg/dL.
Identification and characterization of new Δ-17 fatty acid desaturases; omega-3 fatty acid desaturase is a key enzyme for the biosynthesis of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids via the oxidative desaturase/elongase pathways. Here we report the identification of three omega-3 desaturases from oomycetes, Pythium aphanidermatum, Phytophthora sojae, and Phytophthora ramorum. These new omega-3 desaturases share 55 % identity at the amino acid level with the known Delta-17 desaturase of Saprolegnia diclina, and about 31 % identity with the bifunctional Delta-12/Delta-15 desaturase of Fusarium monoliforme. The three enzymes were expressed in either wild-type or codon optimized form in an engineered arachidonic acid producing strain of Yarrowia lipolytica to study their activity and substrate specificity. All three were able to convert the omega-6 arachidonic acid to the omega-3 eicosapentanoic acid, with a substrate conversion efficiency of 54-65 %. These enzymes have a broad omega-6 fatty acid substrate spectrum, including both C18 and C20 omega-6 fatty acids although they prefer the C20 substrates, and have strong Delta-17 desaturase activity but weaker Delta-15 desaturase activity. Thus, they belong to the Delta-17 desaturase class. Unlike the previously identified bifunctional Delta-12/Delta-15 desaturase from F. monoliforme, they lack Delta-12 desaturase activity. The newly identified Delta-17 desaturases could use fatty acids in both acyl-CoA and phospholipid fraction as substrates. The identification of these Delta-17 desaturases provides a set of powerful new tools for genetic engineering of microbes and plants to produce omega-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentanoic acid and docosahexanoic acid, at high levels.
Dietary ω-3 Fatty Acid and Fish Intake and Incident Age-Related Macular Degeneration in Women; Objective: To examine whether intake of omega-3 fatty acids and fish affects incidence of age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in women.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Combined with Optimal Statin Therapy Improves Endothelial Dysfunction in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease; Purpose Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has been reported to augment endothelial function and improve clinical outcomes in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). The purpose of this study was to determine whether EPA could improve residual endothelial dysfunction despite adequate lipid-lowering with statin in CAD patients.
Mercury exposure and risk of cardiovascular disease: a nested case-control study in the PREDIMED (PREvention with MEDiterranean Diet) study; Background: Substantial evidence suggests that consuming 1-2 servings of fish per week, particularly oily fish (e.g., salmon, herring, sardines) is beneficial for cardiovascular health due to its high n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid content. However, there is some concern that the mercury content in fish may increase cardiovascular disease risk, but this relationship remains unclear.
Functional foods for health: Focus on diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is one of the fastest growing public health problems worldwide. Menopause may present additional challenges for women who have diabetes by increasing the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and making blood glucose control more difficult. Functional foods may have the potential to improve glycemic control, but little evidence is known about the efficacy of these foods. The purpose of this literature review is to establish a recommendation for the intake of functional foods in a healthy diet Such as nuts, omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) and cinnamon - for the glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Nuts and omega-3 FAs appear to have an overall beneficial effect on CVD; however, their effect on glucose homeostasis is uncertain. In addition, cinnamon appears to inconsistently improve glycemic parameters in diabetic patients. Overall, more research on the potential effect of all of these functional foods on patients with type 2 diabetes is needed to able to make specific recommendations. in conclusion, there is reason to consider the inclusion of nuts and fish, as a Source of omega-3 FAs, in the diets of individuals with diabetes in view of their potential to reduce CVD risk, even though their ability to influence overall glycemic control remains to be established. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diet and Sudden Death: How to Reduce the Risk; In addition to the association of dietary patterns, specific foods and nutrients with several diseases, including cardiovascular disease and mortality, there is also strong emerging evidence of an association of dietary patterns with the risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD). In this comprehensive review, data are presented and analyzed about foods and diets that mitigate the risk of ventricular arrhythmias (VAs) and SCD, but also about arrhythmogenic nutritional elements and patterns that seem to enhance or facilitate potentially malignant VAs and SCD. The antiarrhythmic or protective group comprises fish, nuts and other foods enriched in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, the Mediterranean and other healthy diets, vitamins E, A and D and certain minerals (magnesium, potassium, selenium). The arrhythmogenic-food group includes saturated fat, trans fats, ketogenic and liquid protein diets, the Southern and other unhealthy diets, energy drinks and excessive caffeine intake, as well as heavy alcohol drinking. Relevant antiarrhythmic mechanisms include modification of cell membrane structure by n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, their direct effect on calcium channels and cardiomyocytes and their important role in eicosanoid metabolism, enhancing myocyte electric stability, reducing vulnerability to VAs, lowering heart rate, and improving heart rate variability, each of which is a risk factor for SCD. Contrarily, saturated fat causes calcium handling abnormalities and calcium overload in cardiomyocytes, while a high-fat diet causes mitochondrial dysfunction that dysregulates a variety of ion channels promoting VAs and SCD. Free fatty acids have been considered proarrhythmic and implicated in facilitating SCD; thus, diets increasing free fatty acids, e.g., ketogenic diets, should be discouraged and replaced with diets enriched with polyunsaturated fatty acids, which can also reduce free fatty acids. All available relevant data on this important topic are herein reviewed, large studies and meta-analyses and pertinent advisories are tabulated, while protective (antiarrhythmic) and arrhythmogenic specific diet constituents are pictorially illustrated.
Effect of supplemented intake of omega-3 fatty acids on arrhythmias in patients with ICD: fish oil therapy may reduce ventricular arrhythmia; Purpose The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of fish oils, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), on ventricular tachyarrhythmic episodes (VTEs) in implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) recipients with ischemic cardiomyopathy.
Antiarrhythmic and Hemodynamic Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on Cardiovascular Diseases; This review presents the results of previously performed epidemiological, experimental and clinical studies indicating the use of w-3 PUFA (polyunsat-urated fatty acids) contributes to reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases. Experimental studies have shown w-3 PUFA are exhibiting an-tiarrhythmic effects, improving endothelial function, showing an anti-inflammatory effect, affecting the rheological properties of blood, reducing triglyceride concentrations, and increasing the stability of atheromatous plaque. Wide-scale clinical trials have established high efficacy of w-3 PUFA in primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease. It is found to reduce the risk of ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death. Also, reduces overall mortality and hospitalization rates due to cardiovascular causes in patients with chronic heart failure. Clinical efficacy among car-diovascular diseases of the prescription drugs w-3 PUFA standardized by qualitative and quantitative compositions to be studied further in a comparison to the other medications with similar make-up.
Omega-3 fatty acid covered polypropylene mesh for abdominal wall hernia repair: a prospective analysis of 30 patients; Purpose: The main principle in abdominal wall hernia repair is achieving a tension free repair. To reduce adhesion risk caused by polypropylene mesh, meshes with anti-adhesive barrier have been introduced into clinical practice. The present study aimed to analyze postoperative outcomes in patients operated with omega-3 fatty acid covered polypropylene mesh for abdominal wall hernia repair.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial to test the acceptability and adherence to 6-months of walnut supplementation in Chinese adults at high risk of cardiovascular disease; Background: Consumption of nuts improves cardio-metabolic risk factors in clinical trials and relates to lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in prospective observational studies. However, there has not been an adequately powered randomized controlled trial to test if nuts supplementation actually reduces incident CVD. In order to establish the feasibility of such a trial, the current study aimed to assess the acceptability and adherence to long-term nut supplementation amongst individuals at high CVD risk in China.
Omega-3 Lipid Mediators: Modulation of the M1/M2 Macrophage Phenotype and Its Protective Role in Chronic Liver Diseases; The complex interplay between dietary factors, inflammation, and macrophage polarization is pivotal in the pathogenesis and progression of chronic liver diseases (CLDs). Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) have brought in attention due to their potential to modulate inflammation and exert protective effects in various pathological conditions. Omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have shown promise in mitigating inflammation and enhancing the resolution of inflammatory responses. They influence the M1/M2 macrophage phenotype balance, promoting a shift towards the M2 anti-inflammatory phenotype. Specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), such as resolvins (Rvs), protectins (PDs), and maresins (MaRs), have emerged as potent regulators of inflammation and macrophage polarization. They show anti-inflammatory and pro-resolving properties, by modulating the expression of cytokines, facilitate the phagocytosis of apoptotic cells, and promote tissue repair. MaR1, in particular, has demonstrated significant hepatoprotective effects by promoting M2 macrophage polarization, reducing oxidative stress, and inhibiting key inflammatory pathways such as NF-kappa B. In the context of CLDs, such as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and cirrhosis, omega-3s and their SPMs have shown promise in attenuating liver injury, promoting tissue regeneration, and modulating macrophage phenotypes. The aim of this article was to analyze the emerging role of omega-3 FAs and their SPMs in the context of macrophage polarization, with special interest in the mechanisms underlying their effects and their interactions with other cell types within the liver microenvironment, focused on CLDs and the development of novel therapeutic strategies.
Acute Changes in Dietary ω-3 and ω-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Have a Pronounced Impact on Survival following Ischemic Renal Injury and Formation of Renoprotective Docosahexaenoic Acid-Derived Protectin D1; Exacerbated inflammation plays an important role in the pathogenesis of ischemic renal injury (IRI), which is the major cause of intrinsic acute renal failure. Clinical studies suggest that long-term treatment with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) improves renal function and lowers the risk of death or end-stage renal disease. Docosahexaenoic acid, a principle omega-3 PUFA of fish oils, is of particular interest as it is found in most human tissues and is converted to protectin D1 (PD1), which exhibits antiinflammatory and proresolving bioactions. We set out to investigate the impact of acute dietary modulation of omega-3 or omega-6 PUFA on IRI and renal lipid autacoid circuits, using all established mouse model and liquid chromatography-mass spectroscopy/mass spectroscopy-based lipidomics. Thirty minutes of renal ischemia significantly elevated serum creatinine in the w-6 diet group while renal function remained normal in the matched omega-3 diet group. Notably, extending ischemia to 45 min caused 100% mortality in the omega-6 group, in sharp contrast to 0% mortality in the omega-3 group. Protection against IRI in the omega-3 group correlated with decreased polymorphonuclear leukocyte recruitment, chemokine and cytokine levels, abrogated formation of lipoxygenase-and cyclooxygenase-derived eicosanoids, and increased renal levels of PD1 Systemic treatment with PD1 reduced kidney polymorphonuclear leukocyte influx and, more importantly, amplified renoprotective heme-oxygenase-1 protein and mRNA expression In injured and uninjured kidneys. These findings suggest therapeutic or dietary amplification of PDI circuits restrains acute renal injury and that short-term changes in dietary omega-3 and omega-6 PUFA dramatically impacts renal lipid autacoid formation and outcome or IRI. The Journal of Immunology, 2009, 182: 3223-3232.
Red blood cell MUFAs and risk of coronary artery disease in the Physicians' Health Study; Background: Previous studies have reported beneficial effects of a Mediterranean diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) on coronary artery disease (CAD) risk. However, these findings remain inconsistent because some experimental studies have suggested atherogenic and lipotoxicity effects of long-chain and very-long-chain MUFAs on cardiomyocytes.
Carnitine O-octanoyltransferase (CROT) deficiency in mice leads to an increase of omega-3 fatty acids; Introduction: Carnitine O-octanoyltransferase (CROT) is a well-established peroxisomal enzyme involved in liver fatty acid oxidation, but less is known about its recently discovered role in promoting vascular calcification, and whether CROT-dependent liver metabolism contributes to the latter. To date, CROT function in the context of calcification potential has been conducted in the dyslipidemic low-density lipoprotein receptor-deficient (Ldlr-/-) mice.Objectives: To differentiate peroxisome and CROT-dependent lipid biology from that of lipoprotein-mediated lipid biology, we therefore conducted a metabolomic analysis of the liver and plasma of normolipidemic CROT-deficient (Crot-/-) mice.Methods: We performed LC-MS-based metabolomics on liver and plasma derived from Crot-/- and Crot +/- mice and sibling Crot+/+ mice, using a dual-phase metabolite extraction protocol, and multiple LC-MS acquisition strategies.Results: We identified between 79 to 453 annotated metabolites from annotated metabolites from liver samples, and 117 to 424 annotated metabolites from plasma samples. Through differential abundance analysis, we determined that omega-3 fatty acids such as EPA, DPA, and DHA were higher in the liver of Crot-/- and Crot +/- mice than Crot+/+ mice. EPA were higher in plasma of Crot-/- mice than Crot+/+ mice. We also determined that the anti-inflammatory dicarboxylic acids, tetradecanedioic acid and azelaic acid, were higher in the plasma of CROT-deficient mice.Conclusion: Our study associated genetic CROT deletion with increased levels of anti-inflammatory molecules in mouse liver and plasma. These results suggest a potential mechanism for anti-calcification effects of CROT suppression and the potential use of omega-3 fatty acids as biomarkers for future CROT inhibition therapies.
A valid semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to measure fish consumption; Objective: To validate a detailed semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire designed to measure habitual fish and seafood consumption.
Beyond the Surviving Sepsis Campaign Guidelines: a systematic review of interventions affecting mortality in sepsis; INTRODUCTIONMODIFIER LETTER TRIANGULAR COLON Sepsis-related mortality is decreasing over time after the introduction of "Surviving Sepsis Campaign" Guidelines in 2004. The last Guidelines version collects 93 recommendations, but several interventions supported by randomized evidence of mortality reduction are not included.EVIDENCE ACQUISITIONMODIFIER LETTER TRIANGULAR COLON We performed a systematic review of all randomized controlled trials reporting a statistically significant mortality reduction in septic patients and compared the identified studies to the Surviving Sepsis Campaign Guidelines 2021 to highlight discrepancies. EVIDENCE SYNTHESISMODIFIER LETTER TRIANGULAR COLON We identified 83 randomized controlled trials (58 interventions) influencing mortality in sepsis. Only 9/58 of these interventions were included in the Guidelines: lactate measurement and lactate-guided hemodynamic management, procalcitonin-guided antibiotics discontinuation, balanced crystalloids as first choice fluids, albumin infusion, avoidance of starches, noradrenaline as first line vasopressor, vasopressin as an adjunctive vasopressor to noradrenaline, neuromuscular blocking agents in moderate-severe sepsis-associated acute respiratory distress syndrome, and corticosteroids use. Only 11/93 Guidelines recommendations were supported by randomized evidence with mortality difference. Five of the interventions with survival benefit in literature (vitamin C, terlipressin, polymyxin B, liberal transfusion strategy and immunoglobulins) were recommended to avoid in the Guidelines, while 44 interventions were not mentioned, including three interventions (esmolol, omega 3, and external warming) with at least two randomized controlled trials with a documented survival benefit.CONCLUSIONSMODIFIER LETTER TRIANGULAR COLON Several discrepancies exist between the randomized controlled trials with mortality difference in septic patients and the latest Surviving Sepsis Campaign Guidelines. This systematic review can be of help for improving future guidelines and may guide research on specific promising topics.
Effect of a long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched diet on adipose tissue lipid profiles and gene expression in Holstein dairy cows; The objective of this study was to determine whether fish oil supplement has an effect on adipose tissue lipid profiles and gene expression in postpartum dairy cows. Holstein cows were supplemented with either long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA; protected fish oil) or control PUFA (n-6; toasted soybeans) for 2 mo after calving (n = 23 per diet). These cows showed no difference in milk production or metabolic parameters, but exhibited a tendency toward a decrease in early embryo mortality rate after artificial insemination. We hypothesized that, in addition to this effect, modifications in adipose tissue (AT) gene expression and lipid profiles would occur in response to diet. Subcutaneous AT samples were thus collected from the dewlaps of n-3 and n-6 dairy cows at 1 mo antepartum, and 1 wk, 2 mo, and 5 mo postpartum for the analysis of lipids and gene expression. Lipid profiles were obtained by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of flight mass spectrometry in both positive and negative modes. We found 37 lipid species in the 200 to 1,200 m/z range, which differed between the n-3 and control groups, suggesting that the n-3 supplement affected the lipid composition through the enrichment of lipids integrating long-chain PUFA from fish oil sources: eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid. Moreover, a decrease in triacylglycerolipids was observed in AT of n-3 supplemented cows. The expression of 44 genes involved in fatty acid metabolism and the adipokine system was assessed by real-time reverse-transcription PCR. Hierarchical clustering, according to either postpartum stage or diet, enabled us to group genes exhibiting similar kinetic properties during lactation or by those that varied in similar ways after n-3 supplementation, respectively. Among the genes exhibiting a dietary effect, FABP4, LIFE, CD36, and PLIN1 were overexpressed in n-3 AT samples compared with the control, suggesting an increase in lipolysis due to n-3 supplementation, which was reflected on lipolytic activity at the protein level (i.e., protein expression of fatty acid binding protein 4, phosphorylated perilipin 1, and phosphorylated hormone-sensitive lipase). This increase in lipolysis is relevant to the decrease in triglycerides observed in these samples. Gene expression analyses between n-3 and control AT samples also suggested that the n-3 diet could modulate the secretory functions of AT, possibly by affecting adipokine expression; however, this has to be confirmed at the protein level.
Formulation of dark chocolate as a carrier to deliver eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids: Effects on product quality; In this study, dark chocolate enriched with EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) and DHA (docosahexaenoic acid) was developed using various forms and origins. Quality characteristics such as physical, thermo-gravimetric, rheological, textural and sensory properties of chocolates were investigated. The highest EPA/DHA stability was determined in samples prepared by free-flowing powder and microencapsulated forms of omega-3 fatty acids (FA). The L* and C* values varied from 32.16-33.37 and 7.45-8.09, respectively for the all samples. Hardness values ranged between 6422 and 8367 N and the use of EPA/DHA in the triglyceride form caused softer chocolate whereas control sample was the hardest sample. Melting and rheological properties were not significantly affected by the studied EPA/DHA sources (P < 0.05). Microencapsulated EPA/DHA added chocolate was the most preferred source whereas sample with algae oil showed the lowest acceptability. According to the results, dark chocolate can be used for delivering omega-3 FA by considering their origin and physical form.
Impact of the eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid ratio on plaque characteristics in statin-treated patients with coronary artery disease; Background: A low eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD).Objective: To clarify the impact of the EPA/AA ratio on the characteristics of non-culprit coronary plaques in statin-treated patients with CAD.Methods: A total of 370 consecutive stable coronary disease patients treated with statins, who un-derwent percutaneous coronary intervention for the culprit lesion and optical coherence tomography (OCT) imaging of the non-culprit plaque in a culprit vessel were included. The characteristics of non culprit plaques assessed using OCT were compared between the lower EPA/AA group (EPA/AA < 0.4, n = 255) and the higher EPA/AA group (EPA/AA >0.4, n = 115).Results: The prevalence of lipid-rich plaque (58.8 vs. 41.7%, p = 0.003) and plaque with macrophages (56.5 vs. 31.3%, p < 0.001) was significantly higher in the lower EPA/AA group than in the higher EPA/AA group. This association was observed even if the LDL-C level was < 100 mg/dL. The prevalence of thin-cap fibroatheroma was significantly higher in patients with lower EPA/AA and higher LDL-C ( >100 mg/dL) than in those with higher EPA/AA and lower LDL-C ( < 100 mg/dL) (odds ratio: 2.750, 95% confidence interval: 1.182-6.988, p = 0.024). An EPA/AA < 0.4 was independently associ-ated with a higher prevalence of lipid-rich plaque, plaque with macrophages, and cholesterol crystals.Conclusion: Lower EPA/AA ratio was associated with higher prevalence of vulnerable characteristics in non-culprit plaques. The present results suggest the importance of EPA/AA ratio on the secondary prevention of CAD.(c) 2022 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Aged Male and Female Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats Benefit from n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Supplementation; Hypertension-induced myocardial metabolic, structural and electrophysiological remodeling deteriorates with aging and contributes to both heart failure and occurrence of malignant arrhythmias. It has been shown in clinical trials that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) reduce the incidence of cardiovascular diseases and sudden cardiac death. We investigated the cardioprotective effects of n-3 PUFA in aged spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and possible cellular mechanisms involved. Male and female 14-moth-old SHR were fed with n-3 PUFA (Vesteralens, Norway, 20 mg/day for two months) and compared with untreated SHR. Results showed that n-3 PUFA supplementation led to 1) significant decline of blood pressure; 2) suppression of inducible ventricular fibrillation (VF) by 57 % (male) and 67 % (female), although the arrhythmogenic substrates, like fibrosis, hypertrophy and abnormal gap junctions distribution were not eliminated; 3) preservation of the cardiomyocytes and the integrity of their junctions; 4) enhancement of energetic metabolism enzyme activity; 5) augmentation of capillary density associated with increased alkaline phosphatase and decreased dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP4) activity and 6/increase in gap junction channel connexin-43 expression. Thus, aged male as well as female SHR benefit from n-3 PUFA supplementation that results in decrease in VF susceptibility, partly due to an improvement of myocardial metabolic state, cardiomyocyte and cell-to-cell junctions integrity and Cx43 up-regulation.
Differential immunomodulation with long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA in health and chronic disease; The balance of intake of n-6 and n-3 PUFA, and consequently their relative incorporation into immune cells, is important in determining the development and severity of immune and inflammatory responses. Some disorders characterised by exaggerated inflammation and excessive formation of inflammatory markers have become among the most important causes of death and disability in man in modern societies. The recognition that long-chain n-3 PUFA have the potential to inhibit (excessive) inflammatory responses has led to a large number of clinical investigations with these fatty acids in inflammatory conditions as well as in healthy subjects. The present review explores the presence of dose-related effects of long-chain n-3 PUFA supplementation on immune markers and differences between healthy subjects and those with inflammatory conditions, because of the important implications for the transfer of information gained from studies with healthy subjects to patient populations, e.g. for establishing dose levels for specific applications. The effects of long-chain n-3 PUFA supplementation on ex vivo lymphocyte proliferation and cytokine production by lymphocytes and monocytes in healthy subjects have been studied in twenty-seven, twenty-five and forty-six treatment cohorts respectively, at intake levels ranging from 0-2g EPA+DHA/d to 7-0g EPA+DHA/d. Most studies, particularly those with the highest quality study design, have found no effects on these immune markers. Significant effects on lymphocyte proliferation are decreased responses in seven of eight cohorts, particularly in older subjects. The direction of the significant changes in cytokine production by lymphocytes is inconsistent and only found at supplementation levels >= 2.0 g EPA+DHA/d. Significant changes in inflammatory cytokine production by monocytes are decreases in their production in all instances. Overall, these studies fail to reveal strong dose-response effects of EPA+DHA on the outcomes measured and suggest that healthy subjects are relatively insensitive to immunomodulation with longchain n-3 PUFA, even at intake levels that substantially raise their concentrations in phospholipids of immune cells. In patients with inflammatory conditions cytokine concentrations or production are influenced by EPA+DHA supplementation in a relatively large number of studies. Some of these studies suggest that local effects at the site of inflammation might be more pronounced than systemic effects and disease-related markers are more sensitive to the immunomodulatory effects, indicating that the presence of inflamed tissue or `sensitised' immune cells in inflammatory disorders might increase sensitivity to the immunomodulatory effects of long-chain n-3 PUFA. In a substantial number of these studies clinical benefits related to the inflammatory state of the condition have been observed in the absence of significant effects on immune markers of inflammation. This finding suggests that condition-specific clinical end points might be more sensitive markers of modulation by EPA+DHA than cytokines. In general, the direction of immunomodulation in healthy subjects (if any) and in inflammatory conditions is the same, which indicates that studies in healthy subjects are a useful tool to describe the general principles of immunomodulation by n-3 PUFA. However, the extent of the effect might be very different in inflammatory conditions, indicating that studies in healthy subjects are not particularly suitable for establishing dose levels for specific applications in inflammatory conditions.
The effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and genetic variants on methylation levels of the interleukin-6 gene promoter; ScopeOmega-3 PUFAs (n-3 PUFAs) reduce IL-6 gene expression, but their effects on transcription regulatory mechanisms are unknown. We aimed to conduct an integrated analysis with both population and in vitro studies to systematically explore the relationships among n-3 PUFA, DNA methylation, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), gene expression, and protein concentration of IL6.
Effects of Three-Month Feeding High Fat Diets with Different Fatty Acid Composition on Myocardial Proteome in Mice; Westernized diet is characterized by a high content of saturated fatty acids (SFA) and a low level of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), often accompanied by an imbalance in the omega-6/omega-3 PUFA ratio. Since increased intake of SFA and n-6 PUFA is considered as a cardiovascular disease risk factor, this study was conducted to determine whether a three-month dietary supplementation of high-fat diets (HFDs) with saturated fatty acids and a significant proportion of various n-6 and n-3 PUFA ratios would affect the architecture and protein expression patterns of the murine heart. Therefore, three HFD (n = 6) feeding groups: rich in SFA, dominated by PUFA with the n-6/n-3-14:1, and n-6/n-3-5:1, ratios were compared to animals fed standard mouse chow. For this purpose, we performed two-dimensional electrophoresis with MALDI-ToF mass spectrometry-based identification of differentially expressed cardiac proteins, and a histological examination of cardiac morphology. The results indicated that mice fed with all HFDs developed signs of hypertrophy and cardiac fibrosis. Animals fed SFA-rich HFD manifested the most severe cardiac hypertrophy and fibrosis lesions, whereas less pronounced changes were observed in the group of animals that ingested the highest amount of omega-3 FA. In general, all HFDs, regardless of FA composition, evoked a comparable pattern of cardiac protein changes and affected the following biological processes: lipid metabolism and FA beta-oxidation, glycolysis, TCA cycle, respiratory chain, myocardium contractility, oxidative stress and PUFA eicosanoid metabolism. However, it should be noted that three proteins, namely IDH3A, LDHB, and AK1, were affected differently by various FA contents. High expression of these myocardial proteins found in the group of animals fed a HFD with the highest n-3 PUFA content could be closely related to the observed development of hypertrophy.
n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in the Prevention of Atrial Fibrillation Recurrences After Electrical Cardioversion A Prospective, Randomized Study; Background-n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exert antiarrhythmic effects and reduce sudden cardiac death. However, their role in the prevention of atrial fibrillation remains controversial. We aimed to determine the effect of n-3 PUFAs in addition to amiodarone and a renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitor on the maintenance of sinus rhythm after direct current cardioversion in patients with persistent atrial fibrillation.
13-Week oral toxicity study of oil derived from squid (<i>Todarodes pacificus</i>) in Sprague-Dawley rats; Recommendations to increase the consumption of the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids are challenged by the global problem of declining fish stocks. Non-traditional and more sustainable sources of the long-chain omega-3 fatty acids are needed. Squid (Todarodes pacificus) represents a uniquely sustainable source of these fatty acids. A 13-week oral toxicity study was conducted in male and female Sprague-Dawley rats administered either 0, 250, 500, or 1000 mu l/kg body weight (bw)/day of a refined squid oil. All of the rats survived through to the end of the study. All of the rats grew normally and had normal clinical and ophthalmic observations. No signs of toxicity were evident from clinical chemistry, hematology, and urinalysis data measured. No abnormal findings attributable to exposure to purified squid oil were observed following the necropsy of male and female rats and the histopathological examination of the organs. The no-observed-adverse-effect level for refined squid oil was determined to be 1000 mu l/kg bw/day, the highest dose tested. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Selective Association of Plasma Non-esterified Fatty Acid Species with Circulating Interleukin-8 Concentrations in Humans; Elevated plasma concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), due to high fat intake and/or adipose tissue lipolysis, are a hallmark of the metabolic syndrome. We assessed whether certain plasma NEFA species contribute to the chronic low-grade inflammatory state seen in the metabolic syndrome. We determined the fasting plasma NEFA patterns of 75 overweight non-diabetic Subjects and analysed their relationship with plasma inflammatory parameters. After adjustment for gender, age, body fat, and waist-hip ratio, no strong correlations of single NEFA species with leukocyte number, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumour necrosis factor-or., or monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 were detected. However, oleate was negatively (r=-0.36, p=0.0015) and myristate (r=0.41, p=0.0003) as well as the (L)3-polyunsatLirated NEFA alpha-linolenate (r=0.37, p=0.0011), eicosapentaenoate (r=0.40, p=0.0003), and docosahexaenoate (r=0.40, p=0.0004) were positively associated with interleukin-8 concentrations. The other NEFA species as well as the total plasma NEFA concentration did not correlate with interleukin-8. The correlations of myristate, oleate, and the SLIM of all omega 3-polyunsaturated NEFA with interleukin-8 were independent of plasma tumour necrosis factor-alpha and overall adiposity. Our data demonstrate close and selective associations of oleate, myristate, and omega 3-polyunsaturated NEFA with plasma concentrations of the pro-inflammatory chemokine interleukin-8. Thus, these NEFA species may represent specific determinants of plasma interleukin-8.
A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY OF DIETARY-FAT AND RISK OF PROSTATE-CANCER; Background: The strong correlation between national consumption of fat and national rate of mortality from prostate cancer has raised the hypothesis that dietary fat increases the risk of this malignancy. Case-control and cohort studies have not consistently supported this hypothesis. Purpose: We examined prospectively the relationship between prostate cancer and dietary fat, including specific fatty acids and dietary sources of fat. We examined the relationship of fat consumption to the incidence of advanced prostate cancer (stages C, D, or fatal cases) and to the total incidence of prostate cancer. Methods: We used data from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study, which is a prospective cohort of 51529 U.S. men, aged 40 through 75, who completed a validated food-frequency questionnaire in 1986. We sent follow-up questionnaires to the entire cohort in 1988 and 1990 to document new cases of a variety of diseases and to update exposure information. As of January 31, 1990, 300 new cases of prostate cancer, including 126 advanced cases, were documented in 47855 participants initially free of diagnosed cancer. The Mantel-Haenszel summary estimator was used to adjust for age and other potentially confounding variables. Multiple logistic regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs) when controlling simultaneously for more than two covariates. Results: Total fat consumption was directly related to risk of advanced prostate cancer (age- and energy-adjusted RR = 1.79, with 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.04-3.07, for high versus low quintile of intake; P [trend] = .06). This association was due primarily to animal fat (RR = 1.63; 95% CI = 0.95-2.78; P [trend] = .08), but not vegetable fat. Red meat represented the food group with the strongest positive association with advanced cancer (RR = 2.64; 95% CI = 1.21-5.77; P = .02). Fat from dairy products (with the exception of butter) or fish was unrelated to risk. Saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, and alpha-linolenic acid, but not linoleic acid, were associated with advanced prostate cancer risk; only the association with alpha-linolenic acid persisted when saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, linoleic acid, and alpha-linolenic acid were modeled simultaneously (multivariate RR = 3.43; 95% CI = 1.67-7.04; P [trend] = .002). Conclusion: The results support the hypothesis that animal fat, especially fat from red meat, is associated with an elevated risk of advanced prostate cancer. Implications: These findings support recommendations to lower intake of meat to reduce the risk of prostate cancer. The potential roles of carcinogens formed in cooking animal fat and of alpha-linolenic acid in the progression of prostate cancer need to be explored.
Nutritional Benefits from Fatty Acids in Organic and Grass-Fed Beef; Livestock production is under increasing scrutiny as a component of the food supply chain with a large impact on greenhouse gas emissions. Amidst growing calls to reduce industrial ruminant production, there is room to consider differences in meat quality and nutritional benefits of organic and/or pasture-based management systems. Access to forage, whether fresh or conserved, is a key influencing factor for meat fatty acid profile, and there is increasing evidence that pasture access is particularly beneficial for meat's nutritional quality. These composition differences ultimately impact nutrient supply to consumers of conventional, organic and grass-fed meat. For this review, predicted fatty acid supply from three consumption scenarios were modelled: i. average UK population National Diet and Nutrition Survey (NDNS) (<128 g/week) red meat consumption, ii. red meat consumption suggested by the UK National Health Service (NHS) (<490 g/week) and iii. red meat consumption suggested by the Eat Lancet Report (<98 g/week). The results indicate average consumers would receive more of the beneficial fatty acids for human health (especially the essential omega-3, alpha-linolenic acid) from pasture-fed beef, produced either organically or conventionally.
Cardio-Metabolic Disease Risks and Their Associations with Circulating 25-Hydroxyvitamin D and Omega-3 Levels in South Asian and White Canadians; Objectives
Free Fatty Acids Are Associated with the Cognitive Functions in Stroke Survivors; Ischemic stroke is a leading cause of motor impairment and psychosocial disability. Although free fatty acids (FFA) have been proven to affect the risk of stroke and potentially dementia, the evidence of their impact on cognitive functions in stroke patients is lacking. We aimed to establish such potential relationships. Seventy-two ischemic stroke patients were prospectively analysed. Their cognitive functions were assessed seven days post-stroke and six months later as follow-up (n = 41). Seven days post-stroke analysis of serum FFAs levels showed direct correlations between Cognitive Verbal Learning Test (CVLT) and the following FFAs: C20:4n6 arachidonic acid and C20:5n3 eicosapentaenoic acid, while negative correlations were observed for C18:3n3 linolenic acid (ALA), C18:4 n3 stearidonic acid and C23:0 tricosanoic acid. Follow-up examination with CVLT revealed positive correlations with C15:0 pentadecanoid acid, C18:3n6 gamma linoleic acid, SDA, C23:0 tricosanoic acid and negative correlations with C14:0 myristic acid and C14:1 myristolenic acids. Several tests (Trail Making Test, Stroop Dots Trail, Digit Span Test and Verbal Fluency Test) were directly correlated mainly with C14:0 myristic acid and C14:1 myristolenic acid, while corresponding negatively with C18:1 vaccinic acid, C20:3n3 cis-11-eicosatrienoic acid, C22:1/C20:1 cis11- eicosanic acid and C20:2 cis-11-eicodienoic acid. No correlations between Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MOCA) test performed on seventh day, and FFAs levels were found. Saturated fatty acids play a negative role in long-term cognitive outcomes in stroke patients. The metabolic cascade of polyunsaturated fatty acids (n3 PUFA) and the synthesis of (AA) can be involved in pathogenesis of stroke-related cognitive impairment.
Decreased Na<SUP>+</SUP>/K<SUP>+</SUP>-ATPase Activity and Altered Susceptibility to Peroxidation and Lipid Composition in the Erythrocytes of Metabolic Syndrome Patients with Coronary Artery Disease; Background: The increased generation of reactive oxygen species that occurs in the case of a metabolic syndrome (MetS) may be responsible for the increased oxidative injury to erythrocyte membranes in coronary artery disease (CAD). Therefore, we studied the effects of MetS on both indexes of oxidative damage and biochemical properties of erythrocyte membranes in CAD patients. Methods: We analyzed the markers of oxidative stress, Na+/K+-ATPase activity, total cholesterol content of erythrocyte membranes (CEM), and fatty acid compositions of the erythrocyte membrane in 82 patients with stable CAD and 39 non-CAD subjects. Results: The CAD patients had higher levels of CEM, membrane lipid peroxidation, erythrocyte superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity, and Na+/K+-ATPase activity compared with non-CAD subjects. The Na+/K+-ATPase activity was correlated negatively with membrane lipid peroxidation, and positively with the CEM. In CAD patients with MetS compared with those without MetS, we found that the membrane lipid peroxidation and CEM were increased, whereas the n-3 fatty acids content, SOD activity, Na+/K+-ATPase activity were decreased. Conclusion: These findings suggest an impairment of erythrocyte membrane biochemical properties in stable CAD patients as a consequence of oxidative injury that may contribute to the development of CAD. In addition, MetS may be related to increased oxidative injury to erythrocyte membranes. (c) 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids inhibit hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth through blocking β-catenin and cyclooxygenase-2; Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a common human cancer with high mortality, and currently, there is no effective chemoprevention or systematic treatment. Recent evidence suggests that cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2)-derived PGE(2) and Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathways are implicated in hepatocarcinogenesis. Here, we report that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) inhibit HCC growth through simultaneously inhibition of COX-2 and beta-catenin. DHA and EPA treatment resulted in a close-dependent reduction of cell viability with cleavage of poly ADP ribose polymerase, caspase-3, and caspase-9 in three human HCC cell lines [Hep3B, Huh-7, HepG2). In contrast, AA, a omega-6 PUFA, exhibited no significant effect. DHA and EPA treatment caused dephosphorylation and thus activation of GSK-30, leading to P-catenin degradation in Hep3B cells. The GSK-3 beta inhibitor, LiCl, partially prevented DHA-induced beta-catenin protein degradation and apoptosis. Additionally, DHA induced the formation of beta-catenin/Axin/GSK-3 beta binding complex, which serves as a parallel mechanism for beta-catenin degradation. Furthermore, DHA inhibited PGE(2) signaling through downregulation of COX-2 and upregulation of the COX-2 antagonist, 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase. Finally, the growth of HCC in vivo was significantly reduced when mouse HCCs (Hepa1-6) were inoculated into the Fat-1 transgenic mice, which express a Caenorhabditis elegans desaturase converting omega-6 to omega-3 PUFAs endogenously. These findings provide important preclinical evidence and molecular insight for utilization of w-3 PUFAs for the chemoprevention and treatment of human HCC. (Mol Cancer Ther 2009;8(11):3046-55]
EFFECTS OF DIETARY POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACID DEFICIENCIES ON MORTALITY, GROWTH AND GILL STRUCTURE IN THE TURBOT, SCOPHTHALMUS-MAXIMUS; The preparation of fish oil concentrates containing only (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) with different ratios of 20:5 (n-3)/22:6 (n-3) is described. Three groups of turbot were maintained on different diets containing: 1, 10% of the dry weight of the diet as natural fish oil, equivalent to 2.5% (n-3) PUFA and 0.23% (n-6) PUFA; 2,10% of the dry weight of the diet as palmitic acid, i.e., no PUFA; 3, 8.7% palmitic acid and 1.3% of the dry weight as (n-3) PUFA and negligible (n-6) PUFA. Only the fish on the diet containing natural fish oil showed significant growth over a 15-wk period. There were high mortalities on the 2 experimental diets (2 and 3). Changing the ratio of 20:5 (n-3) 22:6 (n-3) from 13.8-2.2 in the diet containing 1.3% (n-3) PUFA and negligible (n-6) PUFA markedly decreased the mortalities. Fish fed the 2 experimental diets (2 and 3) developed gross changes in gill structure involving the disappearance of chloride cells, a sloughing off of the epithelium along the primary and secondary filaments and an accumulation of cellular material in the inter-lamellar spaces. The tissue ultimately disintegrated to leave a skeleton of connective tissue and a mass of cellular material in the interlamellar spaces. Apparently, 22:6 (n-3) is an essential fatty acid for turbot and that the gill epithelium is a sensitive indicator of this deficiency in this species.
Arctic Sea Ice Microalga <i>Chlamydomonas latifrons</i> KNF0041: Identification and Statistical Optimization of Medium for Enhanced Biomass and Omega-3/Omega-6; Polar microorganisms produce biologically active compounds that enable them to survive in harsh environments. These compounds have potential biomedical applications. The green microalga Chlamydomonas latifrons KNF0041, isolated from Arctic sea ice, has been found to produce polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), including omega-3 and omega-6, which have antioxidant properties. To improve the biomass production of strain KNF0041, statistical methods such as the Plackett-Burman design, Box-Behnken design, and response surface methodology (RSM) were utilized for medium optimization. The optimized medium was designed with increased potassium phosphate content and reduced acetic acid (AcOH) content. The use of the optimized medium resulted in an increase in the cell number as biomass of strain KNF0041 by 34.18% and the omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid (FA) content by 10.04% and 58.29%, respectively, compared to that in normal TAP medium, which is known as the growth medium for Chlamydomonas culture. In this study, Chlamydomonas latifrons was discovered for the first time in the polar region and identified using morphology and molecular phylogenetic analyses, the secondary structures of the internal transcribed spacers, and optimized culture conditions. The results of this study provide an efficient method for the application of polar microalgae for the production of bioactive compounds.
Resolution of inflammation: Intervention strategies and future applications; Chronic inflammatory diseases are the major cause of morbidity and mortality in the aging population worldwide. Chronic inflammation reflects a deficiency in the resolution phase of the acute inflammatory response, which then fails to engage the adaptive immune system accordingly. Resolution of inflammation is a tightly regulated biological pathway that sequentially aids in eliminating the inducing agent and orchestrates clearance of effete immune cells to promote the return to tissue homeostasis. The lipid mediators of resolution of inflammation comprise a family of specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs). The synthesis of SPMs occurs via enzymatic conversion of essential omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids. SPMs have anti-inflammatory, pro-resolving and tissue regenerating properties. A large number of in vitro and in vivo studies have unveiled the mechanism of action of many SPMs. Here, we focus on the actions of SPMs in health and chronic disease models as well as their potential as therapeutic agents in ongoing and future clinical trials.
Enteral Immunomodulatory Diet (Omega-3 Fatty Acid, γ-Linolenic Acid and Antioxidant Supplementation) for Acute Lung Injury and Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome: An Updated Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Enteral immunomodulatory nutrition is considered as a promising therapy for the treatment of acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ALI/ARDS). However, there are still some divergences, and it is unclear whether this treatment should be recommended for patients with ALI/ARDS. Therefore, we conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the efficacy and safety of an enteral immunomodulatory diet on the clinical outcomes of ALI/ARDS patients. Methods: We retrieved potentially relevant clinical trials though electronic databases. All trials of enteral immunomodulatory diet for ALI/ARDS were included. Analyses of the overall all-cause mortality, 28-day ventilator-free days and 28-day intensive care unit (ICU) free days were conducted. Results: In total six controlled trials were evaluated. The pooled results did not show a significant reduction in the risk of all-cause mortality (M-H RR (the overall Mantel-Haenszel relative risk), 0.81 (95% CI, 0.50-1.31); p = 0.38; 6 trials, n = 717) in ALI/ARDS patients treated with the immunomodulatory diet. This treatment also did not extend the ventilator-free days and ICU-free days. However, patients with high mortality might benefit from this treatment. Conclusions: The enteral immunomodulatory diet could not reduce the severity of the patients with ALI/ARDS. Whereas, for ALI/ARDS patients with high mortality, this treatment might reduce the all-cause mortality, but its use should be treated with discretion.
The dietary fatty acids of patients with coronary artery disease and controls in Curacao - Implications for primary and secondary prevention; Patients with coronary artery disease are advised to augment their dietary linoleic acid intakes at the expense of saturated fatty acids. We investigated whether the dietary linoleic acid intake of 57 patients with coronary artery disease (47 males, 10 females; ages 61 +/- 10 years) in Curacao is higher as compared with 77 controls (51 males, 26 females; ages 56 +/- 7 years). For this, we measured plasma cholesterol ester fatty acids, which reflect the dietary fatty acid composition of the preceding weeks. Patients with coronary artery disease and controls had minor differences in cholesterol ester fatty acids. Their cholesterol ester linoleic acid content suggests that the dietary polyunsaturated/saturated fatty acid ratio is far below 1. Comparison with data reported for The Netherlands, Greenland and Crete showed that the dietary fatty acid composition in Curacao is typically Western with a high intake of saturated fatty acids, a low intake of monounsaturated fatty acids and the consumption of linoleic acid as the predominant polyunsaturated fatty acid. Intake of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids from fatty fish is low. Reduction of dietary saturated fatty acids, augmentation of fish consumption, and an increase of the alpha-linolenic/linoleic acid ratio are likely to be of benefit to both primary and secondary prevention from coronary artery disease in Curacao.
CONCENTRATION-DEPENDENT EFFECT OF IRON ON GAMMA-LINOLENIC ACID TOXICITY IN ZR-75-1 HUMAN BREAST-TUMOR CELLS IN CULTURE; Polyunsaturated fatty acids are cytotoxic to ZR-75-1 human breast tumor cells in culture. This effect may be potentiated by the simultaneous addition of iron. When cytotoxicity was measured in the presence of different concentrations of both gamma-linolenic acid and ferrous chloride there was an increase in cell death above concentrations of 9 muM and 0.05 muM, respectively. The potentiation of the effects of 18:3n-6 at low concentrations by the simultaneous addition of Fe(II) ions supports the contention that an alteration in the intracellular Fe(II)/Fe(III) ratio is necessary to promote autocatalytic lipid peroxidation.
Clinical impact of methodological issues in the diagnosis of deficiencies and abnormalities of essential fats; The essential fats (EFs) omega 3 and omega 6 are two families of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) consisting of the essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their derivatives. The EFAs linoleic acid (omega 6) and alpha-linolenic acid (omega 3) have long been known to be essential nutrients. EFs are essential for membrane-based reactions, transport mechanisms, and receptor-mediated functions. Research points to EF abnormalities as primary nutritional:factors in cardiovascular disease, old age dementia, behavioral problems and low IQ in children, and a wide range of other disorders.
Effect of ω-3 fatty acids and simvastatin on hemostatic risk factors and postprandial hyperlipemia in patients with combined hyperlipemia; Patients with combined hyperlipemia have lipid abnormalities associated with an increased tendency to develop atherosclerosis and thrombosis. This tendency may be accelerated during postprandial hyperlipemia, In the present double-blind parallel study, 41 patients with combined hyperlipemia and serum triacylglycerols between 2.0 and 15.0 mmol/L and serum total cholesterol >5.3 mmol/L at the end of a 3-month dietary run-in period were treated with simvastatin at 20 mg/d for at least 10 weeks; patients were then randomized into 2 groups receiving simvastatin + omega-3 fatty acids at 3.36 g/d or placebo (corn oil) for an additional 5 weeks. Hemostatic variables that have been associated with increased thrombotic tendency were evaluated with subjects in the fasting state and during postprandial hyperlipemia before and after combined treatment. Supplementation of omega-3 fatty acid reduced tissue factor pathway inhibitor antigen (P<0.05) in the fasting state, reduced the degree of postprandial hyperlipemia (P<0.005), and reduced activated factor VII concentration appearing during postprandial hyperlipemia, In conclusion, omega-3 fatty acids given in addition to simvastatin to patients with combined hyperlipemia reduced the free tissue factor pathway inhibitor fraction in the fasting state and inhibited the activation of factor VII occurring during postprandial lipemia, thus representing a potential beneficial effect on the hemostatic risk profile in this patient group.
Correction of omega-3 fatty acid deficiency and improvement in disease activity in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus treated with krill oil concentrate: a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play a critical role in regulating inflammation and lipid metabolism. This study sought to ascertain the frequency of omega-3 deficiency in patients with SLE and investigate whether supplementation with krill oil concentrate (KOC) could replenish omega-3 levels and decrease SLE disease activity. Methods A multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted in adult patients with active SLE. Eligible patients were randomised to receive 4 g/day KOC or placebo (vegetable oil mixture) for the first 24 weeks, and thereafter patients could opt to enter an open-label extension. The primary end point was improvement of the red blood cell Omega-3 Index from baseline to week 24. Changes in clinical features, including SLE Disease Activity Index 2000 (SLEDAI-2K) disease activity scores, were also monitored. Results Seventy-eight patients met eligibility criteria and were randomised to a treatment group (n=39 per group). The baseline Omega-3 Index in the total SLE cohort was a mean 4.43% (+/- SD 1.04%). After 4 weeks of KOC treatment, the Omega-3 Index rapidly increased to 7.17%+/- 1.48% (n=38) and after 24 weeks to 8.05%+/- 1.79% (n=25) (each p<0.001 vs baseline), whereas no significant change from baseline was noted in patients receiving placebo. Increases in the Omega-3 Index in KOC-treated patients persisted through week 48. After patients switched from placebo to KOC at 24 weeks, the mean Omega-3 Index showed a rapid and significant increase (from 4.63%+/- 1.39% at week 24 (n=26) to 7.50%+/- 1.75% at week 48 (n=12); p<0.001). Although there were no changes in disease activity in the study population overall, SLEDAI-2K scores decreased significantly in the KOC group during the 24-week randomised period among those who had high disease activity at baseline (SLEDAI-2K >= 9) (p=0.04, p=0.02 and p=0.01 vs placebo at 4, 8 and 16 weeks, respectively; n=9 per group). KOC was well-tolerated, with no significant safety concerns. Conclusion KOC corrected omega-3 deficiency in patients with SLE. Supplementation with KOC was safe and decreased disease activity in those with more active disease. These findings warrant further evaluation of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation with KOC in the management of SLE.
<i>APOE</i> and the Association of Fatty Acids With the Risk of Stroke, Coronary Heart Disease, and Mortality; Background and Purpose-The role of dietary fat on cardiovascular health and mortality remains under debate. Because the APOE is central to the transport and metabolism of lipids, we examined associations between plasma fatty acids and the risk of stroke, coronary heart disease, and mortality by APOE-epsilon 4 genotype.
A cost-effectiveness analysis of n-3 PUFA (Omacor<SUP>®</SUP>) treatment in post-MI patients; This study evaluates the cost-effectiveness of OMACOR treatment as a standard prevention measure post-MI in the UK. A cost-effectiveness model was developed based on the GISSI-P trial, combining a survival and a Markov model, over a lifetime period. The base case results for OMACOR, at 4 years and over a lifetime, respectively, were: Cost per QALY gained: 3,717 pound and 15,189; pound cost per life years gained (LYG): 2,812 pound and 12,011 pound. The cost per death avoided at 4 years was 31,786 pound. Deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses did not change the base case results substantially. The use of OMACOR as a standard post-MI prevention treatment seems warranted in the UK, both on the basis of its efficacy, which is in addition to other prophylactic treatments as evidenced by the results of the GISSI-P trial, and on cost-effectiveness grounds - both at 4 years and over a lifetime's time-horizon, using the current cost-effectiveness thresholds.
Significance of Serum Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Level Imbalance in Patients with Acute Venous Thromboembolism; Aim: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) take part in various biological events linked to the pathogenesis of venous thromboembolism (VTE), including inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and hypercoagulability. Several studies have demonstrated the association between PUFAs and the occurrence of VTE. However, the role of PUFAs in the pathogenesis of VTE remains unclear.
Fibrosis, Thrombosis, and Dacrocytosis: An Unusual Case of Male Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; For decades, omega -3 fatty acids (O3FA) have been used for their cardioprotective effects. Although sev- eral prescription products are available, icosapent ethyl (IPE) is the lone pure, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) -only, O3FA product. Initially approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to reduce tri- glyceride (TG) levels in patients with TG levels 500 mg/dL, the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events With Icosapent Ethyl - Intervention Trial (REDUCE -IT) demonstrated that IPE reduces cardiovascular events in patients with either established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or diabetes plus > 2 ASCVD risk factors, a TG level between 135 mg/dL and 499 mg/dL, and who were taking a statin. IPE is generally well tolerated, but caution is advised if used in patients taking antiplatelet or anticoagulant therapies because of an increased risk of bleeding. Based on the REDUCE -IT trial, the Food and Drug Administration granted IPE an indication for ASCVD risk reduction, making it the first O3FA product to receive such an indication. IPE is a cost-effective approach to reducing residual cardiovascular risk in high risk patients treated with statins.
EFFECTS OF OMEGA-3-FATTY-ACIDS AND VITAMIN-E ON HORMONES INVOLVED IN CARBOHYDRATE AND LIPID-METABOLISM IN MEN; Forty healthy men were fed diets providing 40% of energy from fat and a minimum of 25 mg vitamin E for 28 wk.  During the first 10 wk diets were supplemented with placebo, 15 g mixed fat/d.  During the second 10 wk placebo was replaced by 15 g fish-oil concentrate/d.  During the last 8 wk 200 mg vitamin E/d was added to fish oil.  Compared with placebo, fish-oil feeding significantly increased plasma glucose and decreased triacylglycerol, insulin, glucagon, growth hormone, and somatomedin C.  The changes in plasma cholesterol, cortisol, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S) were not significant.  Fish oil plus vitamin E further decreased insulin, growth hormone, and DHEA-S and reversed the effect of fish-oil on somatomedin C.  The changes in glucose, glucagon, growth hormone, and cortisol were not significant.  Thus, changes in plasma glucose and lipids caused by dietary fish oil alone and with fish oil plus vitamin E appear to be due to alterations in hormones involved in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
High-dose omega-3 fatty acids have no effect on platelet aggregation or coagulation measured with static and flow-based aggregation instruments and Sonoclot; an observational study in healthy volunteers; The effect of omega-3 fatty acids on platelet aggregation and coagulation is highly unclear. Studies both support and refute the impacts of omega-3 fatty acids on prolonged bleeding time and platelet inhibition as well as its purported positive effects on cardiovascular disease. In a previous pilot study we suggested an inhibition of platelet aggregation measured with multiple electrode aggregometry. Following on that, the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of supplementary high doses of omega-3 fatty acids on platelet aggregation and coagulation in a sample-size calculated number of healthy volunteers using Sonoclot, multiple electrode aggregometry, and flow-based Cellix instruments after 10 days of omega-3 fatty acid intake. Twelve healthy human volunteers ingested 2520 mg of supplementary omega-3 fatty acids per day for 10 days. Venous blood was sampled and platelet aggregation and coagulation were measured before and after the treatment period. The viscoelastic test instrument Sonoclot, multiple electrode aggregometry, and flow-based Cellix instruments with collagen-coated channels were used to evaluate platelet aggregation and coagulation. There were no differences in any of the measured variables after the treatment period as compared to before. In this well-powered study on healthy volunteers, no effects of high doses of omega-3 fatty acids after 10 days of intake could be demonstrated, either on coagulation or platelet function. Further studies are needed to clarify whether omega-3 fatty acids have a role in the regulation of the putative complex processes in vivo.
Diabetes-induced abnormalities of mitochondrial function in rat brain cortex: the effect of n-3 fatty acid diet; Diabetic encephalopathy, a proven complication of diabetes is associated with gradually developing end-organ damage in the CNS increasing the risk of stroke, cognitive dysfunction or Alzheimer's disease. This study investigated the response of rat cortical mitochondria to streptozotocin-induced diabetes and the potential for fish oil emulsion (FOE) to modulate mitochondrial function. Diabetes-induced deregulation of the respiratory chain function as a result of diminished complex I activity (CI) and cytochrome c oxidase hyperactivity was associated with attenuation of antioxidant defense of isolated cortical mitochondria, monitored by SOD activity, the thiol content, the dityrosine and protein-lipid peroxidation adduct formation. A parallel reduction in phosphorylation of the energy marker AMPK has pointed out to disrupted energy homeostasis. Dietary FOE administration partially preserved CI activity, restored AMPK phosphorylation, but was unable to attenuate oxidative stress and prevent the shift toward saturated fatty acids in the cardiolipin composition. Moreover, diabetes has induced alterations in the protein expression of the regulatory COX4 subunit of cytochrome c oxidase, in the inhibitory factor IF1 and ATP5A subunit of F0F1-ATP synthase, in the uncoupling protein UCP4 and supramolecular organization of the respiratory complexes. FOE administration to diabetic rats has partially reversed these alterations. This study suggests diabetes-induced dysfunction of brain cortical mitochondria and its modulation by FOE administration. The intricate diabetic milieu and the n-3 FA nutrigenomic strength, however require further investigations to be able to unequivocally evaluate neuroprotective and adverse effects of FOE supplementation on the diabetic brain function.
Characterization of lipids and antioxidant capacity of novel nutraceutical egg products developed with omega-3-rich oils; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease has had an unquestioned status of the number one cause of death in the US since 1921. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (?-3 PUFAs) have cardio-protective benefits. However, egg is typically a poor source of ?-3 PUFAs and, in general, the American diet is low in these cardio-protective fatty acids. Novel, nutritionally enhanced egg products were developed by substituting yolk with ?-3 PUFA-rich flaxseed, menhaden, algae, or krill oil. Experimental egg products matched composition of hen egg (whole egg). The experimental egg products, mixed whole egg, and a liquid egg product (Egg Beater(TM)) were microwave-cooked and compared.
The Role of FADS1/2 Polymorphisms on Cardiometabolic Markers and Fatty Acid Profiles in Young Adults Consuming Fish Oil Supplements; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs) known to influence cardiometabolic markers of health. Evidence suggests that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the fatty acid desaturase 1 and 2 (FADS1/2) gene cluster may influence an individual's response to n-3 FAs. This study examined the impact of a moderate daily dose of EPA and DHA fish oil supplements on cardiometabolic markers, FA levels in serum and red blood cells (RBC), and whether these endpoints were influenced by SNPs in FADS1/2. Young adults consumed fish oil supplements (1.8 g total EPA/DHA per day) for 12 weeks followed by an 8-week washout period. Serum and RBC FA profiles were analyzed every two weeks by gas chromatography. Two SNPs were genotyped: rs174537 in FADS1 and rs174576 in FADS2. Participants had significantly reduced levels of blood triglycerides (-13%) and glucose (-11%) by week 12; however, these benefits were lost during the washout period. EPA and DHA levels increased significantly in serum (+250% and +51%, respectively) and RBCs (+132% and +18%, respectively) within the first two weeks of supplementation and remained elevated throughout the 12-week period. EPA and DHA levels in RBCs only (not serum) remained significantly elevated (+37% and +24%, respectively) after the washout period. Minor allele carriers for both SNPs experienced greater increases in RBC EPA levels during supplementation; suggesting that genetic variation at this locus can influence an individual's response to fish oil supplements.
Intake levels of dietary long-chain PUFAs modify the association between genetic variation in <i>FADS</i> and LDL-C; Polymorphisms of the FA desaturase (FADS) gene cluster have been associated with LDL, HDL, and triglyceride concentrations. Because FADS converts alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid into PUFAs, we investigated the interaction between different PUFA intakes and the FADS polymorphism rs174547 (T>C) on fasting blood lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. We included 4,635 individuals (60% females, 45-68 years) from the Swedish population-based Malmo Diet and Cancer cohort. Dietary intakes were assessed by a modified diet history method including 7-day registration of cooked meals. The C-allele of rs174547 was associated with lower LDL concentration (P = 0.03). We observed significant interaction between rs174547 and long-chain omega-3 PUFA intakes on LDL (P = 0.01); the C-allele was only associated with lower LDL among individuals in the lowest tertile of long-chain omega-3 PUFA intakes (P < 0.001). In addition, significant interaction was observed between rs174547 and the ratio of ALA and linoleic FA intakes on HDL (P = 0.03). However, no significant associations between the C-allele and HDL were detected within the intake tertiles of the ratio. Our findings suggest that dietary intake levels of different PUFAs modify the associated effect of genetic variation in FADS on LDL and HDL.-Hellstrand, S., E. Sonestedt, U. Ericson, B. Gullberg, E. Wirfalt, B. Hedblad, and M. Orho-Melander. Intake levels of dietary PUFAs modify the association between genetic variation in FADS and LDL-C. J. Lipid Res. 2012. 53: 1183-1189.
Relationship between Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Metabolism and Atherosclerosis; Multiple factors cause atherosclerosis, meaning its pathogenesis is complex, and has not been fully elucidated. Polyunsaturated fatty acids are a member of the fatty acid family, which are critical nutrients for mammalian growth and development. The types of polyunsaturated fatty acids ingested, their serum levels, and fatty acid desaturase can influence the atherosclerotic disease progression. The fatty acid desaturase gene cluster can regulate fatty acid desaturase activity and further affect atherosclerosis. This study reviewed the research progress on the effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on atherosclerosis regulated by fatty acid desaturase and the relationship between genetic variants of the fatty acid desaturase gene cluster and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Ochratoxin A and Aflatoxin B1 Detection in Laying Hens for Omega 3-Enriched Eggs Production; Mycotoxins are toxic secondary metabolites produced by fungal species that usually contaminate foods and feeds. Their lipophilic properties allow them to persist in the fat tissues of animals that ingest them, representing a risk for the consumers because of their toxicity and carcinogenicity. Apart from their toxicity to humans, there are species more susceptible to the mycotoxin actions, such as the avian ones. This report describes a case in a laying hen farm certified as antibiotic-free, where animals were fed with foodstuff with linseed added to obtain eggs enriched in omega-3 fat acids. In this case, the concurrent action of aflatoxin B1 and ochratoxin A caused a significant decrease in production and an increase in mortality. At pathologic examinations, the animals showed severe kidney degeneration along with liver lesions. The ovary and oviduct were hypoplastic, and evident signs of anemia were observed. Aflatoxin B1 and ochratoxin A were detected by HPLC in foodstuff with the addition of linseed and in organs. This case wants to drive attention to the importance of a careful check of the feedstuff to be used in poultry farms with a quality-oriented production, in order to avoid contaminations that can harm both animal welfare and public health.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: moving towards precision use for prevention and treatment of colorectal cancer; Data from experimental studies have demonstrated that marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (O3FAs) have anti-inflammatory and anticancer properties. In the last decade, large-scale randomised controlled trials of pharmacological delivery of O3FAs and prospective cohort studies of dietary O3FA intake have continued to investigate the relationship between O3FA intake and colorectal cancer (CRC) risk and mortality. Clinical data suggest that O3FAs have differential anti-CRC activity depending on several host factors (including pretreatment blood O3FA level, ethnicity and systemic inflammatory response) and tumour characteristics (including location in the colorectum, histological phenotype (eg, conventional adenoma or serrated polyp) and molecular features (eg, microsatellite instability, cyclooxygenase expression)). Recent data also highlight the need for further investigation of the effect of O3FAs on the gut microbiota as a possible anti-CRC mechanism, when used either alone or in combination with other anti-CRC therapies. Overall, these data point towards a precision approach to using O3FAs for optimal prevention and treatment of CRC based on mechanistic understanding of host, tumour and gut microbiota factors that predict anticancer activity of O3FAs.
Triglycerides: a case for treatment?; Purpose of review
Comparison of the effect of omega-3 supplements and fresh fish on lipid profile: a randomized, open-labeled trial; Background: Dietary fish is a rich source of Omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). These compounds may have protective effect against cardiovascular events possibly by modifying lipid profiles. Consequently, fish oil supplements are produced commercially to complement low fish intake. It is not clear if both interventions have similar effects. The aim of this trial was to compare the anti-hyperlipidemic effect of omega3 fatty acid supplements with fresh fish.
Stress, Food, and Inflammation: Psychoneuroimmunology and Nutrition at the Cutting Edge; Inflammation is the common link among the leading causes of death. Mechanistic studies have shown how various dietary components can modulate key pathways to inflammation, including sympathetic activity, oxidative stress, transcription factor nuclear factor-kappa B activation, and proinflammatory cytokine production. Behavioral studies have demonstrated that stressful events and depression can also influence inflammation through these same processes. If the joint contributions of diet and behavior to inflammation were simply additive, they would be important. However, several far more intriguing interactive possibilities are discussed: stress influences food choices; stress can enhance maladaptive metabolic responses to unhealthy meals; and diet can affect mood as well as proinflammatory responses to stressors. Furthermore, because the vagus nerve innervates tissues involved in the digestion, absorption, and metabolism of nutrients, vagal activation can directly and profoundly influence metabolic responses to food, as well as inflammation; in turn, both depression and stress have well-documented negative effects on vagal activation, contributing to the lively interplay between the brain and the gut. As one example, omega-3 fatty acid intake can boost mood and vagal tone, dampen nuclear factor-kappa B activation and responses to endotoxin, and modulate the magnitude of inflammatory responses to stressors. A better understanding of how stressors, negative emotions, and unhealthy meals work together to enhance inflammation will benefit behavioral and nutritional research, as well as the broader biomedical community.
Dietary Echium Oil Increases Long-Chain n-3 PUFAs, Including Docosapentaenoic Acid, in Blood Fractions and Alters Biochemical Markers for Cardiovascular Disease Independently of Age, Sex, and Metabolic Syndrome; Dietary supplementation with echium oil (EO) containing stearidonic acid (SDA) is a plant-based strategy to improve long-chain (LC) n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status in humans. We investigated the effect of EO on LC n-3 PUFA accumulation in blood and biochemical markers with respect to age, sex, and metabolic syndrome. This double-blind, parallel-arm, randomized controlled study started with a 2-wk run-in period, during which participants (n = 80) were administered 17 g/d run-in oil. Normal-weight individuals from 2 age groups (20-35 and 49-69 y) were allotted to EO or fish oil (FO; control) groups. During the 8-wk intervention, participants were administered either 17 g/d EO (2 g SDA; n = 59) or FO [1.9 g eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA); n = 19]. Overweight individuals with metabolic syndrome (n = 19) were recruited for EO treatment only. During the 10-wk study, the participants followed a dietary n-3 PUFA restriction, e.g., no fish. After the 8-wk EO treatment, increases in the LC n-3 metabolites EPA (168% and 79%) and docosapentaenoic acid [DPA (68% and 39%)] were observed, whereas docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) decreased (-5% and -23%) in plasma and peripheral blood mononuclear cells, respectively. Compared with FO, the efficacy of EO to increase EPA and DPA in blood was significantly lower (similar to 25% and similar to 50%, respectively). A higher body mass index (BM I) was associated with lower relative and net increases in EPA and DPA. Compared with baseline, EO significantly reduced serum cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, oxidized LDL, and triglyceride (TG), but also HDL cholesterol, regardless of age and BMI. In the FO group, only TG decreased. Overall, daily intake of 15-20 g EO increased EPA and DPA in blood but had no influence on DHA. EO lowered cardiovascular risk markers, e.g., serum TG, which is particularly relevant for individuals with metabolic syndrome. Natural EO could be a noteworthy source of n-3 PUFA in human nutrition. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01856179.
Fatty acids and TxA<sub>2</sub> generation, in the absence of platelet-COX-1 activity; Background and aims: Omega-3 fatty acids suppress Thromboxane A(2) (TxA(2)) generation via mechanisms independent to that of aspirin therapy. We sought to evaluate whether baseline omega-3 fatty acid levels influence arachidonic acid proven platelet-cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1) independent TxA(2) generation (TxA(2) generation despite adequate aspirin use).
Supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids augments brachial artery dilation and blood flow during forearm contraction; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have beneficial effects on the heart and vasculature. We tested the hypothesis that 6 weeks of dietary supplementation with DHA (2.0 g/day) and EPA (3.0 g/day) enhances exercise-induced increases in brachial artery diameter and blood flow during rhythmic exercise. In seven healthy subjects, blood pressure, heart rate and brachial artery diameter, blood flow, and conductance were assessed before and during the last 30 s of 90 s of rhythmic handgrip exercise (30% of maximal handgrip tension). Blood pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), and brachial artery vascular conductance were also determined. This paradigm was also performed in six other healthy subjects who received 6 weeks of placebo (safflower oil). Placebo treatment had no effect on any variable. DHA and EPA supplementation enhanced contraction-induced increases in brachial artery diameter (0.28 +/- 0.04 vs. 0.14 +/- 0.03 mm), blood flow (367 +/- 65 vs. 293 +/- 55 ml min-1) and conductance (3.86 +/- 0.71 vs. 2.89 +/- 0.61 ml min-1 mmHg-1) (P < 0.05). MAP and HR were unchanged. Results indicate that treatment with DHA and EPA enhances brachial artery blood flow and conductance during exercise. These findings may have implications for individuals with cardiovascular disease and exercise intolerance (e.g., heart failure).
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and coronary heart disease-related mortality: a possible mechanism of action; Epidemiological and interventional studies indicate that dietary n-3 PUFA reduces mortality due to coronary heart disease (CHD). They act at a low dose, since one or two meals with fatty fish per week is sufficient to provide protection when compared with no fish intake. These fatty acids are effective in providing primary prevention in low- and high-risk subjects and secondary prevention. At high doses, dietary n-3 PUFAs have several beneficial properties. First, they act favourably on blood characteristics: they are hypocholesterolemic and hypotriglyceridemic; they reduce platelet aggregation; they exhibit antithrombotic and fibrinolytic activities; they reduce blood viscosity and they exhibit antiinflammatory action, Second, they reduce ischemia/reperfusion-induced cellular damage. This effect is apparently due to the incorporation of eicosapentaenoic acid in membrane phospholipids. Third, they reduce ischemia and reperfusion arrhythmias. All the effects exerted by n-3 PUFAs at high doses are incompatible with the beneficial action on CHD mortality in humans observed at low doses, where their main properties are related to circulation in the form of free fatty acids. Numerous experimental studies have indicated that low concentrations of exogenous. n-3 PUFAs reduce the severity of cardiac arrhythmias. This effect is probably responsible for the protective action of n-3 PUFA on CHD mortality. Further studies are necessary to confirm this assumption in animals. Such studies should take account of the fact that only a low dose of n-3 PUFA (20 mg/kg/day) is necessary to afford protection. Furthermore, since the beneficial effect of n-3 PUFAs on CHD mortality is observed in fish eaters versus no-fish eaters, and since populations in industrialised countries consume excess n-6 PUFAs, control animals in long-term dietary experiments should be fed a diet with only n-6 fatty acids as a source of PUFAs.
Gamma linolenic acid regulates PHD2 mediated hypoxia and mitochondrial apoptosis in DEN induced hepatocellular carcinoma; Introduction: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the known major health problems across the globe, and is sixth ranked among all cancer, due to its high mortality rate. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in the formation of a cell membrane, along with the fluidity of the membrane and proteins. Gamma linolenic acid (GLA) is member of the omega-6 family of PUFAs and converts into the arachidonic acid via a series of elongation and denaturation reactions. The aim of the current investigation was to scrutinize the effect of GLA on mitochondrial mediated apoptosis and anti-inflammatory pathway against diethylnitrosamine (DEN) induced HCC.
Carnitine and acylcarnitine profiles in dried blood spots of patients with acute myocardial infarction; Earlier studies have suggested an important role of carnitine pathway in cardiovascular pathology. However, the redistribution of carnitine and acylcarnitine pools, as a result of altered carnitine metabolism, is not clearly known in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). We compared the carnitine and acylcarnitine profiles of 65 AMI patients, including 26 ST-elevated myocardial infarction (STEMI) and 39 non-ST-elevated myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), 28 patients with chest pain and 154 normal controls. The levels of carnitine and acylcarnitines in the blood spots were determined using LC-MS/MS. Total and free carnitine levels were significantly higher in all the patient groups in the following order: STEMI > NSTEMI > chest pain. The levels of short- and medium-chain acylcarnitines were significantly higher in patient groups. Among the long-chain acylcarnitines, C14:2 and C16:1 levels were significantly increased in STEMI and NSTEMI. The ratio of free carnitine to short-chain or medium-chain acylcarnitines was significantly decreased in STEMI, NSTEMI and chest pain patients however a significant increase was observed in the ratio of carnitine to long-chain acylcarnitines in all the patient groups as compared to normal controls. In conclusion, alterations in carnitine and acylcarnitine levels in the blood of AMI patients indicate the possibility of impaired carnitine homeostasis in ischemic myocardium. The clinical implications of these findings for the risk screening or diagnosis and prognosis of AMI require additional follow-up studies on large number of patients. We also suggest that a dual-marker strategy using carnitine (longer plasma half-life) in combination with troponin (shorter plasma half-life) could be a more promising biomarker strategy in risk stratification of patients.
A 4-Week Repeated Oral Dose Toxicity Study of Dairy Fat Naturally Enriched in Vaccenic, Rumenic and α-Linolenic Acids in Rats; Few studies have focused on the toxicological risks of dairy fat intake. A standard dairy fat (SDF) with a 70% SPA content and a naturally enriched dairy fat (EDF) in vaccenic, rumenic and a-linolenic acids and low in SPA (54%) have been examined in a 4-week repeated dose oral toxicity study as a daily dose of 2000 mg/kg bw by gavage in rats. Comparisons were established with a third group of rats (control) which did not receive fat administration. Both fats were well tolerated, and no adverse events or mortality were observed during the treatment nor after a 2-week observation period. EDF and SDF did not cause significant differences with respect to a control group in body weight gain, food consumption, clinical observations, organ weight ratios, histopathological findings and most of the hematological and biochemical parameters including total cholesterol and cholesterol fractions in plasma. In rats treated with SDF, a significant increase of triglycerides was observed as compared to the control group. By contrast, in rats treated with EDF, a significant decrease in triglycerides was detected. EDF orally administered to rats was safe, and no treatment-related toxicity was detected. The results also suggest that EDF could protect against the increase of triglyceride concentrations in plasma.
Omega-3 Fatty Acid Grafted PAMAM-Paclitaxel Conjugate Exhibits Enhanced Anticancer Activity in Upper Gastrointestinal Cancer Cells; Upper Gastrointestinal Cancers (UGCs) are a leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Paclitaxel (PTX) is frequently used for the treatment of UGCs; however, low bio-availability, reduced solubility, and dose-dependent toxicity impede its therapeutic use. PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2-DHA is synthesized by linking amine-terminated fourth-generation poly(amidoamine) (PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2) dendrimers with omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Next, PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2-DHA-PTX (DHATX) and PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2-PTX (PAX) conjugates are synthesized by subsequent covalent binding of PTX with PAMAMG(4.0)-NH(2)DHA and PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2, respectively. H-1-NMR and MALDI-TOF analyses are performed to confirm conjugation of DHA to PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2 and PTX to PAMAMG(4.0)-NH2-DHA. The cell viability, clonogenic cell survival, and flow cytometry analyses are used to determine the anticancer activity of PTX, PAX, and DHATX in UGC cell lines. The in vitro data indicate that treatment with DHATX is significantly more potent than PTX or PAX at inhibiting cellular proliferation, suppressing long-term survival, and inducing cell death in UGC cells.
Enteral Nutrition in the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit: Challenges and Considerations; Cardiovascular disease is a common preexisting condition among hospitalized patients. Acute myocardial infarction and cardiac surgery account for 2 of the most common reasons patients are admitted to the intensive care unit. Determining how and when to feed these patients is a constant challenge presented to nutrition support practitioners. Enteral nutrition has emerged as the preferred route of feeding particularly in critical illness. By providing enteral nutrition instead of parenteral nutrition, the natural physiologic pathway is being followed and gut immunity preserved. However, obstacles such as upper gastrointestinal intolerance, hypoperfusion vasopressor support, and glycemic control make the task of initiating feeds a challenge. Once a patient has successfully tolerated feeds, the nutrition support clinician must still determine how much to feed and if specialty formulas such as those containing omega-3 fatty acids are beneficial for their patient. The purpose of this review is to present recent research on the feeding challenges in the critical care population with a focus on the cardiothoracic population and an emphasis on improving patient outcomes. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2008;23:510-520)
Dietary fish oil reduces the occurrence of early afterdepolarizations in pig ventricular myocytes; Fish oil reduces sudden cardiac death in post myocardial infarction patients. Life-threatening arrhythmias in heart failure are associated with repolarization abnormalities leading to EAD(1) formation. We examined the effects of incorporated fish oil omega 3-PUFAs2 on EAD formation in pig myocytes. Pigs were fed a diet rich in fish oil or sunflower oil (control) for 8 weeks. Myocytes were isolated by enzymatic dissociation and patch-clamped. Susceptibility to EAD formation was tested using E4031 (5 mu M), a blocker of I-Kr. The fish oil diet in pigs resulted in increased incorporation of omega 3-PUFAs in the sarcolemma of the myocytes compared to the control diet and caused a reduced occurrence of E4031-induced EADs in pig myocytes. A shorter action potential, a reduced action potential prolongation in response to E-4031 and a reduced reactivation of I-Ca,I-L by omega 3-PUFAs may explain the observed reduction in EADs. A diet rich in fish oil protects against EAD formation. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary fish oil prevents the development of renal damage in salt-loaded stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats; 1. Stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) fed a high salt diet rapidly develop proteinuria, a marker of renal damage, We have recently shown that supplementing the diet of these rats with pure omega-3 fatty acids can inhibit the development of proteinuria. The aim of the present study was to examine the underlying renal pathology and to see whether a similar benefit could be obtained with fish oil or canola oil.
Effects of diet composition on coagulation pathways; Total dietary fat intake is an important determinant of factor VII coagulant activity, a hemostatic risk factor for fatal ischemic heart disease in middle-aged men. This association has a long-term effect by which a high-fat diet increases plasma factor VII antigen concentration, and an acute effect whereby a small proportion of factor VII is converted from its proenzyme to active serine protease for several hours postprandially. In adults whose usual diet is rich in long-chain saturated fatty acids, postprandial activation of factor VII occurs irrespective of the fatty acid composition. The underlying mechanism appears to require lipolysis and the presence of another coagulant protein, factor IX. There is limited evidence that factor VII activation after a meal rich in polyunsaturated fatty acid is blunted when the background diet also has a high content of polyunsaturated fatty acid. Meals rich in medium-chain triacylglycerols do not induce factor VII activation. The effects of dietary enrichment with n-3 fatty acids on factor VII are uncertain. All studies have been confined to the fasting state, and only one suggested changes consistent with factor VII activation. Fibrinogen concentration, another major hemostatic risk factor for ischemic heart disease, is uninfluenced by dietary fat content or composition, the one exception being inconsistent reports of a reduction after dietary enrichment with n-3 fatty acids. Overall, the evidence so fa;indicates that total dietary fat intake is more important than dietary fat composition for factor VII and by implication its attendant risk of fatal ischemic heart disease in high-risk populations.
The inhibition of fat cell proliferation by <i>n</i>-<i>3</i> fatty acids in dietary obese mice; Background: Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) of marine origin exert multiple beneficial effects on health. Our previous study in mice showed that reduction of adiposity by LC n-3 PUFA was associated with both, a shift in adipose tissue metabolism and a decrease in tissue cellularity. The aim of this study was to further characterize the effects of LC n-3 PUFA on fat cell proliferation and differentiation in obese mice.
Unexpected similarity in RBC DHA and AA levels between bottlenose dolphins and humans; Background: The Omega-3 Index [red blood cell (RBC) content of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)+docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] is inversely related to risk of cardiovascular disease in humans. In the U.S., the average Omega-3 Index is about 4-6% of RBC fatty acids, whereas in Japan it is 9-10%. The range of physiologically-possible levels for the Omega-3 Index in other mammals is unknown.
Inappropriate pattern of nutrient consumption and coexistent cardiometabolic disorders in elderly people from Poland; INTRODUCTION Nutritional recommendations are aimed at, among others, reducing morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular diseases and metabolic disorders, which are common in the aging population. Adherence to these recommendations allows not only to stop the progression of a disease but also to improve the overall health of elderly patients.
Effect of n-3 fatty acids on carotid atherosclerosis and haemostasis in patients with combined hyperlipoproteinemia:: A double-blind pilot study in primary prevention; Background. Intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) either from natural sources or dietary supplementation is inversely associated with atherothrombosis.
<i>Salvia hispanica</i> (chia) as a promising source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with antiatherogenic and cardioprotective properties; Chia (Salvia hispanica L.) is an annual plant that belongs to the Lamiaceae family. It is native to Mesoamerica, today's Mexico and Guatemala, where it has been cultivated since ancient times. Chia seed contains up to 18% alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3), which constitutes about 60% of total fatty acids, making S. hispanica one of the richest plant sources of this essential fatty acid. ALA, an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), serves as the precursor of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6), long-chain n-3 PUFAs that exert the antiatherogenic and cardioprotective effects. In humans, consumption of chia seeds leads to an increase in plasma ALA and EPA levels, and stimulates endogenous DHA synthesis. Among the beneficial effects of chia seed supplementation is also a reduction in total cholesterol and VLDL cholesterol with a concomitant increase in HDL cholesterol in hyperlipidemic subjects, a significant reduction in the systolic blood pressure (SBP) in hypertensive individuals, an attenuation of postprandial hyperglycemia, and a decrease in plasma levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) - the marker of inflammation. In view of these findings, chia seeds can be considered an important component of a cardioprotective diet.
Catch of the Day: Icosapent Ethyl for Reducing Cardiovascular Risk; For decades, omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) have been used for their cardioprotective effects. Although several prescription products are available, icosapent ethyl (IPE) is the lone pure, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-only, O3FA product. Initially approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to reduce triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with TG levels >= 500 mg/dL, the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events With Icosapent Ethyl- Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) demonstrated that IPE reduces cardiovascular events in patients with either established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or diabetes plus >= 2 ASCVD risk factors, a TG level between 135 mg/dL and 499 mg/dL, and who were taking a statin. IPE is generally well tolerated, but caution is advised if used in patients taking antiplatelet or anticoagulant therapies because of an increased risk of bleeding. Based on the REDUCE-IT trial, the Food and Drug Administration granted IPE an indication for ASCVD risk reduction, making it the first O3FA product to receive such an indication. IPE is a cost-effective approach to reducing residual cardiovascular risk in high risk patients treated with statins. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of fish-oil supplementation on myocardial fatty acids in humans; Background: Increased fish or fish-oil consumption is associated with reduced risk of cardiac mortality, especially sudden death. This benefit putatively arises from the incorporation of the long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) into cardiomyocyte phospholipids.
The effect of dietary <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids on serum concentrations of C-reactive protein:: a dose-response study; C-reactive protein (CRP) is a sensitive marker for low-grade inflammation. Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have anti-inflammatory effects. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effect on serum levels of CRP of n-3 PUFA at two different doses. We also investigated correlations between CRP and the cellular contents of PUFA. Sixty healthy volunteers (twenty-five women and thirty-five men) were randomly assigned to three treatment groups in a double-blind design. The subjects received a supplement of either 6.6 g n-3 PUFA/d, 2.0 g n-3 PUFA/d or placebo (olive oil) for 12 weeks. CRP was measured using a highly sensitive assay. The median serum CRP concentration was 0.78 mg/l. No significant correlations were found between CRP and the content of n-3 PUFA in granulocytes or platelets. Subjects receiving n-3 PUFA had a significant (P<0.01) increase in the cellular contents of 20 : 5n-3, 22 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3, with the largest increase occurring in the group receiving 6.6 g PUFA/d. A significant (P<0.01) decrease in cellular content of 18 : 2n-6 and 20 : 4n-6 was observed simultaneously. Serum CRP concentrations, however, were unaffected by the PUFA-containing supplements. The present study shows that dietary supplementation with PUFA-containing supplements has no effect on serum concentrations of CRP, measured with a highly sensitive assay, in healthy subjects.
EFFECTS ON BLOOD-PRESSURE OF OMEGA-3 FATS IN SUBJECTS AT INCREASED RISK OF CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; This study was conducted to compare the effects of omega3 fatty acids, taken as fish or fish-oil supplements in the setting of a high- or low-fat dietary background, on blood pressure and heart rate in men with moderate cardiovascular risks. One hundred twenty men were randomly allocated to five high-fat (40% of daily energy) and two low-fat (30% of energy) groups to undertake a 12-week dietary intervention period involving fish, fish oil, or a combination of these. Sodium intake was restricted to less than 90 mmol/d. The five high-fat groups were assigned to take either 6 or 12 fish-oil capsules daily, fish or a combination of fish oil and fish, or placebo capsules. The two low-fat groups took either fish or placebo capsules. Fish meals were devised to provide 1.3 g of eicosapentaenoic acid daily, equivalent to that contained in 6 fish-oil capsules. Subjects were instructed to eat a selection of fish that provided an average of 3.65 g/d (range, 3.2 to 4.1 g/d) of total omega3 fatty acids. Subjects were seen at regular intervals during the baseline and dietary intervention periods for measurement of weight, blood pressure, heart rate, dietary compliance, urinary electrolyte excretion, platelet phospholipid fatty acids, blood glucose, and insulin concentration. There was a greater fall in both systolic and diastolic blood pressures in subjects allocated fish or fish oil, particularly in the low-fat groups, compared with control subjects. However, there was no significant group effect. For all groups combined, there were highly significant relations, independent of changes in weight and urinary sodium and potassium excretions, between the fall in blood pressure and the increase in omega3 and decrease in omega6 fatty acids in platelet phospholipids. The fall in heart rate observed in the fish and fish-oil-supplemented groups was significantly related to the changes in platelet omega3 and omega6 fatty acids. It is proposed that, in addition to previously reported alterations in platelet eicosanoid production, similar changes in fatty acid composition at the vascular and myocardial cellular levels result in the cardiovascular responses observed.
Serum concentration of eicosapentaenoic acid is associated with cognitive function in patients with coronary artery disease; Background: Recent studies have shown that intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is associated with reduced risk of cognitive impairment and coronary artery disease (CAD); however, it is currently unknown whether reduced serum n-3 PUFA is associated with cognitive impairment in patients with CAD.
A Double-Blind Randomized Study Comparing the Efficacy and Safety of a Composite vs a Conventional Intravenous Fat Emulsion in Postsurgical Gastrointestinal Tumor Patients; Background: Composite intravenous fat emulsion, a fat emulsion composed of soybean oil, medium-chain triglycerides (MCT), olive oil, and fish oil, was evaluated for metabolic efficacy, immune modulation, clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerance in surgical gastrointestinal (GI) tumor patients. Methods: In a prospective, randomized, double-blind study, 40 patients were randomized after elective digestive surgery to receive isonitrogenous, isoenergetic parenteral nutrition for 5 days postoperatively with either composite 20% IVFE (composed of soybean, MCT, olive, and fish oils) or a conventional long-chain triglyceride (LCT)/MCT 20% IVFE (LCT/MCT IVFE); IVFE was dosed at 1-2 g/kg body weight. Safety and efficacy parameters were assessed on operation day (day 0) and at the end of study (day 6). Adverse events were documented daily and clinical outcomes were recorded and compared between the groups. Results: Metabolic parameters, laboratory parameters, proinflammatory cytokine levels, adverse events, and clinical outcomes did not differ between the 2 groups, with the exception that postoperative low-density lipoprotein levels decreased significantly in the composite IVFE group (93.2 +/- 24.3 vs 110.5 +/- 26.4 mg/dL, P = .038). Conclusions: composite IVFE was comparable with conventional LCT/MCT IVFE in efficacy, safety, tolerance, and clinical outcomes in surgical GI tumor patients. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2012;27:410-415)
Omega-3 fatty acid supplement reduces activation of NADPH oxidase in intracranial atherosclerosis stenosis; Objectives: Intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis (ICAS) is one of the most common causes of stroke worldwide. We adapted a rat model of atherosclerosis to study brain intracranial atherosclerosis, and further investigated how omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) attenuated the development of ICAS by reducing the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and the activation of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) oxidase (NOX) activity.
Intravenous n-3 fatty acids in the critically ill; Purpose of review
Docosahexaenoic acid regulates vascular endothelial cell function and prevents cardiovascular disease; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is present in high concentrations in salmon, herring, and trout. Epidemiologic studies have shown that high dietary consumption of these and other oily fish is associated with reduced rates of myocardial infarction, atherosclerosis, and other ischemic pathologies. Atherosclerosis is induced by inflammation and can lead to acute cardiovascular events and extensive plaque. DHA inhibits the development of inflammation in endothelial cells, alters the function and regulation of vascular biomarkers, and reduces cardiovascular risk. It also affects vascular relaxation and constriction by controlling nitric oxide and endothelin 1 production in endothelial cells. DHA also contributes to the prevention of arteriosclerosis by regulating the expression of oxidized low density lipoprotein receptor 1, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, thromboxane A2 receptor, and adhesion molecules such as vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, and intercellular adhesion molecule 1 in endothelial cells. Recent research showed that DHA reduces the increase in adhesion factor expression induced by lipopolysaccharide by suppressing toll-like receptor 4. A new mechanism of action of DHA has been described that is mediated through endothelial free fatty acid receptor 4, associated with heme oxygenase 1 induction by Nrf2. However, the efficacy and mechanisms of action of DHA in cardiovascular disease prevention are not yet completely understood. The aim of this paper was to review the effects of DHA on vascular endothelial cells and recent findings on their potential for the prevention of circulatory diseases.
Modulation of the arachidonic cascade with ω3 fatty acids or analogues:: Potential therapeutic benefits; Increasing interest in the role of omega 3 fatty acids has arisen in these latest years since evidence of their implication in the cardioprotective fish based diet of the Inuit has been demonstrated. Furthermore, several in vitro, in vivo and epidemiological studies support the benefit of this fatty acids intake in various pathological states such as in the cardiovascular, cancer, inflammation, psychiatric, paediatric, pulmonary, dermatological and ophthalmologic fields. This review will focus on metabolism and pharmacological implication of w3 fatty acids intake as well as its interest in the prevention or treatment of the above-mentioned pathologies.
Sudden cardiac death (SCD) and guidelines for SCD; Sudden cardiac death is mainly caused by arrhythmic events, triggered by ischemia. About half of the affected persons had no previous diagnosis of coronary heart disease, thus rendering them practically unreachable for specific preventive measures. This fact makes it necessary to optimize reanimation conditions. The establishment of international reanimation standards (ILCOR) has stimulated an intensified scientific evaluation of therapeutic options. While the use of vasopressin, adrenaline and reanimation by bystanders is being evaluated at the moment, amiodarone has not fulfilled the expectation of reducing mortality.
Serum Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Hospital Diagnosis of Atrial Fibrillation in Men; Background-Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common cardiac arrhythmia. Regular fish consumption has been shown to reduce the risk of AF in some but not all studies. Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) from fish have been suggested to account for these beneficial effects. We tested this hypothesis by studying the association between the serum long-chain n-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid and risk of AF in men.
Association between the ratio of serum eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid and risk of coronary artery disease in young Chinese patients; ObjectiveLong-chain (LC) omega-3 PUFAs, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may play an anti-inflammatory effect and decrease the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). In contrast, omega-6 PUFA, mainly arachidonic acid (AA), has pro-inflammatory and pro-aggregatory effects, which may increase the risk of CAD. This study evaluated the associations between EPA, DHA, AA, and their ratios (EPA/AA and DHA/AA) with the risk of CAD in young Chinese patients. MethodsA total of 182 young patients with CAD and 143 age-matched controls were included. Traditional cardiovascular risk factors were recorded. Serum EPA, DHA and AA were measured by ultra-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. ResultsThe level of AA was significantly higher, while the level of EPA was lower in the CAD group than that in the control group. There was no significant difference in DHA level in the two groups. Both the ratios of EPA/AA and DHA/AA were lower in the CAD group than that in the control. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that higher serum AA level was associated with the increased risk of CAD, while EPA was a protective factor for CAD. There was no significant association between DHA level and the risk of CAD. Although both higher ratios of EPA/AA [per tertile increment, adjusted odds ratios (ORs) (OR) 0.356, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.247-0.513] and DHA/AA (adjusted OR = 0.465, 95%CI = 0.332-0.653) were associated with a lower risk of CAD in young patients. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis showed that compared with AA, the diagnostic value was increased in EPA/AA, but not in DHA/AA. ConclusionEPA, but not DHA may play a protective role in CAD, while AA may be associated with the increased risk of CAD in young Chinese patients. The ratio of EPA/AA can increase the predictive value for diagnosing CAD than EPA or AA alone.
Effects of prescription niacin and omega-3 fatty acids on lipids and vascular function in metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial; The metabolic syndrome includes both dyslipidemia and impaired vascular function. Because extended-release niacin (ERN) and prescription omega-3 acid ethyl-esters (P-OM3) independently improve these characteristics, we tested their effects in combination. Sixty metabolic syndrome subjects were randomized to 16 weeks of treatment on dual placebo, P-OM3 (4g/day), ERN (2 g/day), or combination in a double-blind trial. Lipoprotein subfractions and vascular endpoints were measured and tested using ANCOVA. ERN increased HDL cholesterol by 5.4 mg/dl from baseline (P = 0.04), decreased triglycerides (TG) by 39 mg/dl (-21%, P = 0.003), and decreased the augmentation index, which is a measure of vascular stiffness, by 3.5 units (P = 0.04). P-OM3 reduced TG by 26 mg/dl (-13%, P = 0.04). Combination treatment increased HDL cholesterol by 7.8 mg/dl (P = 002) and decreased TG by 72 mg/dl (-34%) but there was no improvement in vascular stiffness. Detailed analysis of lipoprotein subfractions revealed increased large, bouyant HDL2 (3.3 mg/dl; P = 0.002) and decreased VLDL1+ 2 (-32%; P < 0.0001), among subjects treated with combination therapy, that were not present with either therapy alone. ERN and P-OM3 alone improved characteristics of metabolic syndrome; however, whereas subjects on combination therapy did not have improved vascular stiffness, TG and HDL levels improved as did certain lipoprotein subfractions.-Shearer, G. C., J. V. Pottala, S. N. Hansen, V. Brandenburg, and W. S. Harris. Effects of prescription niacin and omega-3 fatty acids on lipids and vascular function in metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial. J. Lipid Res. 2012.53:2429-2435.
A Study of the Differential Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) on Gene Expression Profiles of Stimulated Thp-1 Macrophages; Background: An appropriate intake of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids (FAs) such as eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid (EPA/DHA) from marine sources is known to have anti-inflammatory effects. However, molecular mechanisms underlying their beneficial effects on health are not fully understood. The aim of the present study was to characterize gene expression profiles of THP-1 macrophages, incubated in either EPA or DHA and stimulated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS), a pro-inflammatory agent. Methods: THP-1 macrophages were incubated into 10, 50 and 75 mu M of EPA or DHA for 24 h, and 100 nM of LPS was added to the culture media for 18 h. Total mRNA was extracted and gene expression examined by microarray analysis using Illumina Human HT-12 expression beadchips (Illumina). Results: Pathway analysis revealed that EPA and DHA regulate genes involved in cell cycle regulation, apoptosis, immune response and inflammation, oxidative stress and cancer pathways in a differential and dose-dependent manner. Conclusions: EPA and DHA appear to exert differential effects on gene expression in THP-1 macrophages. Specific effects of n-3 FAs on gene expression levels are also dose-dependent.
Anti-Inflammatory Diet for Atherosclerosis and Coronary Artery Disease: Antioxidant Foods; Oxidative stress plays a role in atherosclerotic diseases such as coronary artery disease ( CAD), and much attention has been paid to antioxidant foods. The relationships between the consumption of vegetables and fruits and atherosclerotic diseases have been reported in many epidemiological studies showing a reduced risk of such diseases. In addition to the antioxidant vitamins C and E, green and yellow vegetables contain abundant quantities of carotenoids and polyphenols. The consumption of carotenoids and vitamins C and E has been shown to be inversely associated with CAD. However, supplementation with beta-carotene and vitamins C and E shows no beneficial effect, but rather mortality is increased with beta-carotene and vitamin E supplements. Therefore, it is recommended to consume vegetables and fruits, but vitamin supplementation is not recommended. Many epidemiological studies also report that higher consumption of fish, rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFAs), is associated with a lower risk of CAD and stroke. Antiatherosclerotic effects of n-3 PUFAs include reduced platelet aggregation, triglyceride-lowering effect, anti-inflammatory effect, and plaque stabilization, but the anti-inflammatory effect is principally responsible for preventing atherosclerosis. It is recommended to consume fish at least twice a week in patients without CAD and to consider n-3 PUFA supplements in patients with documented CAD. Regarding soy products, soy protein consumption reduces low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels. Isoflavone, a polyphenol contained in soybeans, has antiatherosclerotic property because it has a structure similar to that of estrogen and bonds with estrogen receptors. High consumption of isoflavone has been reported to be associated with a reduced risk of CAD and stroke only in women, but the preventative effect of soy products in the general population has not yet been clarified. Thus, many epidemiological studies report the promising effects of antioxidant foods, but there are many unclear points remaining with regard to the contribution of the nutritional elements found in antioxidant foods to the prevention of atherosclerotic diseases.
Heart Rate Variability and Long Chain <i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients on Haemodialysis: A Cross-Sectional Pilot Study; Low heart rate variability (HRV) is independently associated with increased risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD) and all cardiac death in haemodialysis patients. Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) may exert anti-arrhythmic effects. This study aimed to investigate relationships between dialysis, sleep and 24 h HRV and LC n-3 PUFA status in patients who have recently commenced haemodialysis. A cross-sectional study was conducted in adults aged 40-80 with chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage 5 (n = 45, mean age 58, SD 9, 20 females and 25 males, 39% with type 2 diabetes). Pre-dialysis blood samples were taken to measure erythrocyte and plasma fatty acid composition (wt % fatty acids). Mean erythrocyte omega-3 index was not associated with HRV following adjustment for age, BMI and use of beta-blocker medication. Higher ratios of erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were associated with lower 24 h vagally-mediated beat-to-beat HRV parameters. Higher plasma EPA and docosapentaenoic acid (DPAn-3) were also associated with lower sleep-time and 24 h beat-to-beat variability. In contrast, higher plasma EPA was significantly related to higher overall and longer phase components of 24 h HRV. Further investigation is required to investigate whether patients commencing haemodialysis may have compromised conversion of EPA to DHA, which may impair vagally-mediated regulation of cardiac autonomic function, increasing risk of SCD.
Towards Establishing Dietary Reference Intakes for Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids; There is considerable interest it) the impact of (n-3) long-chain Pi in. mitigating the. morbidity and mortality caused by chronic diseases. In 2002, the Institute of Medicine Concluded that insufficient data wore available to define Dietary Reference Intakes {DRI} for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), noting only that EPA and DHA could contribute tip to 10% toward meeting the Adequate Intake for alpha-linolenic acid. Since then, substantial new evidence has emerged supporting the need to reassess this recommendation. Therefore, the Technical Committee on Dietary Lipids of the International Life Science, Institute North America sponsored a workshop on 4-5 June 2008 to consider whether the body of evidence specific to the major chronic diseases in the United Stales-coronary heart disease (CHD), cancel, and cognitive decline-had evolved sufficiently to justify reconsideration of DRI for EPA+DHA. The workshop participants arrived at these conclusions: 7) consistent evidence from multiple research paradigms demonstrates a clear, inverse relation between EPA+DHA intake and risk of fatal (and possibly nonfatal) CHID, providing evidence that supports a nutritionally achievable DRI for EPA+DHA between 250 and 500 mg/d; 2) because of the demonstrated low conversion from dietary ALA, protective tissue levels of EPA+DHA car be achieved only through direct consumption of these fatty acids, 3) evidence of beneficial effects of EPA + DHA on cognitive decline are emerging but are riot yet sufficient to support an Intake level different from that needed to achieve CHD risk reduction; 4) EPA+DHA do not appear to reduce risk for cancer, and 5) there is no evidence that intakes of EPA + DHA in these recommended ranges are harmful.. J. Nutr. 139 804S-819S, 2009.
Effect of Omacor on HRV parameters in patients with recent uncomplicated myocardial infarction - A randomized, parallel group, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial: study design [ISRCTN75358739]; Background: A large body of data derived from animal, epidemiological and clinical studies indicate that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have a favourable effect on the prognosis of patients with cardiovascular disease in general, and on reducing sudden death in particular.
Development of Poly Unsaturated Fatty Acid Derivatives of Aspirin for Inhibition of Platelet Function; The inhibition of platelet aggregation is key to preventing conditions such as myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke. Aspirin is the most widely used drug to inhibit platelet aggregation. Aspirin absorption can be improved further to increase its permeability across biologic membranes via esterification or converting the carboxylic acid to an anhydride. There are several reports indicating that omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids such as linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) separately inhibit platelet aggregation. Herein, we synthesize anhydride conjugates of aspirin with linoleic acid, EPA, and DHA to form aspirin anhydrides that are expected to have higher permeability across cellular membranes. These aspirin-fatty acid anhydrides inhibited platelet aggregation in washed human platelets and platelet-rich plasma in a dose-dependent manner. In particular, the aspirin-DHA anhydride displayed similar effectiveness to aspirin. Platelet aggregation studies conducted in the presence of various platelet agonists indicated that the aspirin-lipid conjugates act through inhibition of the cyclooxygenase (COX)thromboxane synthase (TXAS) pathway. Hence, we performed detailed biochemical studies using purified COX-1 as well as TXAS stabilized in nanoscale lipid bilayers of nanodiscs to confirm results from the platelet aggregation studies. We show that although all of the aspirin conjugates act through the COX-TXAS pathway by inhibiting COX-1, the parent fatty acids do not act via this pathway. Finally, we studied the hydrolysis of these compounds in buffer and human plasma, and we demonstrate that all of the aspirin-fatty acid conjugates hydrolyze to the parent molecules aspirin and fatty acid in a controlled manner.
Dietary Supplements Commonly Used by Cancer Survivors: Are There Any Benefits?; Following a cancer diagnosis, dietary supplements are reportedly used by 20%-80% of individuals. Supplements are most commonly used by breast cancer survivors, followed by patients with prostate, colorectal, and lung cancers, which is not surprising since these are the most common types of cancer diagnosed in adults. Reasons cited for such use include improving quality of life, reducing symptoms related to treatment and/or the disease process, and recommendation from medical practitioners; family and friends may also be an influence. However, controversy surrounds the use of dietary supplements, particularly during treatmentspecifically, whether supplements affect treatment efficacy is unknown. This article discusses the evidence related to common dietary supplements used to prevent cancer or a recurrence.
Effect of Probiotic (VSL#3) and Omega-3 on Lipid Profile, Insulin Sensitivity, Inflammatory Markers, and Gut Colonization in Overweight Adults: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; To evaluate the effects of probiotic (VSL# 3) and omega-3 fatty acid on insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, and inflammation, we conducted a clinical trial in 60 overweight (BMI > 25), healthy adults, aged 40-60 years. After initial screening the subjects were randomized into four groups with 15 per group. The four groups received, respectively, placebo, omega-3 fatty acid, probioticVSL#3, or both omega-3 and probiotic, for 6 weeks. Blood and fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 6 weeks. The probiotic (VSL#3) supplemented group had significant reduction in total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, and VLDL and had increased HDL (P < 0.05) value. VSL# 3 improved insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01), decreased hsCRP, and favorably affected the composition of gut microbiota. Omega-3 had significant effect on insulin sensitivity and hsCRP but had no effect on gut microbiota. Addition of omega-3 fatty acid with VSL# 3 hadmore pronounced effect on HDL, insulin sensitivity and hsCRP. Subjects with low HDL, insulin resistance, and high hsCRP had significantly lower total lactobacilli and bifidobacteria count and higher E. coli and bacteroides
Role of Omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) as modulatory and anti-inflammatory agents in noncommunicable diet-related diseases - Reports from the last 10 years; Background & aims: Fatty acids are a fundamental component of the human diet, particularly polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). The importance of omega-3 fatty acids has been studied in the context of many diseases due to their pleiotropic effects, focusing on the anti-inflammatory effects of EPA and DHA. Currently, the results of these acids in noncommunicable diseases are being increasingly assessed in a broader context than just inflammation. However, the mechanisms underlying the modulatory and anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 fatty acids remain the subject of intensive research. Therefore, we reviewed the literature covering articles from the last decade to assess not only the anti-inflammatory but, above all, the modulatory effect of EPA and DHA acids on noncommunicable diet-related diseases. Methods: The PubMed, Web of Science and Scopus databases were searched for studies regarding the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on diet-related disorders from the last 10 years. Results: The available research shows that EPA and DHA supplementation has a beneficial impact on regulating triglycerides, total cholesterol, insulin resistance, blood pressure, liver enzymes, inflammatory markers and oxidative stress. Additionally, there is evidence of their potential benefits in terms of mitochondrial function, regulation of plasma lipoproteins, and reduction of the risk of sudden cardiovascular events associated with atherosclerotic plaque rupture. Conclusions: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (EPA, DHA) have many beneficial effects among patients with diet-related disorders. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to fully determine the usefulness of EPA and DHA in treating and preventing noncommunicable diet-related diseases. (c) 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ by/4.0/).
How does high DHA fish oil affect health? A systematic review of evidence; The health benefits of fish oil, and its omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid content, have attracted much scientific attention in the last four decades. Fish oils that contain higher amounts of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) than docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), in a distinctive ratio of 18/12, are typically the most abundantly available and are commonly studied. Although the two fatty acids have traditionally been considered together, as though they were one entity, different physiological effects of EPA and DHA have recently been reported. New oils containing a higher quantity of DHA compared with EPA, such as fractionated and concentrated fish oil, tuna oil, calamari oil and microalgae oil, are increasingly becoming available on the market, and other oils, including those extracted from genetically modified oilseed crops, soon to come. This systematic review focuses on the effects of high DHA fish oils on various human health conditions, such as the heart and cardiovascular system, the brain and visual function, inflammation and immune function and growth/Body Mass Index. Although inconclusive results were reported in several instances, and inconsistent outcomes observed in others, current data provides substantiated evidence in support of DHA being a beneficial bioactive compound for heart, cardiovascular and brain function, with different, and at times complementary, effects compared with EPA. DHA has also been reported to be effective in slowing the rate of cognitive decline, while its possible effects on depression disorders are still unclear. Interestingly, gender- and age- specific divergent roles for DHA have also been reported. This review provides a comprehensive collection of evidence and a critical summary of the documented physiological effects of high DHA fish oils for human health.
ABNORMAL POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACID PATTERNS OF SERUM-LIPIDS IN REYES-SYNDROME; Fatty acid patterns of the serum lipids were measured in 17 children with Reye''s syndrome (RS). Serial measurements of total serum free fatty acids (FFA) showed that levels were increased during RS and, after recovery, were significantly lower in the patients who survived. Fatty acid patterns of serum FFA, triglycerides and phospholipids in patients with RS were significantly different from those in controls. In RS, the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of phospholipids was less than control values; in the FFA, it was higher. This was consistent with the possible involvement of increased phospholipase activity. The increase in polyunsaturated fatty acids in FFA, the precursors of prostaglandins, suggests that a grossly disturbed prostaglandin pattern may occur in RS. These changes in lipid metabolism may be related to the abnormal hepatic and neurological functions observed in RS.
Endogenously increased n-3 PUFA levels in fat-1 transgenic mice do not protect from non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFTA)) is the most common chronic liver disease worldwide, ranging from simple steatosis to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and fibrosis. Possible reasons for the NAFLD epidemic in industrialized countries are the high intake of pro-inflammatory n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFAs) and low consumption of healthy n-3 PUFAs. Due to their anti-inflammatory properties, n-3 PUFAs may have the potential to alleviate chronic liver disease. Herein, we examined the therapeutic effect of increased n-3 PUFA tissue levels in fat-1 transgenic mice on progressive NASH.
Low omega-3 index values and monounsaturated fatty acid levels in early pregnancy: an analysis of maternal erythrocytes fatty acids; Background: It is unanimously recognized that the maternal nutritional status at the pregnancy onset influence both short-term and long-term health of the mother and offspring. Among several nutrients, LCPUFA, particularly from the omega-3 family, are of utmost importance. This study was carried out to determine fatty acids profile of maternal erythrocyte membranes in early pregnancy and to identify potential determinants impacting on this status.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and exercise on low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein subfractions; The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of combining exercise with omega-3 fatty acids (n-3fa) supplementation on lipoprotein subfractions and associated enzymes. Subjects were 10 recreationally active males, aged 25 +/- 1.5 years (mean +/- SE), who supplemented n-3fa (60% eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and 40% docosahexaenoic [DHA]) at 4 g/d for 4 weeks. Before and after supplementation, subjects completed a 60-minute session of treadmill exercise at 60% Vo(2)max. Following a 24-hour diet and activity control period, blood was collected immediately before and after the exercise session to assess lipid variables: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and subfractions, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and subfractions and particle size, lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activity, and cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP) activity. Supplementation with n-3fa alone increased total HDL-C and HDL2-C, while exercise alone increased total HDL-C, HDL3-C, and total LDL-C. LDL subfractions, particle size, and LCAT and CETP activities were not affected by supplementation. Combination treatment resulted in an additive effect for HDL3-C only and also increased LDL1-C versus baseline. LCAT and CETP activities were not affected by treatments. These results suggest that n-3fa supplementation or an exercise session each affect total HDL-C and subfractions but not LDL-C or subfractions. In addition, the combination of n-3fa and exercise may have additional effects on total HDL-C and LDL-C subfractions as compared to either treatment alone in active young men. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of cholesterol and docosahexaenoic acid on cell viability and (Ca<SUP>2+</SUP>)<sub>i</sub> levels in acutely isolated mouse thymocytes; We investigated the effects of lipids oil thymocyte function. The effects of application of cholesterol or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). a C22, omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), on viability and intracellular calcium concentrations of acutely isolated mouse thymocytes were investigated using flow cytometry. Cholesterol (100 mu M) caused significant cell death after 30-60 min whether or not calcium was present in the medium. Cell death was associated with an elevation of intracellular calcium whether or not calcium was present in the extracellular medium. However, the elevation of calcium concentration was not responsible for the cell death since calcium levels in the presence of ionomycin rose higher without significant cell death. DHA had similar actions but was more potent, causing significant cell death and elevation of calcium concentration within 5 min at 1 mu M. In the absence of extracellular calcium 1 mu M DHA caused 100% cell death within 15 min. Linolenic acid, a C18 omega-3 fatty acid also Caused cytotoxicity at low concentrations whether or not albumin was present, but omega-6 or saturated C22 fatty acids were much less effective. These observations demonstrate that thymocyte viability is very sensitive to acute exposure to low concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids. Copyright (c) 2009 John Wiley & Soils, Ltd.
The Role of Long-ChainedMarine N-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Cardiovascular Disease; This paper reviews the current evidence regarding long-chained marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), their possible mechanisms of action, and results of clinical trials. Also, primary and secondary prevention trials as studies on antiarrhythmic effects and meta-analyses are summarized. However, the individual bioavailability of n-3 PUFAs along with the highly different study designs and estimations of FAs intake or supplementation dosages in patient populations with different background intake of n-3 PUFAs might be some of the reasons for the inconsistent findings of the studies evaluating the impact of n-3 PUFAs on CVD. The question of an optimum dose of n-3 PUFAs or whether there exists a dose-response relation for n-3 PUFA supplementation is widely discussed. Moreover, the difficulties in interpreting meta-analyses are clearly demonstrated by two recently published meta-analyses (Rizos et al. and Delgado Lista et al.), evaluating the efficacy of n-3 PUFAs on CVD, including 12 common studies, but drawing opposite conclusions. We definitely need more large-scale, randomized clinical trials of long duration, also reporting harmful effects of n-3 PUFAs.
Association between serum long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cognitive performance in elderly men and women: The Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Fish intake and the long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in fish have been suggested to lower the risk of cognitive decline. We assessed whether serum long-chain omega-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with performance on neuropsychological tests in an older population and whether exposure to methylmercury, mainly from fish, or apolipoprotein-E4 (Apo-E4) phenotype can modify the associations.
Borage oil attenuates progression of cardiac remodeling in rats after myocardial infarction; PURPOSE: To investigate the effects of Borage oil on cardiac remodeling after myocardial infarction (MI).
Icosapent ethyl for the treatment of severe hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia is a highly prevalent lipid abnormality and it is associated with atherosclerosis, with a growing body of evidence linking elevated triglycerides (TGs) with cardiovascular disease. The current major omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) combination, lowers serum TGs while often increasing levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Icosapent ethyl is an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid with a 96% pure ethyl ester of EPA that has been recently approved for lowering TG levels in patients with very high TGs (>= 500 mg/dL), and it does so without significantly affecting serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The potential benefits of omega-3 fatty acid therapy for dyslipidemias will be discussed, including the potential pros and cons of EPA alone versus the more common and readily available EPA/DHA combination therapy.
Effects of glutamine and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid mixed lipid emulsion supplementation of parenteral nutrition on sepsis score and bacterial clearance in early experimental sepsis; Introduction: Glutamine (GLN) and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFAs) have been shown to potentially possess immune-modulating and disease-modifying properties in experimental and clinical critical illness when given with parenteral nutrition (PN). However, we recently showed in experimental cancer models that combinations of GLN/n-3 PUFA may antagonize benefits of either nutrient alone. Thus, our aim was to explore the effects of PN-containing GLN and n-3PUFA mixed lipid emulsion (MLE) alone and in combination in experimental sepsis.Methods: Adult male rats were exposed to cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) and sacrificed at 24 h. Rats were infused with either normal saline (NS); PN + Intralipid (PNcont); PN + GLN; PN + n-3PUFA MLE; or PN + GLN/n-3PUFA MLE after CLP-sepsis for 23 h. Animals were assessed at 24 h for sepsis score, Gram (+) and Gram (-) bacterial load in blood, peritoneum, and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF).Results: Rats treated with PN + GLN or PN + n-3PUFA showed significantly lower sepsis scores compared to NS and PNcont (all p <= 0.016). Non-significant trends to improved sepsis scores was observed in rats treated with PN + GLN/n-3PUFA versus NS (p = 0.067) or PNcont (p = 0.093). Rats treated with PN + GLN, PN + n-3PUFA, or PN + GLN/n-3PUFA had significant improvement or trends to improved Gram (+) and Gram (-) bacterial loads in BALF versus NS (p <= 0.05, PN + GLN and PN + GLN/n-3PUFA for Gram (+); p = 0.057, PN + n-3PUFA for Gram (+); p <= 0.05, n-3PUFA and PN + GLN/n-3PUFA for Gram (-)). No differences between groups in blood or peritoneal bacterial counts observed.Conclusions: This data describes initial evidence that nutritional-doses of GLN, n-3PUFA MLE, and GLN + n-3PUFA MLE in PN can improve bacterial load/clearance in sepsis. Further, improvements of sepsis score by PN + n-3PUFA MLE and PN + GLN was observed. Previously observed antagonism of benefits of PN-containing GLN or n-3PUFAs alone by combinations of these nutrients was not observed in experimental sepsis. These results suggest further research is needed into PN-strategies using GLN and/ or n-3PUFA at nutritional-doses in sepsis.(c) 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ by/4.0/).
Associations of polyunsaturated fatty acids with cardiovascular disease and mortality: a study of NHANES database in 2003-2018; Background This study was to explore the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) consumption and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), all-cause mortality, and CVD-specific mortality.
Update on lipids and mitochondrial function: impact of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Purpose of review
Postprandial Hypertriglyceridemia and Cardiovascular Disease: Current and Future Therapies; Exaggerated postprandial hypertriglyceridemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. This metabolic abnormality is principally due to overproduction and/or decreased catabolism of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TRLs) and is a consequence of pathogenic genetic variations and other coexistent medical conditions, particularly obesity and insulin resistance. Accumulation of TRL in the postprandial state promotes the formation of small, dense low-density lipoproteins, as well as oxidative stress, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction, all of which compound the risk of cardiovascular disease. The cardiovascular benefits of lifestyle modification (weight loss and exercise) and conventional lipid-lowering therapies (statins, fibrates, niacin, ezetimibe, and n-3 fatty acid supplementation) could involve their favorable effects on TRL metabolism. New agents, such as dual peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor alpha/delta agonists, diacylglycerol, inhibitors of diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 and microsomal triglyceride transfer protein, antisense oligonucleotides for apolipoprotein B-100 and apolipoprotein C-III, and incretin-based therapies, may enhance the treatment of postprandial lipemia, but their efficacy needs to be tested in clinical end point trials. Further work is required to develop a simple clinical protocol for investigating postprandial lipemia, as well as internationally agreed management guidelines for this type of dyslipidemia.
Combined effect of linolenic acid and tobramycin on <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> biofilm formation and quorum sensing; Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a ubiquitous Gram negative opportunistic pathogen capable of causing severe nosocomial infections in humans, and tobramycin is currently used to treat P. aeruginosa associated lung infections. Quorum sensing regulates biofilm formation which allows the bacterium to result in fatal infections forcing clinicians to extensively use antibiotics to manage its infections leading to emerging multiple drug resistant strains. As a result, tobramycin is also becoming resistant. Despite extensive studies on drug discovery to alleviate microbial drug resistance, the continued microbial evolution has forced researchers to focus on screening various phytochemicals and dietary compounds for antimicrobial potential. Linolenic acid (LNA) is an essential fatty acid that possesses antimicrobial actions on various microorganisms. It was hypothesized that LNA may affect the formation of biofilm on P. aeruginosa and improve the potency of tobramycin. The present study demonstrated that LNA interfered with cell-to-cell communication and reduced virulence factor production. It further enhanced the potency of tobramycin and synergistically inhibited biofilm formation through P. aeruginosa quorum sensing systems. Therefore, LNA may be considered as a potential agent for adjunctive therapy and its utilization may decrease tobramycin concentration in combined treatment thereby reducing aminoglycoside adverse effects.
Nutraceuticals in Patients With Heart Failure: A Systematic Review; Background: Nutraceuticals are pharmacologically active substances extracted from vegetable or animal food and administered to produce health benefits. We recently reviewed the current evidence for nutraceuticals in patients diagnosed with heart failure as part of the writing of the Australian Guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis, and management of heart failure.
The effect of eight weeks combined training with omega-3 supplementation on the levels of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 in older women; Background: Elevated levels of ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 are significant risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Conversely, the regulatory roles of physical activity and omega-3 supplementation in these factors have been reported. The primary aim of the present research was to investigate the impact of an eightweek combined (resistance-endurance) accompanied by omega-3 supplementation on ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 levels in elderly women. Methods: Forty elderly women, averaging 66.7 +/- 4.13 years, were randomly assigned to four groups: placebo, omega-3 supplement, training, and training + omega-3. The combined exercise training program was implemented for eight weeks, three sessions per week. Aerobic training included 20 min of running at 60-70% of the reserve heart rate, while resistance training involved exercises at 70% of 1RM with 10 repetitions per exercise for two sets. The omega-3 and training + omega-3 groups consumed 2000 mg of omega-3 daily. Blood samples were collected 48 h after the last combined exercise training or omega-3 consumption, and the measured variables were analyzed using analysis of covariance test and SPSS-24 software. Results: ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 levels significantly decreased in the training and training + omega-3 groups (p < 0.001). The decrease in ICAM-1 within the training + omega-3 group was also significant compared to the training group (p = 0.024). Additionally, a significant reduction in insulin resistance and body fat percentage was observed in both the training and training + omega-3 groups (p < 0.001). Conclusion: The present study's results indicate that omega-3 supplementation can enhance the effectiveness of combined training in regulating cardiovascular risk factors. (c) 2024 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Reducing Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Women Beyond Statin Therapy: New Insights 2020; Management of residual and persistent cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among statin-treated individuals has emerged as an important preventive strategy. The purpose of this article is to review the unique landscape of CVD in women and relevant prior prevention trials, and to discuss how the recent results of the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) might apply to the contemporary management of CVD risk among statin-treated women. Women have unique risk factors that may impact CVD and its prevention. Historically, women have been underrepresented in CVD trials, posing a challenge to development of clinical recommendations for women. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol-targeting treatments have demonstrated CVD risk reduction, with comparable effects in both sexes. In contrast, triglyceride-lowering treatments (niacin, fenofibrate, and omega-3 fatty acids) have reported mixed findings for CVD risk reduction. Recent clinical trials of combination omega-3 fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA]) have not found significant CVD risk reduction. The recently published REDUCE-IT study found that icosapent ethyl, an EPA-only omega-3 fatty acid, in combination with statins, significantly reduced CVD events in high-risk patients. The icosapent ethyl group had a significantly lower occurrence of the primary composite CVD endpoint (17.2%) than the placebo group (22.0%; hazard ratio 0.75; 95% confidence interval 0.68-0.83; p < 0.001). CVD risk reduction with icosapent ethyl treatment was comparable between women and men (p for interaction, 0.33). Data from REDUCE-IT suggest women benefit similarly to men with respect to icosapent ethyl, a novel therapy for prevention of CVD.
Plasma levels of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and renal allograft survival; Background. Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may exert beneficial effects on inflammation, fibrosis, endothelial function, lipid profile and blood pressure that may prevent graft loss.
The Role of Resolvins: EPA and DHA Derivatives Can Be Useful in the Prevention and Treatment of Ischemic Stroke; Introduction: Most ischemic strokes develop as a result of atherosclerosis, in which inflammation plays a key role. The synthesis cascade of proinflammatory mediators participates in the process induced in the vascular endothelium and platelets. Resolvins are anti-inflammatory mediators originating from eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), which may improve the prognosis related to atherosclerosis by inhibiting the production of proinflammatory cytokines, limiting neutrophil migration, or positively influencing phagocytosis. Although clinical trials with resolvin in humans after stroke have not been realized, they may soon find application. Aim: The aim of the study was to review the available literature on the scope of the possibilities of the prevention and treatment of stroke with the use of resolvins, EPA and DHA derivatives. Materials and methods: The review features articles published until 31 January 2020. The search for adequate literature was conducted using the keywords: stroke and resolvins. Over 150 articles were found. Studies not written in English, letters to the editor, conference abstracts, and duplicate information were excluded. Results: In several studies using the animal model, the supplementation of resolvin D2 decreased brain damage caused by myocardial infarction, and it reversed the neurological dysfunction of the brain. A decrease in the concentration of proinflammatory cytokines, such as TNF-alpha, Il-6, and Il-1 beta, was also observed, as well as a decrease in the scope of brain damage. In the context of stroke in animals, the treatment with resolvin D2 (RvD2) (injection) has a better effect than supplementation with DHA. Conclusions: Resolvins are characterised by strong anti-inflammatory properties. Resolvins improve prognosis and decrease the risk of developing cardiovascular disease, consequently lowering the risk of stroke, and may find application in the treatment of stroke.
Interactions between dietary fat, fish, and fish oils and their effects on platelet function in men at risk of cardiovascular disease; Recent studies have suggested that omega 3-fats of marine origin may have a protective role in heart disease. This study aimed to compare the effects of fish or fish oil, in the setting of a high- or low-fat diet, on platelet aggregation and platelet thromboxane in men with increased risk of cardiovascular disease. One hundred twenty men who were nonsmokers, 30 to 60 years old, with mildly elevated blood pressure and cholesterol were randomly allocated to one of five high-fat (40% of daily energy) or two low-fat (30%) groups for 12 weeks. The five high-fat groups took either 6 or 12 fish oil capsules daily; fish; a combination of fish and fish oil; or placebo capsules. The two low-fat groups took either fish or placebo capsules. Fish meals provided 1.3 g of eicosapentaenoic acid daily, equivalent to 6 fish oil capsules, and contained an average of 3.65 g/d of omega 3-fatty acids. Multiple regression analysis of the combined groups showed that all groups taking omega 3-fatty acids reduced platelet aggregation to both collagen (P<.0001) and platelet-activating factor (PAF) (P<.05) and platelet thromboxane B-2 responses (P<.05) to collagen-induced aggregation. The low-fat diet alone had no effect on PAF-induced platelet aggregation and only a small effect on platelet responses to collagen (P<.05). Platelet aggregation responses to PAF were reduced more by fish oil than fish in a high-fat diet, whereas fish had a greater effect when part of a low-fat rather than a high-fat diet. There was no significant difference in collagen-induced platelet aggregation or platelet thromboxane between fish and fish oils on a high or low fat intake. In conjunction with our previous findings of improvements in lipoproteins, blood pressure, and heart rate in this population, these results on platelet function suggest that dietary omega 3-fatty acids incorporated into a low- rather than a high-fat diet have a wider spectrum of more favorable effects on cardiovascular risk factors.
Immunonutrition in Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Purpose of Review Dietary supplementation with nutrients such as glutamine and omega-3 fatty acids to modulate/boost host immunity in critical illness is a new concept. We review current evidence (animal and human studies) on the role of immunonutrition in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS).
Generalized peroxisomal disorder in male twins:: Fatty acid composition of serum lipids and response to <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids; Male, identical twins presented with hypotonia, hypoglycaemia, dysmorphic facies, feeding problems, discoloured stools, hepatomegaly, and nephrolithiasis. Elevated blood levels of very long-chain fatty acids and bile acids suggested a peroxisomal disorder. Plasmalogen biosynthesis in cultured fibroblasts was reduced. Morphologically distinct peroxisomes were undetectable in liver. Twin 1 suffered from nephrocalcinosis and severe infection, and died at 18 months of age. Twin 2 was blind and physically severely retarded with epilepsy, but survived up to the age of 5 years. Studies of the fatty acid composition of serum lipids showed barely detectable values of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). During long-term treatment with these n - 3 fatty acids, started at age 10 months, the fatty acid profile of the serum lipids was improved or normalized. Since n - 3 fatty acids are essential elements in normal development, notably of the nervous system, we suggest that treatment with EPA and DHA should be started as early as possible in general peroxisomal disorders.
Nutritional Status Predicts Fatty Acid Uptake from Fish and Soybean Oil Supplements for Treatment of Cancer-Related Fatigue: Results from a Phase II Nationwide Study; Cancer-related fatigue is a prevalent and debilitating condition that persists for years into survivorship. Studies evaluating both fish oil supplementation on fatigue and associations between fish oil consumption and fatigue have shown mixed effects; it is unknown what factors contribute to these differential effects. Herein, we investigate whether the nutritional status of cancer survivors was associated with serum omega-3 concentration or change in serum omega-3s throughout a fish oil supplementation study, and then if any of these factors were associated with fatigue. Breast cancer survivors 4-36 months post-treatment with moderate-severe fatigue were randomized to take 6 g fish oil, 6 g soybean oil, or 3 g of each daily for 6 weeks. Baseline nutritional status was calculated using the Controlling Nutritional Status tool (serum albumin, lymphocytes, cholesterol). At baseline and post-intervention, serum fatty acids were quantified and fatigue was assessed using the Multidimensional Fatigue Symptom Inventory. Participants (n = 85) were 61.2 +/- 9.7 years old with a body mass index of 31.9 +/- 6.7 kg/m(2); 69% had a good nutritional score and 31% had light-moderate malnutrition. Those with good nutritional status had greater total serum omega-3s at baseline (p = 0.013) and a greater increase in serum omega-3s with supplementation (p = 0.003). Among those who were supplemented with fish oil, greater increases in serum omega-3s were associated with greater improvements in fatigue. In conclusion, good nutritional status may increase uptake of fatty acid supplements, increasing their ability to improve fatigue.
Association Between Omega-3 Fatty Acid Levels and Aortic Valve Calcium (from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis); Calcific aortic valve disease, a condition of chronic inflammation, is associated with increased cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality. Omega-3 fatty acids (O3FAs) reduce both acute and chronic inflammation, but their associations with aortic valve cal-cium (AVC) have not been studied. The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis is a pro-spective cohort study of 6,814 adults without clinical cardiovascular disease. Plasma fatty acid levels and cardiac computed tomography (CT) scans were performed at baseline, and CT scans were performed at subsequent clinical visits over a median 9-year period. We assessed whether plasma levels of O3FAs and their species correlate with the presence, severity, and progression of AVC measured by CT in Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclero-sis. The mean age of the 6,510 included participants with baseline fatty acid levels, AVC, and covariate data was 62.1 +/- 10.2 years, and 47.1% of the participants were male. Race distribution was 38.6% White, 27.2% Black, 22.1% Hispanic/Latino, and 12.1% Chinese. Among the 6,510 participants, 5,884 had a subsequent CT scan, and 3,304 had a third CT scan with AVC measurements. At baseline, 862 participants (13.2%) had prevalent AVC (Agatston score >0), and were more likely to be of older age, male, of the White race, have a lower education level, and have co-morbidities that are associated with a higher risk for AVC. Plasma tertiles of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and total O3FA were not associated with prevalent AVC at baseline, incident AVC, or change in AVC. In conclusion, plasma levels of O3FAs in subjects not routinely supplemented with O3FAs are not useful for predicting the presence or development of AVC. Whether high plasma O3FA levels, achievable by high-dose O3FA over-the-counter supplementation or phar-macotherapy, is associated with AVC requires further investigation.(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2022;184:104-110)
n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation Has No Effect on Postprandial Triglyceride-Rich Lipoprotein Kinetics in Men with Type 2 Diabetes; Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been proposed to modulate plasma lipids, lipoprotein metabolism, and inflammatory state and to reduce triglyceride (TG) concentrations. The present double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study investigated the effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation at 3 g/d for 8 weeks on the intravascular kinetics of intestinally derived apolipoprotein (apo) B-48-containing lipoproteins in 10 men with type 2 diabetes. In vivo kinetics of the TG-rich lipoprotein (TRL) apoB-48 and VLDL apoB-100 were assessed using a primed-constant infusion of L-[5,5,5-D-3] leucine for 12 hours in a fed state. Compared with the placebo, n-3 PUFA supplementation significantly reduced fasting TG concentrations by -9.7% (P = 0.05) but also significantly increased plasma levels of cholesterol (C) (+6.0%, P = 0.05), LDL-C (+12.2%, P = 0.04), and HDL-C (+8.4, P = 0.007). n-3 PUFA supplementation had no significant impact on postprandial TRL apoB-48 and VLDL apoB-100 levels or on the production or catabolic rates of these lipoproteins. These data indicate that 8-week supplementation with n-3 PUFAs in men with type 2 diabetes has no beneficial effect on TRL apoB-48 and VLDL apoB-100 levels or kinetics.
Prevalence of heart attack and stroke and associated risk factors among Inuit in Canada: A comparison with the general Canadian population; Background: It is generally believed that cardiovascular disease (CVD) is rare in the Inuit population because of their traditional marine-based diet, but the evidence is inconsistent.
Flaxseed for Hypertension: Implications for Blood Pressure Regulation; Hypertension is the single largest risk factor attributed to mortality in the world. Medications are the primary treatment for hypertension; however, adherence to drug regimens is low (similar to 50 %). Low adherence may be a contributing factor leading to uncontrolled blood pressure in patients. An effective alternative or complement to medications in managing hypertension is through lifestyle modifications. Adopting a healthy diet is a valuable strategy. A recent, randomized controlled year-long trial observed impressive reductions in blood pressure in patients with hypertension consuming flaxseed daily. Therefore, attention has been garnered for flaxseed as a potentially valuable strategy for the management of hypertension. This review will highlight the recent data for flaxseed and its extracts in blood pressure regulation in both animal models and clinical trials. Insight into the proposed anti-hypertensive mechanism of flaxseed and the implications of flaxseed as a potential global anti-hypertensive therapy will be discussed.
Tissue <i>n</i>-3 and <i>n</i>-6 fatty acids and risk for coronary heart disease events; Background: Tissue proportions of long chain n-6 [especially arachidonic acid (AA)] and n-3 fatty acids [FA; eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) acids], or some ratio of these may be markers of risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the published associations between risk for CHD events and tissue n - 3 and n - 6 FA composition.
Biosynthetic production of universally <SUP>13</SUP>C-labelled polyunsaturated fatty acids as reference materials for natural health product research; Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) have become important natural health products with numerous proven benefits related to brain function and cardiovascular health. Not only are omega-3 fatty acids available in a plethora of dietary supplements, but they are also increasingly being incorporated as triglycerides into conventional foods, including bread, milk, yoghurt and confectionaries. Recently, transgenic oil seed crops and livestock have been developed that enhance omega-3 fatty acid content. This diverse array of matrices presents a difficult analytical challenge and is compounded further by samples generated through clinical research. Stable isotope C-13-labelled LCPUFA standards offer many advantages as research tools because they may be distinguished from their naturally abundant counterparts by mass spectrometry and directly incorporated as internal standards into analytical procedures. Further, C-13-labelled LCPUFAs are safe to use as metabolic tracers to study uptake and metabolism in humans. Currently, C-13-labelled LCPUFAs are expensive, available in limited supply and not in triglyceride form. To resolve these issues, marine heterotrophic microorganisms are being isolated and screened for LCPUFA production with a view to the efficient biosynthetic production of U-C-13-labelled fatty acids using U-C-13 glucose as a carbon source. Of 37 isolates obtained, most were thraustochytrids, and either DHA or omega-6 docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n-6) were produced as the major LCPUFA. The marine protist Hyalochlorella marina was identified as a novel source of EPA and omega-3 docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n-3). As proof of principle, gram-level production of C-13-labelled DHA has been achieved with high chemical purity ( 99%) and high C-13 incorporation levels (90%), as confirmed by NMR and MS analyses. Finally, U-C-13-DHA was enzymatically re-esterified to glycerol to yield a C-13-labelled tridocosahexaenoin.
Oral Administration of Alpha Linoleic Acid Rescues Aβ-Induced Glia-Mediated Neuroinflammation and Cognitive Dysfunction in C57BL/6N Mice; In this work, we evaluated the effects of alpha linoleic acid (ALA), an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, on amyloid-beta-induced glial-cell-mediated neuroinflammation, amyloidogenesis, and cognitive dysfunction in mice. After an infusion of A beta(1-42) (A beta(1-42), 5 mu L/5 min/mouse, intracerebroventricular injection (i.c.v), and respective treatments of ALA (60 mg/kg per oral for six weeks), neuroinflammation, apoptotic markers, and synaptic markers were evaluated by Western blot and immunofluorescence analyses. According to our findings, the infusion of A beta(1-42) activated Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), and ionized calcium adaptor molecule 1 (Iba-1) in the frontal cortices and hippocampi of the A beta(1-42)-injected mice to a greater extent than the A beta(1-42) + ALA-cotreated mice. Similarly, there was an elevated expression of phospho-c-Jun-N-terminal kinase (p-JNK), phospho-nuclear factor-kB p65 (p-NF-kB p65 (Ser536)), and tissue necrosis factor (TNF) in the A beta(1-42) infused mouse brains; interestingly, these markers were significantly reduced in the A beta + ALA-cotreated group. The elevated expression of pro-apoptotic markers was observed during apoptotic cell death in the A beta(1-42)-treated mouse brains, whereas these markers were markedly reduced in the A beta + ALA-cotreated group. Moreover, A beta(1-42) infusion significantly increased amyloidogenesis, as assessed by the enhanced expression of the amyloid precursor proteins (APP) beta-amyloid cleaving enzyme-1 (BACE-1) and amyloid-beta (A beta(1-42)) in the mouse brains, whereas these proteins were markedly reduced in the A beta + ALA-cotreated group. We also checked the effects of ALA against A beta-triggered synaptic dysfunction and memory dysfunction, showing that ALA significantly improved memory and synaptic functions in A beta-treated mouse brains. These results indicated that ALA could be an applicable intervention in neuroinflammation, apoptotic cell loss, amyloidogenesis, and memory dysfunction via the inhibition of TLR4 and its downstream targets in A beta + ALA-cotreated mouse brains.
The Protective Effect of the Mediterranean Diet: Focus on Cancer and Cardiovascular Risk; The lower occurrence of cancer and cardiovascular disease in the population around the Mediterranean basin has been linked to the dietary habits of the region. Indeed, this so-called Mediterranean diet is essentially different from the diets consumed in Western and Northern European countries and is rich in nuts, fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole-wheat bread, fish, and olive oil, with moderate amounts of red wine, which is mainly consumed during meals. Although a variety of cultural and religious traditions exist among the peoples of the Mediterranean area, olive oil, fish, and red wine hold a traditional and central position in the culinary routines of the region. The components of the diet contain an ample source of molecules with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory actions, among which omega-3 fatty acids, oleic acid, and phenolic compounds hold a prominent place. This review will summarize the results of important epidemiological studies that have investigated the protective effect of fish and olive oil on the risk of breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer and of wine on the risk of cardiovascular disease. The present review also aims to elucidate the various mechanisms by which various dietary components exhibit their beneficial action. In this respect, emphasis will be placed on the properties of omega-3 fatty acids from fish, oleic acid from olive oil, and phenolic compounds from olive oil and red wine. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Association of Specific Dietary Fats With Total and Cause-Specific Mortality; IMPORTANCE Previous studies have shown distinct associations between specific dietary fat and cardiovascular disease. However, evidence on specific dietary fat and mortality remains limited and inconsistent.
The incidence of coronary heart disease among Palestinians and Israelis in Jerusalem; Background Lifestyle factors relevant to coronary risk factors differ between Palestinians and Israelis. Both have been exposed, albeit differently, to the stressors of the long-term conflict. We determined the incidence of coronary heart disease, previously unreported in Palestinians, in these Mediterranean populations and made international comparisons with the MONICA Programme.
Paradigm shift - Metabolic transformation of docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids to bioactives exemplify the promise of fatty acid drug discovery; Fatty acid drug discovery (FADD) is defined as the identification of novel, specialized bioactive mediators that are derived from fatty acids and have precise pharmacological/therapeutic potential. A number of reports indicate that dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids and limited intake of omega-6 promotes overall health benefits. In 1929, Burr and Burr indicated the significant role of essential fatty acids for survival and functional health of many organs. In reference to specific dietary benefits of differential omega-3 fatty acids, docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids (DHA and EPA) are transformed to monohydroxy, dihydroxy, trihydroxy, and other complex mediators during infection, injury, and exercise to resolve inflammation. The presented FADD approach describes the metabolic transformation of DHA and EPA in response to injury, infection, and exercise to govern uncontrolled inflammation. Metabolic transformation of DHA and EPA into a number of pro-resolving molecules exemplifies a novel, inexpensive approach compared to traditional, expensive drug discovery. DHA and EPA have been recommended for prevention of cardiovascular disease since 1970. Therefore, the FADD approach is relevant to cardiovascular disease and resolution of inflammation in many injury models. Future research demands identification of novel action targets, receptors for biomolecules, mechanism(s), and drug-interactions with resolvins in order to maintain homeostasis.
Relationship of serum fatty acid composition and desaturase activity to C-reactive protein in Japanese men and women; Background: Although fatty acid composition in serum and desaturase activity, which alters serum fatty acid composition, has been associated with C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration in Western populations, no study has been carried out in non-Western populations. We examined the association of serum fatty acids and estimated desaturase activity with CRP concentrations in Japanese men and women.
Potential Benefits of Icosapent Ethyl on the Lipid Profile: Case Studies; The cardiovascular benefits of marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids are supported by epidemiologic and clinical studies. Both healthy patients and those with confirmed coronary heart disease are advised by the American Heart Association to consume omega-3 fatty acids either through dietary fatty fish or fish oil products. We present two case reports of patients with dyslipidemia who were switched from an omega-3 dietary supplement or a prescription omega-3 drug containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to a new prescription EPA-only drug, icosapent ethyl (IPE). Products containing a combination of EPA and DHA, including dietary supplements and prescription products, are more likely to increase low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels compared with pure EPA-only products. The lipid profiles of these two patients were improved with IPE treatment, illustrating the potentially favorable effects of IPE compared with other products containing both EPA and DHA.
Adiponectin: a manifold therapeutic target for metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and coronary disease?; Adiponectin is the most abundant peptide secreted by adipocytes, being a key component in the interrelationship between adiposity, insulin resistance and inflammation. Central obesity accompanied by insulin resistance is a key factor in the development of metabolic syndrome (MS) and future macrovascular complications. Moreover, the remarkable correlation between coronary artery disease (CAD) and alterations in glucose metabolism has raised the likelihood that atherosclerosis and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) may share a common biological background. We summarize here the current knowledge about the influence of adiponectin on insulin sensitivity and endothelial function, discussing its forthcoming prospects and potential role as a therapeutic target for MS, T2DM, and cardiovascular disease. Adiponectin is present in the circulation as a dimer, trimer or protein complex of high molecular weight hexamers, >400 kDa. AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 are its major receptors in vivo mediating the metabolic actions. Adiponectin stimulates phosphorylation and AMP (adenosin mono phosphate) kinase activation, exerting direct effects on vascular endothelium, diminishing the inflammatory response to mechanical injury and enhancing endothelium protection in cases of apolipoprotein E deficiency. Hypoadiponectinemia is consistently associated with obesity, MS, atherosclerosis, CAD, T2DM. Lifestyle correction helps to favorably modify plasma adiponectin levels. Low adiponectinemia in obese patients is raised via continued weight loss programs in both diabetic and nondiabetic individuals and is also accompanied by reductions in pro-inflammatory factors. Diet modifications, like intake of fish, omega-3 supplementation, adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern and coffee consumption also increase adiponectin levels. Antidiabetic and cardiovascular pharmacological agents, like glitazones, glimepiride, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers are also able to improve adiponectin concentration. Fibric acid derivatives, like bezafibrate and fenofibrate, have been reported to enhance adiponectin levels as well. T-cadherin, a membrane-associated adiponectin-binding protein lacking intracellular domain seems to be a main mediator of the antiatherogenic adiponectin actions. The finding of novel pharmacologic agents proficient to improve adiponectin plasma levels should be target of exhaustive research. Interesting future approaches could be the development of adiponectin-targeted drugs chemically designed to induce the activaton of its receptors and/or postreceptor signaling pathways, or the development of specific adiponectin agonists.
Shared genetic loci between depression and cardiometabolic traits; Author summaryStudies have found associations between depression and both cardiovascular disease risk factors and worse cardiovascular disease prognosis. It is unknown if shared genetic factors contribute to these associations. We applied novel statistical tools for polygenic architectures to investigate if there are common genes for depression, coronary artery disease and cardiovascular risk factors (body mass index, blood pressure, lipids, type 2 diabetes and c-reactive protein). We used the statistical methods the bivariate causal mixture model (MiXeR) and the conditional/conjunctional false discovery rate (pleioFDR) to quantify genome-wide overlap and to identify shared genetic variants. We found extensive genetic overlap. Depression shared 68% of genetic variants with body mass index and 14% and with systolic blood pressure. We also identified 79 unique genomic variants associated with depression and coronary artery disease or the risk factors. Variants associated with increased risk for depression also increased the risk of coronary artery disease, some of the lipids and c-reactive protein levels, while there was a mixed pattern of direction for the other risk factors. Further analyses identified shared genetic variants found in metabolism of alpha-linolenic pathway for type 2 diabetes.
N-3 PUFA increase bioavailability and function of endothelial progenitor cells; Background and Aims: Recent data suggest that n-3 PUPA exert beneficial effects on endothelial progenitor cell (EPC) biology. We sought to investigate whether these effects might be mediated by enhanced EPC in vitro function and/or in vivo bioavailability. Methods and Results: CACs and late-outgrowth EPCs were isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells obtained from 12 donor buffy-coats. The effect of n-3 PUFA (EPA: DHA = 0.9 : 1.5; 9 mu M EPA plus 15 mu M DHA) was tested on CAC/EPC viability, function (tube-formation) and pro-inflammatory molecule expression. Circulating EPC (cells positive for CD34. CD133 and kinase insert domain receptor - KDR cell-surface antigens by flow cytometry) number was evaluated in 20 healthy subjects (10 F/10 M, 32 +/- 5 years), randomized to receive 4 mackerel or sardine portions per week for 6 weeks followed by a 6 week free-diet period. N-3 PUPA improved CAC and lateoutgrowth EPC viability (p < 0.05) and the capacity to form tube-like structures in CACs (+38%; p < 0.05) and late-outgrowth EPCs (+15%; p < 0.05). ICAM-1 expression was reduced in both CACs (p < 0.05) and late-outgrowth EPCs (p < 0.05) and VCAM-1 in late-outgrowth EPCs (p < 0.005). N-3 PUFA significantly decreased TNF-cc and MCP-1 expression in CACs and IL-8, TNF-cc and MCP-1 in late-outgrowth EPCs (p < 0.05). Circulating EPC number significantly improved after 6 weeks of a fish-enriched diet (p < 0.01) and returned to baseline levels after a 6 week free-diet period (p < 0.01). Plasma EPA levels were independently and positively associated with EPC levels (p < 0.005). Conclusion: Our findings support the case of a beneficiary role played by n-3 PUFA in EPC function and bioavailability.
ω-3 Fatty acid supplements in women at high risk of breast cancer have dose-dependent effects on breast adipose tissue fatty acid composition; Background: Preclinical evidence of the preventive benefits of omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in breast cancer continues to fuel interest in the potential role of dietary fat content in reducing breast cancer risk. The dose of fish-oil/omega-3 PUFAs needed to achieve maximal target tissue effects for breast cancer prevention remains undefined.
Interplay between polygenic variants related immune response and lifestyle factors mitigate the chances of stroke in a genome-wide association study; We aimed to investigate the intricate interplay between genetic predisposition and lifestyle factors on stroke. We conducted a comprehensive genome-wide association study to identify the genetic variants linked to stroke in the participants who experienced a stroke event (cases; n 672) and those with no stroke history (non-stroke; n 58 029) in a large hospital-based cohort. Using generalised multifactor dimensionality reduction, we identified genetic variants with interactive effects and constructed polygenic risk scores (PRS) by summing up the risk alleles from the genetic variants. Food intake was measured with a validated semi-quantitative FFQ. No significant differences in stroke incidence were seen in demographic variables between the two groups. Among the metabolic indicators, only serum TAG levels were higher in males with stroke than those without stroke. The daily nutrient intake, dietary inflammation index, glycaemic index, dietary patterns, alcohol consumption, exercise and smoking did not display associations with the OR for stroke. The stroke-linked genetic variants were related to the IL-18 pathway. After accounting for covariates, the PRS derived from the 5-, 6- and 7-SNP models were positively associated with stroke chance with 2 center dot 5-, 2 center dot 9- and 2 center dot 8-fold. Furthermore, interactions between genetic predisposition and dietary components, including energy, carbohydrates, n-3 fatty acids and branched-chain amino acids (BCAA), that affected OR for stroke were observed. A high intake of energy, carbohydrates and BCAA and a low intake of n-3 fatty acids were positively associated with the chances of stroke occurrence. In conclusion, understanding the interaction between genetic variants and lifestyle factors can assist in developing stroke prevention and management strategies.
Mendelian Randomization Analysis Reveals Causal Associations of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids with Sepsis and Mortality Risk; IntroductionDespite numerous observational studies reporting a positive correlation between polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the risk of sepsis and mortality, the causation of such an association has yet to be firmly established. Thus, our study aimed to undertake the Mendelian randomization (MR) approach to scrutinize the potential causalities of PUFAs with sepsis and mortality risk.MethodsWe conducted the MR investigation using genome-wide association study (GWAS) summary statistics of PUFAs [including omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3), omega-6 fatty acids (omega-6), the ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids (omega-6:3), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), linoleic acid (LA)], sepsis, and sepsis mortality. We utilized the GWAS summary data from the UK Biobank. To establish reliable causality, we employed the inverse-variance weighted (IVW) method as the primary analytical approach, together with four additional MR methods. In addition, we performed heterogeneity and horizontal pleiotropy assessments using Cochrane's Q test and MR-Egger intercept test, respectively. Finally, we performed a series of sensitivity analyses to enhance the precision and veracity of our findings.ResultsThe IVW method showed that genetically predicted omega-3 [odd ratio (OR) 0.914, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.845-0.987, P = 0.023] and DHA (OR 0.893, 95% CI 0.815-0.979, P = 0.015) were suggestively linked to a decreased risk of sepsis. Furthermore, genetically predicted DHA (OR 0.819, 95% CI 0.681-0.986, P = 0.035) was suggestively associated with a reduced risk of sepsis-related death. Conversely, the omega-6:3 ratio (OR 1.177, 95% CI 1.011-1.371, P = 0.036) was suggestively linked to an increased risk of sepsis-induced mortality. On the basis of the MR-Egger intercept assessment, it appears that our MR examination was not influenced by any horizontal pleiotropy (all P > 0.05). Moreover, the reliability of the estimated causal association was confirmed by the sensitivity analyses.ConclusionOur study supported the casual effect between PUFAs and susceptibility to sepsis and sepsis-related death. Our findings underline the importance of specific PUFAs levels, particularly for individuals with a genetic susceptibility to sepsis. Further research is needed to confirm these findings and investigate the underlying mechanisms.
RECENT INSIGHTS INTO DIETARY FATS AND CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE; 1. Fat deposition in the arterial intima is fundamental to the atheroma process. Circulating lipoproteins are thought to be the source of much of the deposited fat. The interplay of dietary fat has not been fully clarified.
The impact of dietary mono- and poly-unsaturated fatty acids on risk factors for atherosclerosis in humans; The fatty acid composition of the diet has various effects on atherosclerosis risk factors. Dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) and trans-unsaturated fatty acids increase the low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol ratio in serum, while these fats do not have a significant bearing on serum triglyceride levels. By contrast, dietary monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3) similarly reduce LDL cholesterol concentrations, while their influence on serum HDL cholesterol and triglycerides is not appreciable. Dietary long-chain n-3 PUFA slightly increase serum LDL cholesterol concentrations, but are nevertheless considered salubrious with regard to serum lipids due to the distinct triglyceride-lowering effects. MUFA-rich compared to n-6 PUFA-rich diets strongly reduce the in vitro oxidizability of LDL. The available studies on this subject also suggest that n-3 PUFA in the small amounts usually present in the diet are not unduly harmful. These findings are consistent with reports from observational studies: the amount of SFA is positively and the amount of MUFA and n-6 PUFA in the diet is inversely associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease in most epidemiological studies. The available studies have had an impact on current dietary guidelines, which unanimously recommend that most of the dietary fat should be in the form of MUFA, while the amount of SFA and trans fatty acids in the diet should be as low as possible.
NF-κB signaling as a putative target for ω-3 metabolites in the prevention of age-related macular degeneration (AMD); Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is the major reason of blindness of the elderly all over the world. AMD is characterized by a progressive loss of central vision attributable to degenerative and neovascular changes in the macula, the highly specialized region of the retina responsible for sharp and color visual acuity. Degeneration and cell death of retinal pigment epithelial cells (RPE) cause secondarily adverse effects on neural retina leading to visual loss. Most AMD patients cannot benefit from any treatment modalities. The prevalence of AMD is rising as a consequence of the aging of the population. As the RPE cells age, they are subject to continued oxidative stress and this believed to induce inflammation and progression of AMD. Interestingly, many clinical trials have revealed that dietary intakes of omega-3 fatty acids can reduce the risk of both early and late AMD, although their molecular targets in cellular signaling in AMD pathology are not understood. Recently, it has been proposed that the omega-3 fatty acid metabolites, resolvins and protectins, function as endogenous anti-inflammatory compounds. In this review, we propose that resolvins and protectins mediate their beneficial effects by preventing NF-kappa B signaling and this that may represent a new target for regulating the inflammatory responses in AMD. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary modulators of statin efficacy in cardiovascular disease and cognition; Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States and other developed countries, and is fast growing in developing countries, particularly as life expectancy in all parts of the world increases. Current recommendations for the prevention of cardiovascular disease issued jointly from the American Academy of Cardiology and American Heart Association emphasize that lifestyle modification should be incorporated into any treatment plan, including those on statin drugs. However, there is a dearth of data on the interaction between diet and statins with respect to additive, complementary or antagonistic effects. This review collates the available data on the interaction of statins and dietary patterns, cognition, genetics and individual nutrients, including vitamin D. niacin, omega-3 fatty acids, fiber, phytochemicals (polyphenols and stanols) and alcohol. Of note, although the available data is summarized, the scope is limited, conflicting and disparate. In some cases it is likely there is unrecognized synergism. Virtually no data are available describing the interactions of statins with dietary components or dietary pattern in subgroups of the population, particularly those who may benefit most were positive effects identified. Hence, it is virtually impossible to draw any firm conclusions at this time. Nevertheless, this area is important because were the effects of statins and diet additive or synergistic harnessing the effect could potentially lead to the use of a lower intensity statin or dose. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Genetic Adaptation of Fatty-Acid Metabolism: A Human-Specific Haplotype Increasing the Biosynthesis of Long-Chain Omega-3 and Omega-6 Fatty Acids; Omega-3 and omega-6 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) are essential for the development and function of the human brain. They can be obtained directly from food, e.g., fish, or synthesized from precursor molecules found in vegetable oils. To determine the importance of genetic variability to fatty-acid biosynthesis, we studied FADS1 and FADS2, which encode rate-limiting enzymes for fatty-acid conversion. We performed genome-wide genotyping (n = 5,652 individuals) and targeted resequencing (n = 960 individuals) of the FADS region in five European population cohorts. We also analyzed available genomic data from human populations, archaic hominins, and more distant primates. Our results show that present-day humans have two common FADS haplotypes-defined by 28 closely linked SNPs across 38.9 kb-that differ dramatically in their ability to generate LC-PUFAs. No independent effects on FADS activity were seen for rare SNPs detected by targeted resequencing. The more efficient, evolutionarily derived haplotype appeared after the lineage split leading to modern humans and Neanderthals and shows evidence of positive selection. This human-specific haplotype increases the efficiency of synthesizing essential long-chain fatty acids from precursors and thereby might have provided an advantage in environments with limited access to dietary LC-PUFAs. In the modern world, this haplotype has been associated with lifestyle-related diseases, such as coronary artery disease.
The relationship between diet and cognitive function in adult cancer survivors: a systematic review; Purpose To perform a systematic review identifying how dietary factors are related to cognitive function in cancer survivors who are not currently undergoing primary treatment. Methods Using the PRISMA framework, a search was conducted for studies published before February 2019 across multiple databases, identifying 2304 unique articles. Twelve met final inclusion criteria and were evaluated through narrative synthesis. This review was registered with the International Prospective Register Of Systematic Reviews (CRD42018111941). Results Included studies were heterogeneous in methodology and in dietary and cognitive variables investigated making direct comparisons difficult. Evidence of a relationship between diet and cognition was mixed; the most consistent evidence was identified in relation to a positive relationship between fruit and vegetable intake and cognitive function (both self-reported and objectively tested) in five out of six studies, but was not concordant across all studies. Conclusion Preliminary evidence exists that a greater fruit and vegetable intake is associated with better cognitive functioning in cancer survivors, as has been reported in healthy populations; however, these data are correlational and include relatively small samples. Most evidence related to breast cancer survivors, with individual studies extending to colorectal and stomach cancer survivors. Experimental trials are needed to identify causal attribution of dietary factors on cognitive function in cancer survivors.
Different kinetic in incorporation and depletion of n-3 fatty acids in erythrocytes and leukocytes of mice; n-3 PUFA are well known for their anti-inflammatory effects. However, there has been only limited study on the kinetics of incorporation and depletion of n-3 PUFA in immune cells. In the present study we investigated the incorporation and depletion of n-3 PUFA in erythrocytes and leukocytes in mice during a 6-wk feeding period. Over the first 3-wk period (the incorporation period) the mice were fed a special diet with a high n-3/n-6 PUFA ratio. In the following 3-wk period (the depletion period) the mice were fed a standard chow diet. A linear increase of the concentration of EPA and DHA in erythrocyte membranes was observed during the incorporation period, whereas a stagnation was observed after the second week for leukocytes. The level of EPA did not fall to the background level after the depletion period, and the level of DHA was kept almost constant during the depletion period in the erythrocyte membranes. In leukocytes the concentration of both EPA and DHA decreased during the depletion period, but did not reach the background level after the 3-wk depletion. In conclusion, the kinetics of EPA and DHA in the different cells are different. The rate of incorporation is faster than that of depletion for n-3 PUFA. More n-3 PUFA can be incorporated into leukocytes in comparison with erythrocytes. The ratio of n-3/n-6 PUFA is more important than the amount of n-3 FA in changing the FA compositions of membrane lipids.
The influence of different ratios and dosages of an omega 6:omega 3 fatty acid supplement on the lipoprotein cholesterol and fatty acid profile in nonhuman primates on a western atherogenic diet; Vervet monkeys consuming an atherogenic diet were supplemented with either 200 or 800 mg/d of each of four different gamma-linolenic acid:eicosapentaenoic acid ratios (9:1, 4:1, 2:1, and 1:1) for 12 weeks. Plasma and lipoprotein lipids, and low density lipoprotein (LDL) fatty acid analyses were done before and after supplementation. The 4:1 omega 6:omega 3 fatty acid supplement at 200 mg/d elicited the most favourable plasma lipoprotein cholesterol response. The cholesterol concentration in LDL and high density lipoprotein was respectively decreased and increased. Linoleic and arachidonic acid content in the LDL cholesteryl ester remained constant. Dihomo-gamma-linolenic and eicosapentaenoic acid were increased in LDL phosphatidylcholine, while the arachidonic acid content remained relatively constant. It is concluded that the 4:1 ratio at 200 mg/d was the optimum supplement in our model. The long-term effect of this supplement on lipoprotein metabolism and atherosclerosis needs to be investigated. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Inc.
Comparative Analysis of Gonadal Steroid-Mediated Neuroprotection after Transient Focal Ischemia in Rats: Route of Application and Substrate Composition; Progesterone (P) and 17-estradiol (E2) mitigate neuronal damage after experimentally induced traumatic brain injury (TBI) and ischemic stroke. Fish oil components such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA n3) also provide neuroprotection in these traumatic models. Steroids and PUFA n3 dampen neuroinflammatory processes and regulate glial function in the affected brain areas. Using a transient focal ischemic rat model, we demonstrate that the co-application of PUFA n3 and P/E2 and the choice of the application route have a clear impact on the prevention of ischemia-induced infarct volume and behavioral recovery. A combinatory PUFA n3 plus P/E2 emulsion intravenously administered was most effective in reducing the infarct size and in restoring behavioral reconstitution compared to other oil emulsions and subcutaneous depot medication. These data encourage to refining clinical treatment protocols for TBI and stroke with gonadal steroids and to establishing combinatory drugs of steroids and fish oil-enriched emulsions thereby creating a win-win situation with two effective components.
Antimicrobial mechanism of<i> Limosilactobacillus</i><i> fermentum</i> SHY10 metabolites against pickle film-producing strain by metabolomic and transcriptomic analysis; The antimicrobial mechanism of Limosilactobacillus fermentum SHY10 metabolites on the pickle film-producing strain Candida parapsilosis B7 was investigated in this study. The results showed that SHY10 metabolites mainly consisted of peptides, alkaloids, nucleic acids, hormones and transmitters, and sterol lipids. Peptides and alkaloids accounted respectively for 15.5% and 22.7% of the total. The SHY10 metabolites induced pits on the cell membrane and death of film-producing strain, which were evidenced by scanning electron microscope and fluorescence. Metabolomic results showed that SHY10 metabolites had the most significant effect on the purine metabolic pathway of Candida parapsilosis B7. Transcriptome results showed that 505 genes of Candida parapsilosis B7 related to peroxisome, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, ubiquinone and other terpenoid quinone biosynthesis were remarkably changed with the presence of SHY10 metabolites. The expression of PEX 3, PEX 12, ACOX 1 and wrbA determined by qRT-PCR were consistent with the transcriptome results. In summary, the SHY10 metabolites changed the expression of PEX 3, PEX 12, ACOX 1 and wrbA and affected peroxisome, alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, ubiquinone and other terpenoid quinone biosynthesis pathways, and eventually led to the death of Candida parapsilosis B7.
The effect of flaxseed supplementation on growth, carcass characteristics, fatty acid profile, retail shelf life, and sensory characteristics of beef from steers finished on grasslands of the northern Great Plains; The objective of this trial was to determine if daily supplementation of flaxseed for 85 d to steers finished on grasslands of the northern Great Plains would influence growth and carcass characteristics or the fatty acid profile, tenderness, and sensory characteristics of beef steaks. Eighteen Angus yearling steers (initial BW 399 +/- 21 kg) were randomly divided into 3 groups. Steers in treatment 1 (FLX; n = 6) received a daily supplement of ground flaxseed (0.20% of BW), whereas steers in treatment 2 (CSBM; n = 6) received a daily supplement of ground corn and soybean meal (0.28% of BW), with contents of CP and TDN being similar to the supplement for FLX. Control steers (CONT; n = 6) were not supplemented. Treatments were given to each individual steer in side-by-side stalls and were fed from mid-August to November 7, 2007, the day before slaughter. All steers grazed growing forage from early May through the first week of November. Growth rate of steers fed FLX was 25% greater (P < 0.01) than that of steers fed CONT, but was similar (P = 0.45) to that of steers fed CSBM. No differences were observed for carcass characteristics (P >= 0.14), tenderness (Warner-Bratzler shear force; P >= 0.24), or sensory attributes (P >= 0.40) except for a slight off-flavor detected in steaks from steers fed FLX compared with CONT (7.4 vs. 7.8, respectively, with 8 indicating no off-flavor and 1 indicating extreme off-flavor; P = 0.07) and CSBM (7.9; P = 0.01). The n-3 fatty acids alpha-linolenic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid were 62 and 22% greater, respectively, in beef from steers fed FLX compared with those fed CONT (P < 0.001). The ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids was smaller (P < 0.001) in beef from steers fed FLX compared with the ratios in beef from steers fed CONT and CSBM. Daily supplementation of flaxseed to steers grazing growing vegetation on the northern Great Plains may improve growth rate and enhance the n-3 fatty acid profile of the steaks.
Weathering the storm: how lodgepole pine trees survive mountain pine beetle outbreaks; Recent mountain pine beetle outbreaks in western North America killed millions of lodgepole pine trees, leaving few survivors. However, the mechanism underlying the ability of trees to survive bark beetle outbreaks is unknown, but likely involve phytochemicals such as monoterpenes and fatty acids that can drive beetle aggregation and colonization on their hosts. Thus, we conducted a field survey of beetle-resistant lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta) trees to retrospectively deduce whether these phytochemicals underlie their survival by comparing their chemistry to that of non-attacked trees in the same stands. We also compared beetle attack characteristics between resistant and beetle-killed trees. Beetle-killed trees had more beetle attacks and longer ovipositional galleries than resistant trees, which also lacked the larval establishment found in beetle-killed trees. Resistant trees contained high amounts of toxic and attraction-inhibitive compounds and low amounts of pheromone-precursor and synergist compounds. During beetle host aggregation and colonization, these compounds likely served three critical roles in tree survival. First, low amounts of pheromoneprecursor (alpha-pinene) and synergist (mycrene, terpinolene) compounds reduced or prevented beetles from attracting conspecifics to residual trees. Second, high amounts of 4-allyanisole further inhibited beetle attraction to its pheromone. Finally, high amounts of toxic limonene, 3-carene, 4-allyanisole, alpha-linolenic acid, and linoleic acid inhibited beetle gallery establishment and oviposition. We conclude that the variation of chemotypic expression of local plant populations can have profound ecological consequences including survival during insect outbreaks.
Fatty acids and cardiovascular disease; Fatty acids have been classified into "good" or "bad" groups according to their degree of unsaturation or whether they are "animal fat" or "vegetable fat". Today, it appears that the effects of fatty acids are complex and vary greatly according to the dose and the nature of the molecule. Monounsaturated fatty acids are still considered as having a "neutral" status, but any benefits may be related to the chemical environment of the source food or the associated overall food pattern. Controversy surrounds omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, because even though they lower LDL cholesterol levels, excessive intakes do not appear to be correlated with cardiovascular benefit. The omega-3 fatty acids are known to exert cardiovascular protective effects. Dairy fat and its cardiovascular impact are being evaluated. This review examines the existing literature on the relationships between the different fatty acids and cardiovascular disease.
Diet and risk of ischemic heart disease in India; Background: Ischemic heart disease (IHD) is a leading cause of death in India. Dietary changes could reduce risk, but few studies have addressed the association between diet and IHD risk in India.
Dietary (n-3) fatty acids increase superoxide dismutase activity and decrease thromboxane production in the rat heart; The aims of the present studies were to examine the effects of fish oil (containing (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids) on myocardial thromboxane and prostacyclin production, superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity and malondialdehyde (MDA) production in the rat. Male rats were fed standard pellet diets and the same diets enriched with 7% (w/w) stabilized fish oil or 7% butter (saturated fat) for 2-6 wk. Myocardial production of thromboxane was lower in rats given fish oil than in those fed standard pellets (P < 0.01) or saturated fat (P < 0.05) and the prostacyclin/thromboxane ratio was higher than in rats fed standard pellets (P < 0.05). Myocardial SOD activity was higher in rats fed stabilized fish oil than in those given saturated fat (P < 0.05). Supplementation of the stabilized fish oil with extra vitamin E did not have any major effect on thromboxane and prostacyclin production or SOD activity. The percentage of arachidonic acid in the myocardial phospholipids was lower (P < 0.001) during fish oil than during saturated fat feeding, with no modifying effect of vitamin E supplementation. Feeding with the stabilized fish oil did not alter the myocardial alpha-tocopherol concentration, but the myocardial MDA concentration in vitro was higher (P < 0.01) than after feeding with saturated fat. Supplementation of the stabilized fish oil with extra vitamin E resulted in a higher alpha-tocopherol (P < 0.05) and lower MDA concentration (P < 0.05) in the myocardium compared to the unsupplemented fish oil. Plasma MDA concentration was not changed by fish oil feeding. In conclusion, fish oil feeding resulted in higher myocardial SOD activity and lower thromboxane production. These changes may be contributory mechanisms underlying the antiarrhythmic effect of fish oil. Copyright (C) 1996 Elsevier Science Inc.
Omega-3 supplementation effects on cardiovascular risk and inflammatory profile in chronic kidney disease patients in hemodialysis treatment: An intervention study; Background and aims: Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) is characterized by slow, progressive, and irreversible kidney function loss and the disease itself and hemodialysis treatment can predispose an inflammatory state that increased cardiovascular complications, being one of major mortality causes in kidney patients. The study purpose was to evaluate nutritional profile and impacts of w-3 fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory parameters and cardiovascular events risk in patients with CKD undergoing hemodialysis treatment. Methods: Non-randomized clinical trial, patients with CKD were randomly grouped into a control (n = 29) and supplemented (n = 30) group. Supplemented group patients were instructed to consume two w-3 capsules a day (2g/day) for 8 weeks for further analysis of pre- and post-supplementation Creactive protein (CRP) and other blood parameters. To nutritional status assessment, anthropometric and bioelectrical impedance data were measured, carried out close to supplementation start. Results: 59 patients were evaluated, 49.1% (n = 29) were overweight and 70.7% (n = 41) had high percentage of body fat. Comparing control versus supplemented groups after supplementation serum CRP levels have reduced, no differences were observed (p = 0.716) nevertheless there was reduction in cardiovascular events risk according to C-reactive protein classification (p = 0.004). Ferritin levels have improved in all groups. Changes in the levels of other biochemical markers hemoglobin, hematocrit, urea, creatinine, and Kt/v have happened. However, group that received w-3 showed an improvement in serum albumin levels (p = 0.014), in addition to demonstrating greater adequacy classification of albumin after supplementation (p = 0.022). Conclusion: Omega-3 supplementation have caused an improvement in albumin plasma levels suitableness in Chronic Kidney Disease patients, however, it did not demonstrate statistical effects to reducing CRP levels, although this helped to reduce cardiovascular risk. (c) 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
FISH-OIL PRECONDITIONING MODULATES PLASMA MCP-1 AND TIMP-1 LEVELS AFTER EXPERIMENTAL INDUCED TRANSIENT CEREBRAL ISCHEMIA; The aim of the study was to assess the dynamic changes in cytokines profile and their correlation to immunohistochem stry brain modifications after transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO) in saline-treated ischemic rats compared to fish oil preconditioned rats. 30 Wistar male adult rats randomly divided into sham (n = 10), ischemic (n = 10), and fish oil (FO) (n = 10) groups underwent tMCAO using a silicone monofilament technique with a minimum invasive procedure. Blood was withdrawn at 6 hrs and 24 hrs after reperfusion, and ischemia was verified 24 hrs after reperfusion by MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) acquisition. Neurological assessment was performed using a five-point scale. Five cytokines (TNF-alfa, IL6, TIMP-1, MCP-1, and VEGF) were simultaneously analysed using the multiplex immunoassay based on xMAP (multianalyte profiling) technology. Plasma concentration of TIMP-1 was higher in ischemic and FO group compared to sham, 6 hrs after reperfusion; in the ischemic group, the concentration of TIMP-1 raised significantly at 24 hrs (37.28 perpendicular to 4.85 pg/mL) compared to FO group (14.11 +/- 1.79 ng/mL), p < 0.0001. Plasma MCP-1 concentration did not differ between sham (0.69 +/- 0.18 pg/mL) and FO group (0.798 perpendicular to 0.060 pg/mL), while in the ischemic group level was significantly higher (1.627 perpendicular to 0.19 pg/mL), p = 0.0001. Whilst in the ischemic group, concentrations were elevated at both points of measurement, in the FO group the level significantly decreased after 24 hrs (p = 0.0005). Omega 3 PUFA (polyunsaturated fatty acid) decreased plasma MCP-1 level, a key cytokine involved in the inflammatory cell migration. Additionally, in Omega 3 preconditioned group, TIMP-1 expression was lower, probably due to a lower activation of matrix metalloproteinases.
Importance of the dietary fat on the prevention and control of metabolic disturbances and cardiovascular disease; The World Health Organization (WHO) has recently reinforced the fact that inadequate diets, along with physical inactivity, are among the ten main determinant factors of mortality. Several randomized trials demonstrated that dietary interventions may lower or even prevent the occurrence of several non-communicable diseases. In this context, the role of diet has been exhaustively evaluated in several clinical and epidemiological studies. Thus, it is well established in literature that the amount and type of dietary fat have a direct influence on cardiovascular risk factors, such as lipids and plasma lipoprotein concentration, as well as their association with inflammatory processes. Fatty acids also participate in complex intracellular signaling systems, a function which has been currently investigated. Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) act not only by altering membrane lipid composition, cellular metabolism and signal transduction, but also modulating gene expression by regulating the activity and/or production of different nuclear transcription factors. The aim of this article is to review important topics regarding the lipids metabolism and correlate them with nutritional therapies that may contribute to the prevention and treatment of related diseases. Arq Bras Endocrinol Metab. 2009;53(5):595-607.
Comprehensive Analysis of Factors Associated with New Episode of Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation after Coronary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery; The aim of the study was to perform a comprehensive fundamental analysis of the factors of inflammation, oxidative stress, fibrosis, myocardial dysfunction, ischemia and omega-3 index associated with postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) after coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery in patients with coronary artery disease. The study involved 158 patients who were admitted to the hospital to undergo CABG surgery. Patients were divided into two groups: group 1 comprised 111 patients without POAF (82% males, median age-62.0 (56.0; 66.0) years), and group 2 comprised 47 patients with POAF (84.4% males, median age-65.0 (61.0; 70.0) years). POAF occurred 5.2 (2.0; 7.0) days after CABG. In all the patients, we evaluated laboratory tests before and 3-4 days after CABG. All the patients also underwent echocardiography. According to results of multifactorial regression analysis, the odds ratio of POAF development for left atrial diameter >41 mm was 4.3 (95% confidence interval (CI) 2.0-9.7, p < 0.001), interleukin (IL)-6 postoperative levels >22.07 pg/mL-3.0 (95% CI 1.4-8.2, p = 0.006), IL-8 postoperative levels >9.67 pg/mL-2.3 (95% CI 1.2-7.3, p = 0.006), superoxide dismutase postoperative levels in plasma >1100.5 U/g-3.2 (95% CI 1.4-9.2, p = 0.03), glutathione postoperative levels <= 0.194 micromole/g of hemoglobin-1.9 (95% CI 1.2-6.3, p < 0.001), glutathione peroxidase postoperative levels <= 17.36 millimole/g of hemoglobin-2.2 (95% CI 1.1-8.2, p < 0.001), glutathione reductase postoperative levels <= 2.99 millimole/g of hemoglobin-2.3 (95% CI, 1.1-5.7, p < 0.001), malondialdehyde postoperative levels >1.25 micromole/g of hemoglobin-2.0 (95% CI, 1.2-7.9, p < 0.001), NO postoperative levels in plasma >36.4 micromole/L-1.5 (95% CI, 1.1-5.9, p < 0.001) and omega-3 index <= 1.59%-2.6 (95% CI 1.5-9.1, p < 0.001). Our study showed that increased left atrial diameter, high postoperative levels of inflammatory factors, oxidative stress, fibrosis indicators and omega-3 index were associated with POAF in patients who underwent CABG.
Usefulness of Heart Rate to Predict One-Year Mortality in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation and Acute Myocardial Infarction (from the OMEGA Trial); In the setting of acute myocardial infarction and sinus rhythm, the heart rate (BR) has been demonstrated to correlate closely with mortality. In patients presenting with acute myocardial infarction and atrial fibrillation (AF) on admission, however, the prognostic relevance of the BR has not yet been systematically addressed. A post hoc subgroup analysis of the data from the OMEGA trial was conducted to analyze whether the admission HR determines the 1-year mortality in patients presenting with AF in the setting of acute myocardial infarction. Of 3,851 patients enrolled in the OMEGA study, 211 (6%) presented with AF on admission. This subgroup was dichotomized according to the admission HR (cutoff 95 beats/min). Multiple regression analysis revealed that an admission BR of >= 95 beats/min independently determined the 1-year mortality in patients with AF (odds ratio 4.69, 95% confidence interval 1.47 to 15.01; p = 0.01). In conclusion, this is the first study demonstrating that a high HR (>= 95 beats/min) on admission in patients with AF and acute myocardial infarction is associated with art almost fivefold mortality risk. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2013;111:811-815)
Differences in Transcriptional Activation by the Two Allelic (L162V Polymorphic) Variants of PPARα after Omega-3 Fatty Acids Treatment; Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) have the potential to regulate gene expression via the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR alpha); therefore, genetic variations in this gene may impact its transcriptional activity on target genes. It is hypothesized that the transcriptional activity by wild-type L162-PPAR alpha is enhanced to a greater extent than the mutated variant (V162-PPAR alpha) in the presence of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or a mixture of EPA: DHA. To examine the functional difference of the two allelic variants on receptor activity, transient co-transfections were performed in human hepatoma HepG2 cells activated with EPA, DHA and EPA: DHA mixtures. Results indicate that the addition of EPA or DHA demonstrate potential to increase the transcriptional activity by PPAR alpha with respect to basal level in both variants. Yet, the EPA: DHA mixtures enhanced the transcriptional activity to a greater extent than individual FAs indicating possible additive effects of EPA and DHA. Additionally, the V162 allelic form of PPAR alpha demonstrated consistently lower transcriptional activation when incubated with EPA, DHA or EPA: DHA mixtures than, the wild-type variant. In conclusion, both allelic variants of the PPAR alpha L162V are activated by omega-3 FAs; however, the V162 allelic form displays a lower transcriptional activity than the wild-type variant. Copyright (C) 2009 Iwona Rudkowska et al.
The omega-3 fatty acid-derived neuroprotectin D1 limits hippocampal hyperexcitability and seizure susceptibility in kindling epileptogenesis; Purpose: Temporal lobe epilepsy, one of the most common epilepsy syndromes, is characterized by hippocampal hyperexcitability and progressive seizure susceptibility. Omega-3 fatty acids are involved in neuronal excitability and have anticonvulsant properties. We studied the effect of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or its derived lipid mediator, neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1, 10R, 17S-dihydroxy-docosa-4Z, 7Z, 11E, 13E, 15Z, 19Z-hexaenoic acid), in evoked seizures using a rapid kindling model of temporal lobe epilepsy.
Dietary fat composition and cardiac events in patients with type 2 diabetes; Objective: To evaluate associations of dietary fat composition with the development of cardiac events in patients with type 2 diabetes, without ischemic heart disease who were followed for at least 12 months.
Dihomo-γ-linolenic acid inhibits several key cellular processes associated with atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis and its complications are responsible for one in three global deaths. Nutraceuticals show promise in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis but require an indepth understanding of the mechanisms underlying their actions. A previous study showed that the omega-6 fatty acid, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), attenuated atherosclerosis in the apolipoprotein E deficient mouse model system. However, the mechanisms underlying such protective effects of DGLA are poorly understood and were therefore investigated. We show that DGLA attenuates chemokine-driven monocytic migration together with foam cell formation and the expression of key pro-atherogenic genes induced by three pro-inflammatory cytokines in human macrophages. The effect of DGLA on interferon-gamma signaling was mediated via inhibition of signal transducer and activator of transcription-1 phosphorylation on serine 727. In relation to anti-foam cell action, DGLA inhibits modified LDL uptake by both macropinocytosis and receptor-mediated endocytosis, the latter by reduction in expression of two key scavenger receptors (SR-A and CD36), and stimulates cholesterol efflux from foam cells. DGLA also improves macrophage mitochondrial bioenergetic profile by decreasing proton leak. Gamma-linolenic acid and prostaglandin El, upstream precursor and key metabolite respectively of DGLA, also acted in an anti-atherogenic manner. The actions of DGLA extended to other key atherosclerosis-associated cell types with attenuation of endothelial cell proliferation and migration of smooth muscle cells in response to platelet-derived growth factor. This study provides novel insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying the anti-atherogenic actions of DGLA and supports further assessments on its protective effects on plaque regression in vivo and in human trials.
Mechanistic understanding of KCNQ1 activating polyunsaturated fatty acid analogs; The KCNQ1 channel is important for the repolarization phase of the cardiac action potential. Loss of function mutations in KCNQ1 can cause long QT syndrome (LQTS), which can lead to cardiac arrythmia and even sudden cardiac death. We have previously shown that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and PUFA analogs can activate the cardiac KCNQ1 channel, making them potential therapeutics for the treatment of LQTS. PUFAs bind to KCNQ1 at two different binding sites: one at the voltage sensor (Site I) and one at the pore (Site II). PUFA interaction at Site I shifts the voltage dependence of the channel to the left, while interaction at Site II increases maximal conductance. The PUFA analogs, linoleic-glycine and linoleic-tyrosine, are more effective than linoleic acid at Site I, but less effective at Site II. Using both simulations and experiments, we find that the larger head groups of linoleic-glycine and linoleic-tyrosine interact with more residues than the smaller linoleic acid at Site I. We propose that this will stabilize the negatively charged PUFA head group in a position to better interact electrostatically with the positively charges in the voltage sensor. In contrast, the larger head groups of linoleic-glycine and linoleic-tyrosine compared with linoleic acid prevent a close fit of these PUFA analogs in Site II, which is more confined. In addition, we identify several KCNQ1 residues as critical PUFA-analog binding residues, thereby providing molecular models of specific interactions between PUFA analogs and KCNQ1. These interactions will aid in future drug development based on PUFA-KCNQ1 channel interactions.
Docosahexaenoic acid reduces resting blood pressure but increases muscle sympathetic outflow compared with eicosapentaenoic acid in healthy men and women; Supplementation with monounsaturated or omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) can lower resting blood pressure (BP) and reduce the risk of cardiovascular events. The independent contributions of the n-3 PUFAs eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on BP, and the mechanisms responsible, are unclear. We tested whether EPA, DHA, and olive oil (OO), a source of monounsaturated fat, differentially affect resting hemodynamics and muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA). Eighty-six healthy young men and women were recruited to participate in a 12-wk, randomized, double-blind trial examining the effects of orally supplementing similar to 3 g/day of EPA (n = 28), DHA (n = 28), or OO (n = 30) on resting hemodynamics; MSNA was examined in a subset of participants (n = 31). Both EPA and DHA supplements increased the omega-3 index (P < 0.01). Reductions in systolic BP were greater [adjusted intergroup mean difference (95% confidence interval)] after DHA [-3.4 mmHg (-0.9, -5.9), P < 0.008] and OO [-3.0 mmHg (-0.5, -5.4), P < 0.01] compared with EPA, with no difference between DHA and OO (P < 0.74). Reductions in diastolic BP were greater following DHA [-3.4 mmHg (-1.3, -5.6), P < 0.002] and OO [-2.2 mmHg (0.08, -4.3), P < 0.04] compared with EPA. EPA increased heart rate compared with DHA [4.2 beats/min (-0.009, 8.4), P < 0.05] and OO [4.2 beats/min, (0.08, 8.3), P < 0.04]. MSNA burst frequency was higher after DHA [4 bursts/min (0.5, 8.3), P < 0.02] but not OO [-3 bursts/min (-6, 0.6), P < 0.2] compared with EPA. Overall, DHA and OO evoked similar responses in resting BP; however, DHA, but not OO, increased peripheral vasoconstrictor outflow. These findings may have implications for fatty acid supplementation in clinical populations characterized by chronic high BP and sympathetic overactivation.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY N-3 FATTY ACID-ENRICHED CHICKEN EGGS ON PLASMA AND TISSUE CHOLESTEROL AND FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF RATS; The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of feeding n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-enriched chicken eggs on plasma and liver cholesterol levels and fatty acid composition in rats. Eggs were collected from laying hens fed diets containing 10% flax seed (Hn-3), 12% sunflower seed (Hn-6), or wheat and soybean meal control (CON). Yolk powders were prepared and fed at the 15% level to weanling female Sprague-Dawley rats for 28 days. Consumption of n-3 PUFA-enriched yolks significantly reduced both plasma and liver total cholesterol. Liver total lipids and phospholipids of rats fed Hn-3 diet were enriched with linolenic, eicosapentaenoic, and docosahexaenoic acids with a concomitant reduction of arachidonic acid in liver phospholipids. The plasma cholesterol of rats fed yolk powders enriched with n-6 PUFA (mainly linoleic acid) was reduced to the same extent as in those fed the n-3 enriched, but the liver cholesterol was significantly increased, indicating differential effects of dietary n-3 and n-6 PUFA. The results demonstrated that the cholesterolemic and tissue lipid modulating properties of chicken eggs could be modified in a favorable way by altering the fatty acid composition of yolk lipids through manipulation of laying hen diets.
Mechanisms by which botanical lipids affect inflammatory disorders; Changes in diet over the past century have markedly altered the consumption of fatty acids. The dramatic increase in the ingestion of saturated and n-6 fatty acids and concomitant decrease in n-3 fatty acids are thought to be a major driver of the increase in the incidence of inflammatory diseases such as asthma, allergy, and atherosclerosis. The central objective of the Center for Botanical Lipids at Wake Forest University School of Medicine and the Brigham and Women's Hospital is to delineate the mechanisms by which fatty acid-based dietary supplements inhibit inflammation leading to chronic human diseases such as cardiovascular disease and asthma. The key question that this center addresses is whether botanical n-6 and n-3 fatty acids directly block recognized biochemical pathways or the expression of critical genes that lead to asthma and atherosclerosis. Dietary supplementation with flaxseed oil, borage oil, and echium oil affects the biochemistry of fatty acid metabolism and thus the balance of proinflammatory mediators and atherogenic lipids. Supplementation studies have begun to identify key molecular and genetic mechanisms that regulate the production of lipid mediators involved in inflammatory and hyperlipidemic diseases. Echium oil and other oils containing stearidonic acid as well as botanical oil combinations (such as echium and borage oils) hold great promise for modulating inflammatory diseases.
Effect of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids on age-related changes in cardiac mitochondrial membranes; Remodeling of myocardial cell membranes is a major feature of advanced age. Mitochondrial function, crucial to sustaining energy production and management of myocardial metabolism, is impacted by age-dependent remodeling and ultimately exhibits a diminished threshold for excess Ca2+ buffering during events that stimulate increased myocardial Ca2+, such as augmented cardiac work, oxidative stress or post-ischemic reflow. Relative Ca2+ intolerance, augmented superoxide formation and reduced efficiency in the management of reactive oxygen species, are important mitochondrial factors (of many) that are apparent in senescence and predispose the, myocardium to be more vulnerable to ischemic injury. In addition to cell death, surviving myocytes increase in size and exhibit altered gene, expression of key effector proteins, including those that sustain Ca2+ homeostasis. Age-associated mitochondrial membrane changes include increases in membrane rigidity, cholesterol, phosphatidylcholine, omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal, and decreases in omega-3 PUFA and cardiolipin. These effects have been shown in animal studies to be exaggerated by diet rich in long chain omega-6 PUFA (i.e., arachidonic acid), and have profound consequences on the efficacy of membrane proteins involved with ion homeostasis, signal transduction, redox reactions and oxidative phosphorylation. However, some of the age-related detrimental adaptations may be beneficially modified by dietary strategy. Diet rich in omega-3 PUFA reverses the age-associated membrane omega-3:omega-6 PUFA imbalance, and dysfunctional Ca2+ metabolism, facilitating increased efficiency of mitochondrial energy production and improved tolerance of ischemia and reperfusion. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Neuroinflammation and aging: influence of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid; The innate immune system of the brain is principally composed of microglial cells and astrocytes, which, once activated, protect neurons against noxious agents or lesions. Activated glial cells produce inflammatory cytokines that act specifically through receptors expressed in the brain, leading to the development of altered emotional and cognitive behavior. These behavioral alterations cease along with the synthesis of brain cytokines. When the level of expression of these cytokines remains high, they become toxic to neurons possibly leading to neuronal death, as observed in neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease. Omega-3 (n-3) type polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential nutrients and fundamental components of neuronal and glial cell membranes. Additionally, they have immunomodulatory properties. They accumulate in the brain during the perinatal period in a dietary supply-dependant fashion. Their brain levels diminish with age, but can be corrected by a diet enriched in n-3 PUFAs. The increasing exposure of the population to diets unbalanced in n-3 PUFAs could contribute to the deleterious effect of inflammatory cytokines in the brain.
Endogenous Signaling by Omega-3 Docosahexaenoic Acid-derived Mediators Sustains Homeostatic Synaptic and Circuitry Integrity; The harmony and function of the complex brain circuits and synapses are sustained mainly by excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmission, neurotrophins, gene regulation, and factors, many of which are incompletely understood. A common feature of brain circuit components, such as dendrites, synaptic membranes, and other membranes of the nervous system, is that they are richly endowed in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the main member of the omega-3 essential fatty acid family. DHA is avidly retained and concentrated in the nervous system and known to play a role in neuroprotection, memory, and vision. Only recently has it become apparent why the surprisingly rapid increases in free (unesterified) DHA pool size take place at the onset of seizures or brain injury. This phenomenon began to be clarified by the discovery of neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), the first-uncovered bioactive docosanoid formed from free DHA through 15-lipoxygenase-1 (15-LOX-1). NPD1 synthesis includes, as agonists, oxidative stress and neurotrophins. The evolving concept is that DHA-derived docosanoids set in motion endogenous signaling to sustain homeostatic synaptic and circuit integrity. NPD1 is anti-inflammatory, displays inflammatory resolving activities, and induces cell survival, which is in contrast to the pro-inflammatory actions of the many of omega-6 fatty acid family members. We highlight here studies relevant to the ability of DHA to sustain neuronal function and protect synapses and circuits in the context of DHA signalolipidomics. DHA signalolipidomics comprises the integration of the cellular/tissue mechanism of DHA uptake, its distribution among cellular compartments, the organization and function of membrane domains containing DHA phospholipids, and the precise cellular and molecular events revealed by the uncovering of signaling pathways regulated by docosanoids endowed with prohomeostatic and cell survival bioactivity. Therefore, this approach offers emerging targets for prevention, pharmaceutical intervention, and clinical translation involving DHA-mediated signaling.
Dietary flax seed in prevention of hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis; Oxygen free radicals (OFRs) have been implicated in the development of hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis. Flax seed is the richest source of omega-3 fatty acid and lignans. omega-3 Fatty acid suppresses the production of interleukin-1 (IL-1), tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and leukotriene B-4 (LTB4), and of OFRs by polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNLs) and monocytes. Lignans possess anti-platelet activating factor (PAF) activity and are antioxidant. PAF, IL-1, TNF and LTB4 are known to stimulate PMNLs to produce OFRs. Flaxseed would, therefore, reduce the levels of OFRs and hence would prevent the development of hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis. The effects of dietary flax seed on a high cholesterol diet induced atherosclerosis, lipid profile and OFR-producing activity of PMNLs (PMNL-CZ) were investigated in rabbits. The rabbits were divided into 4 groups: group I, control; group II, flax seed diet (7.5 g/kg daily, orally); group III, 1% cholesterol diet; and group IV, same as group III but received flax seed (7.5 g/kg daily, orally). Blood samples were collected before and after 4 and 8 weeks on their respective diets for biochemical measurements and aortae were removed at the end of 8 weeks for estimation of atherosclerotic changes. The high cholesterol diet increased the serum level of total cholesterol (TC) and PMNL-CL without altering the levels of serum triglycerides (TG). These changes were associated with a marked development of atherosclerosis in the aorta. Flax seed reduced the development of aortic atherosclerosis by 46% and reduced the PMNL-CL without significantly lowering the serum cholesterol. Flax seed in normocholesterolemic rabbits increased serum fetal cholesterol and decreased PMNL-CL without significantly affecting the serum TG. Modest dietary flax seed supplementation is effective in reducing hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis markedly without lowering serum cholesterol. Its effectiveness against hypercholesterolemic atherosclerosis could be due to suppression of enhanced production of OFRs by PMNLs in hypercholesterolemia. Dietary flax seed supplementation could, therefore, prevent hypercholesterolemia-related heart attack and strokes. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Role of liver and plasma lipoproteins in selective transport of n-3 fatty acids to tissues:: A comparative study of <SUP>14</SUP>C-DHA and <SUP>3</SUP>H-oleic acid tracers; We conducted a study aimed at a direct comparison of the plasma dynamics and uptake of docosahexaenoic (DHA) and oleic (OA) fatty acids by various organs. C-14-DHA and H-3-OA were intravenously co-injected into mice. At 5 min after injection, more than 40% of the C-14-DHA, but less than 20% of the H-3-OA, labels was associated with the liver. Heart uptake of C-14-DHA was three to four times greater compared to the H-3-OA label. Brain incorporation of C-14-DHA slowly rose to 0.7% at 24 h, but it remained at the 1-1.5% level for 3H-OA. Total 14 C activity in plasma reached 2% of the injected dose at 20 min and leveled off at 0.5% after 1.5 h. Fifteen percent of C-14-DHA plasma activity at 30 min was associated with non-esterified fatty acids, whereas about 85% was recovered in triglycerides in very low-density lipoprotem (VLDL) and LDL fractions. Only 30% of H-3-OA derived activity was found in the VLDL fraction at 30 min. All H-3 activity in plasma at later time points was in catabolite fractions. These findings demonstrate that liver plays an important role in the initial selectivity for DHA. It is likely that DHA is specifically taken up by liver, esterified, loaded into lipoproteins, and then delivered to brain, heart, and other target tissues.
Fish nutrients decrease expression levels of tumor necrosis factor-α in cultured human macrophages; Rudkowska I, Marcotte B, Pilon G, Lavigne C, Marette A, Vohl MC. Fish nutrients decrease expression levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in cultured human macrophages. Physiol Genomics 40: 189-194, 2010. First published December 1, 2009; doi:10.1152/physiolgenomics.00120.2009.-Numerous studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of fish consumption on inflammatory markers. Until now, these beneficial effects of fish consumption have been mostly linked to the omega-3 fatty acids (FA). The objective of the present study was to examine, in vitro, whether expression levels of genes involved in the inflammatory response differ in human macrophages incubated with casein hydrolysates (CH) or fish protein hydrolysates (FPH) in the presence or absence of omega-3 FA compared with omega-3 FA alone. Peripheral blood monocytes differentiated into macrophages from 10 men were incubated in the presence of omega-3 FA (10 mu M eicosapentaenoic acid and 5 mu M docosahexaenoic acid) or CH or FPH (10, 100, 1,000 mu g) with or without omega-3 FA for 48 h. Results demonstrate that expression levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) had a tendency to be lower after the addition of FPH alone or CH with omega-3 FA compared with omega-3 FA treatment. Furthermore, the combination of FPH and omega-3 FA synergistically decreased expression levels of TNF alpha compared to treatment with omega-3 FA or FPH alone. No difference on gene expression levels of interleukin-6 was observed between treatments. In conclusion, these preliminary results suggest that the anti-inflammatory effects of fish consumption can be explained by a synergistic effect of the omega-3 FA with the protein components of fish on TNF alpha expression and therefore contribute to the beneficial effects of fish consumption. Hence, follow-up studies should be performed to confirm the effects of a diet rich in FPH and omega-3 FA on serum proinflammatory cytokine concentrations.
Circulating Long-Chain ω-3 Fatty Acids and Incidence of Congestive Heart Failure in Older Adults: The Cardiovascular Health Study A Cohort Study; Background: Few previous studies have evaluated associations between long-chain omega-3 fatty acids and incidence of congestive heart failure (CHF), and those that have are typically based on diet questionnaires and yield conflicting results. Circulating fatty acid concentrations provide objective biomarkers of exposure.
Differential dose effect of fish oil on inflammation and adipose tissue gene expression in chronic kidney disease patients; Objective: The beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in cardiovascular disease are partly attributed to their anti-inflammatory properties. Their potential effect on the adipose tissue of chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients has never been explored.
Health effects of trans fatty acids; trans Fatty acids are formed during the process of partial hydrogenation in which liquid vegetable oils are converted to margarine and vegetable shortening. Concern has existed that this process may have adverse consequences because natural essential fatty acids are destroyed and the new artificial isomers are structurally similar to saturated fats, lack the essential metabolic activity of the parent compounds, and inhibit the enzymatic desaturation of linoleic and linolenic acid. In the past 5 y a series of metabolic studies has provided unequivocal evidence that trans fatty acids increase plasma concentrations of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and reduce concentrations of high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol relative to the parent natural fat. In these same studies, trans fatty acids increased the plasma ratio of total to HDL cholesterol nearly twofold compared with saturated fats. On the basis of these metabolic effects and the known relation of blood lipid concentrations to risk of coronary artery disease, we estimate conservatively that 30 000 premature deaths/y in the United States are attributable to consumption of trans fatty acids. Epidemiologic studies, although not conclusive on their own, are consistent with adverse effects of this magnitude or even larger. Because there are no known nutritional benefits of trans fatty acids and clear adverse metabolic consequences exist. prudent public policy would dictate that their consumption be minimized and that information on the trans fatty acid content of foods be available to consumers.
Higher n-6:n-3 Fatty Acid Intake Is Associated with Decreased Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in a Racially Diverse Sample of Children; Background: Accumulating evidence implicates diet quality in childhood as playing a significant role in adult cardiometabolic health. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) of the n-6 (omega-6) and n-3 (omega-3) series contribute unique protective effects against cardiometabolic disease. As such, the ratio between n-6 and n-3 PUFAs is a dietary metric of interest in the early life span, although an optimum intake ratio has yet to be determined.
Modeled replacement of traditional soybean and canola oil with high-oleic varieties increases monounsaturated fatty acid and reduces both saturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in the US adult population; Background: High-oleic (HO) seed oils are being introduced as replacements for trans fatty acid (TFA)-containing fats and oils. Negative health effects associated with TFAs led to their removal from the US Generally Recognized As Safe list. HO oils formulated for use in food production may result in changes in fatty acid intake at population levels.
<i>n</i>-3, but not <i>n</i>-6 lipid particle uptake requires cell surface anchoring; Omega-3 (n - 3) fatty acids are emerging as bioactive agents protective against cardiovascular disease. However, their cellular delivery pathways are poorly defined. Here we questioned whether the uptake of it - 3 triglyceride-rich particles (TGRP) is mediated by cell surface proteoglycans (PG) using LDL receptor (LDLR)+/+ and LDLR-/- cell models. LDLR+/+ but not LDLR-/- cells showed higher it - 6 over n - 3 TGRP uptake. Removal of cell Surface proteins and receptors by pronase markedly enhanced the uptake of it - 3 but not n - 6 TGRP. Lactoferrin blockage of apoE-mediated pathways decreased the uptake of n - 6 TGRP by Lip to 85% (p < 0.05) but had insignificant effect on it - 3 TGRP uptake. PG removal by sodium chlorate in LDLR+/+ cells substantially reduced it - 3 TGRP uptake but had little effect on n - 6 TGRP uptake. Thus, while n - 6 TGRP uptake is preferentially mediated by LDLR-dependent pathways, the uptake of n - 3 TGRP depends more on PG and non-LDLR cell surface anchoring. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-chain <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids as an essential link between musculoskeletal and cardio-metabolic health in older adults; This narrative review aims to critically evaluate scientific evidence exploring the therapeutic role(s) of long-chain n-3 PUFA in the context of ageing, and specifically, sarcopenia. We highlight that beyond impairments in physical function and a lack of independence, the age-related decline in muscle mass has ramifications for cardio-metabolic health. Specifically, skeletal muscle is crucial in regulating blood glucose homeostasis (and by extension reducing type 2 diabetes mellitus risk) and providing gluconeogenic precursors that are critical for survival during muscle wasting conditions (i.e. AIDS). Recent interest in the potential anabolic action of n-3 PUFA is based on findings from experimental studies that measured acute changes in the stimulation of muscle protein synthesis (MPS) and/or chronic changes in muscle mass and strength in response to fish oil-derived n-3 PUFA supplementation. Key findings include a potentiated response of MPS to amino acid provision or resistance-based exercise with n-3 PUFA in healthy older adults that extrapolated to longer-term changes in muscle mass and strength. The key mechanism(s) underpinning this enhanced response of MPS remains to be fully elucidated, but is likely driven by the incorporation of exogenous n-3 PUFA into the muscle phospholipid membrane and subsequent up-regulation of cell signalling proteins known to control MPS. In conclusion, multiple lines of evidence suggest that dietary n-3 PUFA provide an essential link between musculoskeletal and cardio-metabolic health in older adults. Given that western diets are typically meagre in n-3 PUFA content, nutritional recommendations for maintaining muscle health with advancing age should place greater emphasis on dietary n-3 PUFA intake.
Effect of melatonin and linolenic acid on mammary cancer in transgenic mice with c-<i>neu</i> breast cancer oncogene; Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers and is a leading cause of mortality in women. The TG.NK transgenic mouse line expresses the c-neu breast cancer oncogene under the control of a MMTV promoter and appears to be a useful animal model for evaluation of intervention strategies to delay/prevent breast cancer. Fiber-rich nonpurified diet (NTP-2000) and some retinoid analogues have been shown to significantly delay the development of mammary cancer in the TG.NK model. Four-week-old hemizygous TG.NK female mice with MMTV/c-neu oncogene fed NTP-2000 diet were gavaged with 0.05-0.2 ml of flaxseed oil as the source of omega -3 rich PUFA, or melatonin at 50-200 mg/kg or a combination of 0.10 ml flaxseed oil and 50 mg/kg melatonin in a gavage volume of 0.2 ml per mouse with corn oil as the vehicle for 30 weeks. The time course of the mammary tumor incidence pattern was advanced by flaxseed oil compared to the control. At the high dose (0.2 ml) of flaxseed oil, when the omega -6: omega -3 PUFA ratio was closer to 1, there was some delay in the growth of mammary tumors. Melatonin delayed the appearance of palpable tumors and the growth of the tumors with a dose-related statistically significant negative trend for the incidence of tumors. The combination of flaxseed oil and melatonin caused a significant decrease in the number of tumors and tumor weight per mouse compared to the control and to flaxseed oil but not to melatonin alone. Flaxseed oil may delay the growth of mammary tumors if the omega -6:omega -3 PUFA ratio of fat consumed is closer to 1. Melatonin has the potential to markedly delay the appearance of palpable mammary tumors. Studies are in progress with the TG.NK mouse model to understand the histological and molecular changes associated with the dose-response pattern of mammary tumor incidence and growth after treatment with a broad range of doses of melatonin.
INFLUENCE OF DIETARY COD LIVER OIL ON FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF PLASMA-LIPIDS IN HUMAN MALE-SUBJECTS AFTER MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; A randomized crossover study was carried out to investigate the fatty acid profile and concentrations of plasma lipids in male patients with myocardial infarction (MI) who supplemented their diet with 20 ml cod liver oil daily for 6 weeks. Subjects were divided into two groups, A and B. Group A received cod liver oil daily for 6 weeks after hospital discharge, but none for the subsequent 6 weeks. Group B did not start taking cod liver oil until 6 weeks after hospital discharge, and they then took cod liver oil for 6 weeks. Diet, medication or smoking habits were kept as constant as possible during the study. During the period of cod liver oil intake, eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 (n-3), EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6 (n-3), DHA) increased significantly in phospholipids (PL), triglycerides (TG) and cholesterol esters (CE), whereas linoleic acid (18:2 (n-6), LA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (20:3 (n-6), DHGLA) and arachidonic acid (20:4 (n-6), AA) were significantly decreased in phospholipids. The plasma level of TG was significantly decreased during the cod liver oil intake. Total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and levels of apolipoproteins A1 and B were not affected by cod liver oil in these MI patients.
Current intakes of EPA and DHA in European populations and the potential of animal-derived foods to increase them; The beneficial effects of long-chain (C chain >= 20) n-3 PUFA are well documented and, overall, increased intake reduces risk of CVD. Recent evidence also points to a role in reducing, age-related decline in cognitive function. The two key fatty acids are EPA (20:5) and DHA (22:6), with current UK recommendation for adults being 450 mg EPA + DHA/d. Whilst some EPA and DHA can be synthesised in vivo from alpha-linolenic acid, recent data indicate this source to be very limited, Suggesting that EPA and DHA should be classified as dietary essentials. In many parts of Europe the daily intake of EPA + DHA by adults and especially young adults (18-24 years) is < 100 mg/d, since many never eat oily fish. Poultry meat contributes small but worthwhile amounts of EPA+DHA. Studies to enrich the EPA+DHA content of animal-derived foods mainly use fish oil in the diet of the animal. Recent work has shown that such enrichment has the potential to provide to the UK adult diet a daily intake of EPA+DHA of about 230 mg, with poultry meat providing the largest amount (74 mg). There are. however. concerns that the Continued and possibly increased use of fish oils in animals diets is not Sustainable and alternative approaches are being examined, including the genetic modification of certain plants to allow them to synthesise EPA and DHA from shorter-chain precursors.
PPARα and PPARγ Signaling Is Enhanced in the Brain of the Naked Mole-Rat, a Mammal that Shows Intrinsic Neuroprotection from Oxygen Deprivation; Naked mole-rats (NMRs) are a long-lived animal that do not develop age-related diseases including neurodegeneration and cancer. Additionally, NMRs have a profound ability to consume reactive oxygen species (ROS) and survive long periods of oxygen deprivation. Here, we evaluated the unique proteome across selected brain regions of NMRs at different ages. Compared to mice, we observed numerous differentially expressed proteins related to altered mitochondrial function in all brain regions, suggesting that the mitochondria in NMRs may have adapted to compensate for energy demands associated with living in a harsh, underground environment. Keeping in mind that ROS can induce polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation under periods of neuronal stress, we investigated docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (AA) peroxidation under oxygen-deprived conditions and observed that NMRs undergo DHA and AA peroxidation to a far less extent compared to mice. Further, our proteomic analysis also suggested enhanced peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-retinoid X receptor (RXR) activation in NMRs via the PPAR alpha-RXR and PPAR gamma-RXR complexes. Correspondingly, we present several lines of evidence supporting PPAR activation, including increased eicosapetenoic and omega-3 docosapentaenoic acid, as well as an upregulation of fatty acid-binding protein 3 and 4, known transporters of omega-3 fatty acids and PPAR activators. These results suggest enhanced PPAR alpha and PPAR gamma signaling as a potential, innate neuroprotective mechanism in NMRs.
N-3 FATTY-ACIDS AND CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE - OBSERVATIONS GENERATED BY STUDIES IN GREENLAND ESKIMOS; Polyunsaturated fatty acids of the n-3 type (n-3 PUFAs) may offer some protection against ischaemic heart disease (IHD). Part of the evidence has been derived from our investigations on Greenland Eskimos. Through six expeditions to Greenland, we have studied Eskimos living on their traditional seas diet. We found favourable changes in lipids and lipoproteins, together with a reduced platelet reactivity in the Eskimos-findings of importance for their low incidence of IHD. In this survey we intend to review studies on the effects of an increased intake of n-3 PUFAs, focusing on lipids and platelets. We conclude that beneficial changes in general have been obtained. However, individual patients and patient groups likely to profit from supplementation with n-3 PUFAs need to be further defined. The optimum does needs to be established, and the effect and safety to be documented by highly needed long term studies.
Dietary fatty acids and lipoprotein metabolism: new insights and updates; Purpose of review
A novel therapeutic strategy for experimental stroke using docosahexaenoic acid complexed to human albumin; Despite tremendous efforts in ischemic stroke research and significant improvements in patient care within the last decade, therapy is still insufficient. There is a compelling, urgent need for safe and effective neuroprotective strategies to limit brain injury, facilitate brain repair, and improve functional outcome. Recently, we reported that docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6, n-3) complexed to human albumin (DHA-Alb) is highly neuroprotective after temporary middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAo) in young rats. This review highlights the potency of DHA-Alb therapy in permanent MCAo and aged rats and whether protection persists with chronic survival. We discovered that a novel therapy with DHA-Alb improved behavioral outcomes accompanied by attenuation of lesion volumes even when animals were allowed to survive three weeks after experimental stroke. This treatment might provide the basis for future therapeutics for patients suffering from ischemic stroke.
Fish Oil, Plasma n-3 PUFAs, and Risk of Macro- and Microvascular Complications Among Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes; Objective To evaluate associations of fish oil supplementation and plasma omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) with risks of macrovascular and microvascular complications among people with type 2 diabetes and to further explore the potential mediating role of metabolism-related biomarkers.Research Design and Methods This study included 20 338 participants with type 2 diabetes from the UK Biobank. Diabetic complications were identified through hospital inpatient records.Results During 13.2 years of follow-up, 5396 people developed macrovascular complications, and 4868 people developed microvascular complications. After multivariable adjustment, hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for patients with fish oil were 0.90 (0.85, 0.97) for composite macrovascular complications, 0.91 (0.84, 0.98) for coronary heart disease (CHD), 0.72 (0.61, 0.83) for peripheral artery disease and 0.89 (0.83, 0.95) for composite microvascular complications, 0.87 (0.79, 0.95) for diabetic kidney disease, and 0.88 (0.80, 0.97) for diabetic retinopathy. In addition, higher n-3 PUFA levels, especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), were associated with lower risks of macrovascular and microvascular complications. Comparing extreme quartiles of plasma DHA, the HRs (95% CIs) were 0.68 (0.57, 0.81) for composite macrovascular complications, 0.63 (0.51, 0.77) for CHD, and 0.59 (0.38, 0.91) for diabetic neuropathy. Moreover, biomarkers including lipid profile and inflammatory markers collectively explained 54.4% and 63.1% of associations of plasma DHA with risks of composite macrovascular complications and CHD.Conclusion Habitual use of fish oil supplementation and higher plasma n-3 PUFA levels, especially DHA, were associated with lower risks of macrovascular and microvascular complications among individuals with type 2 diabetes, and the favorable associations were partially mediated through improving biomarkers of lipid profile and inflammation.
Cardioprotection by omega-3 fatty acids: Involvement of PKCs?; It has been known since the 1970s that an increased consumption of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid has cardioprotective effects. Epidemiological studies have reported that this effect is due to the prevention of the arrhythmias responsible for sudden cardiac death. Mechanistically, different hypotheses have been put forward to give an explanation. Among them, there are a direct effect of the polyunsaturated fatty acids on ion channels and/or a modification of the regulation of ion channels by protein kinase C's. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumption of an oil composed of medium chain triacyglycerols, phytosterols, and n-3 fatty acids improves cardiovascular risk profile in overweight women; Medium chain triacylglycerols (MCT) have been suggested as efficacious in weight management because they possess greater thermogenic qualities relative to long chain triacylglycerols; however, MCT may also increase cilrculating lipid concentrations, possibly increasing risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The present objective was to examine the effect of a diet supplemented with a functional oil (FctO) composed of energy expenditure-enhancing MCT (50% of fat), cholesterol lowering phytosterols (22 mg/kg body weight), and triacylglycerol-suppressing n-3 fatty acids (5% of fat), versus a beef tallow-based diet (BT), on plasma lipid and aminothiol concentrations. In a randomized, single-blind, crossover design, partially-inpatient trial, 17 overweight women consumed each oil as part of a controlled, supervised, targeted energy balance diet for 27 days, with 4 or 8 weeks of washout between phases. Mean plasma total cholesterol concentration was lower (P < .0001), by 9.1%, on FctO (4.37 +/- 0.20 mmol/L) versus BT (4.80 +/- 0.20 mmol/L). Mean plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was also lower (P < .0001) following FctO (2.39 +/- 0.15 mmol/L) versus BT (2.86 +/- 0.16 mmol/L), representing a 16.0% difference between diets. High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and circulating triacylglycerol concentrations remained unaffected by treatment. Ratios of HDL:LDL and HDL:total cholesterol were higher (P < .01) by 22.0% and 11.0%, respectively, on FctO versus BT. Plasma total homocysteine remained unchanged with FctO, but decreased (P < .05) with control, hence higher (P < .05) end points were observed with FctO (6.95 +/- 0.33 mumol/L) versus BT (6.27 +/- 0.28 mumol/L). Plasma glutathione increased (P < .05) by 0.44 mumol/L with FctO supplementation. In conclusion, despite equivocal effects on homocysteine levels, consumption of a functional oil composed of MCT, phytosterols, and n-3 fatty acids for 27 days improves the overall cardiovascular risk profile of overweight women. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved
Effects of n-3 Fatty Acids Supplementation on Plasma Phospholipids Fatty Acid Composition in Patients with Obstructive Jaundice- a Pilot Study; Nutritional and immunological status of patients with obstructive jaundice is usually severely altered, with high mortality rates. The n-3 polyunsaturate fatty acids (PUFA), particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3), posess potent immunomodulatory activities. Thus, our aim was to compare the plasma phospholipid fatty acid (FA) composition of these patients with healthy subjects, as well as before and after 7 days preoperative supplementation with high doses of EPA (0.9 g per day) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3, 0.6 g per day). We found impaired FA status in obstructive jaundice patients, especially EPA, DHA and PUFA, but significantly increased content of total n-3 FA, 22:5 n-3 FA and particularly EPA, which increased more than 3 fold, after 7 days supplementation. In addition, the n6/n3 ratio significantly decreased from 14.24 to 10.24, demonstrating severely improved plasma phospholipid profile in these patients after the intervention.
The FDA's new advice on fish: it's complicated; The Food and Drug Administration and Environmental Protection Agency recently issued an updated draft of advice on fish consumption for pregnant and breastfeeding women, after survey data indicated that the majority of pregnant women do not eat much fish and thus may have inadequate intake of the omega 3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and ducosahexaenoic acid [DHA]. Omega 3 fatty acids are essential components of membranes in all cells of the body and are vitally important for normal development of the brain and retinal tissues (especially myelin and retinal photoreceptors) and for maintenance of normal neurotransmission and connectivity. They also serve as substrates for the synthesis of a variety of antiinflammatory and inflammation-resolving mediators, favorably alter the production of thromboxane and prostaglandin E2, and improve cardiovascular health by preventing fatal arrhythmias and reducing triglyceride and C-reactive protein levels. Maternal ingestion of adequate quantities of fish (defined in many studies as at least 340 g of oily fish each week) has been associated with better childhood IQ scores, fine motor coordination, and communication and social skills, along with other benefits. Although the FDA did not clarify which fish to eat, it specifically advised against eating fish with the highest mercury levels and implied that fish with high levels of EPA and DHA and low levels of mercury are ideal. The FDA draft did not recommend taking omega 3 fatty acid or fish oil supplements instead of eating fish, which is advice that may reflect the fact that randomized controlled trials of DHA and EPA or fish oil supplementation generally have been disappointing and that the ideal daily dose of DHA and EPA is unknown. It seems safe to conclude that pregnant and nursing women should be advised to eat fish to benefit from naturally occurring omega 3 fatty acids, to avoid fish with high levels of mercury and other contaminants, and, if possible, to choose fish with high levels of EPA and DHA.
Male cardiovascular mortality and dietary markers in 25 population samples of 16 countries; Objective To examine associations between various dietary markers and mortality from ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke.
The Role of Adiponectin in Cardiometabolic Diseases: Effects of Nutritional Interventions; Adiponectin is an adipocyte-derived hormone abundantly present in plasma that exerts its effects through the activation of 3 receptors. Its concentrations are negatively regulated by the accumulation of visceral fat, and clinical studies implicate hypoadiponectinemia in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus type 2, coronary artery disease, hypertension, and left ventricular hypertrophy, In contrast, high concentrations of adiponectin are associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease, with an improvement in the differentiation of preadipocytes into adipocytes, and with increased endothelial nitric oxide production. Therefore, adiponectin appears to be an important molecule involved in limiting the pathogenesis of obesity -linked disorders, and it may have potential benefits in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular disease. Caloric restriction, moderate alcohol consumption, and consuming a Mediterranean diet increase adiponectin concentrations, and current evidence suggests a positive, dose-dependent relation between omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid intake and circulating concentrations of adiponectin. Recently, it was reported that the administration of aged garlic extract and a single food intervention with pistachios can increase adiponectin concentrations in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the Mediterranean diet is associated with higher adiponectin concentrations. Additional studies are needed to evaluate the potential benefits of increasing adiponectin by nutritional interventions in the treatment and prevention of cardiometabolic diseases.
ON LINOLENIC ACID INTAKE IN SWEDEN 1945-1963; Because of recent interest in the relationship between linolenic acid deficiency and atherosclerotic heart disease, the Swedish consumption of linolenic acid during the period 1945-1963 was calculated. Swedish intake is higher than the Norwegian. No immediate relationship between cardiovascular mortality and linolenic acid intake has been traced.
<i>Post</i>-<i>mortem</i> storage conditions and cooking methods affect long-chain omega-3 fatty acid content in Atlantic mackerel (<i>Scomber scombrus</i>); Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acids (DHA) are health beneficial lipids found in high concentration in pelagic fishes, including Atlantic mackerel. While EPA and DHA are sensitive to oxidation during fish storage and processing, post-mortem degradation in the first hours following fish death is poorly documented. Here, we stored fish at two temperatures (2-4 degrees C and 18-20 degrees C) and monitored EPA + DHA content in dorsal fillet 6, 12 and 24 h after fish death and after cooking (grill or steam). Storage duration was the only influencing factor, and EPA + DHA loss was faster at 18-20 degrees C. Six hours after fish death, EPA + DHA content decreased by 1.3 +/- 1.3 mg.g 1 dw (9.6 +/- 9.5% of the initial content) but it was highly variable among individuals. Handling between fishing and storage should be as short and as cool as possible to preserve EPA + DHA and food safety. Regarding cooking, EPA + DHA and mono-unsaturated fatty acids increased in grilled fillets.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Beneficial Effects of a Specially Designed Home Meal Replacement on Cardiometabolic Parameters in Individuals with Obesity: Preliminary Results of a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; We aimed to investigate if a home meal replacement (HMR), designed with a low omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio, improves cardiometabolic parameters, including metabolic syndrome (MetS) in obese individuals. We conducted a monocentric, controlled, randomized crossover trial. The HMR contains higher protein and fat content, lower carbohydrate content, and a lower omega 6FA/omega 3FA ratio than the regular diet. Sixty-four participants were randomized into two groups and switched to the other group following a 4-week intervention. While subjects in the HMR group were provided three HMRs daily, those in the control group were requested to maintain their regular dietary pattern. We conducted paired t-tests, repeated measures analysis of variance, and McNemar tests before and after the intervention. Body mass index (BMI) and weight were lower in the HMR group after adjusting for age, sex, and total energy intake and significantly changed in the between-group differences. The waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, triglyceride-glucose index, and triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio were reduced in the HMR group (all p < 0.05). The percentage of subjects with MetS significantly decreased from 39.1% at baseline to 28.1% post-intervention (p = 0.035). Using the HMR for 4 weeks reduced the BMI, weight, and MetS prevalence in individuals with obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04552574).
The association of serum long-chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA and hair mercury with exercise cardiac power in men; Long-chain n-3 PUFA from fish and exercise capacity are associated with CVD risk. Fish, especially large and old predatory fish, may contain Hg, which may attenuate the inverse association of long-chain n-3 PUFA with CVD. However, the associations of long-chain n-3 PUFA or Hg exposure with exercise capacity are not well known. We aimed to evaluate the associations of serum long-chain n-3 PUFA EPA, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) and DHA and hair Hg with exercise cardiac power (ECP, a ratio of VO2max:maximal systolic blood pressure (SBP) during an exercise test), a measure for exercise capacity. For this, data from the population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study were analysed cross-sectionally in order to determine the associations between serum long-chain n-3 PUFA, hair Hg and ECP in 1672 men without CVD, aged 42-60 years. After multivariate adjustments, serum total long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration was associated with higher ECP and VO2max (P-trend across quartiles = 0.04 and P-trend = 0.02, respectively), but not with maximal SBP (P-trend = 0.69). Associations were generally similar when EPA, DPA and DHA were evaluated individually. Hair Hg was not associated with ECP, VO2max or maximal SBP. However, the associations of total long-chain n-3 PUFA (P-interaction = 0.03) and EPA (P-interaction = 0.02) with higher VO2max were stronger among men with lower hair Hg. Higher serum long-chain n-3 PUFA concentration, mainly a marker for fish consumption in this study population, was associated with higher ECP and VO2max in middle-aged men from eastern Finland.
Maternal use of a diet rich omega-3 from flaxseed improves aortic remodeling but not the biochemical parameters of female offspring of diabetic rats; The aim of this paper was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and flaxseed oil on biochemical parameters and aortic morphology of the offspring of type 2 diabetic rats. Rats were induced into diabetes by a high fat diet and streptozotocin (STZ) (35mg/kg). After confirming the diagnosis of diabetes, they were mated and, when gestation was confirmed, were divided into four groups: control group (CG), high fat group (HFG), flaxseed oil group (FOG), and flaxseed flour group (FFG). After weaning, six females from each group were separated and were fed a commercial diet until 100 days of age, when they were sacrificed. It was observed that experimental diets did not affect monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1) concentration, cholesterol, triglycerides and VLDL. On the other hand, the concentration of VEGF was higher in HFG and FOG groups in comparison to CG. The thickness values of the aorta were significantly smaller in FOG and FFG, and the lumen area was the same among the CG, HFG, and FFG, while the FOG showed a smaller lumen area when compared to CG and HFG. The data here suggest that a diet rich in flaxseed flour and flaxseed oil reduces the remodeling of the aorta, even though it did not modify cardiovascular biochemical parameters. Practical applications: The results help explain how the use of omega-3 rich diet decreases the impact of gestational diabetes on cardiac risk of offspring.
Dietary oily fish intake reduces the risk of all-cause mortality in frequent fish consumers of Amerindian ancestry living in coastal Ecuador: the Atahualpa project; PurposeTo assess the relationship between dietary oily fish intake and all-cause mortality in a population of frequent fish consumers of Amerindian ancestry living in rural Ecuador.MethodsIndividuals aged >= 40 years enrolled in the prospective population-based Atahualpa Project cohort received annual questionnaires to estimate their dietary oily fish intake. Only fish served broiled or cooked in the soup were included for analysis. Poisson regression and Cox-proportional hazards models adjusted for demographics, education level and cardiovascular risk factors were obtained to estimate mortality risk according to the amount of oily fish intake stratified in tertiles.ResultsAnalysis included 909 individuals (mean age: 55.1 +/- 12.8 years) followed by a median of 7.5 +/- 3 years. Mean oily fish intake was 9.4 +/- 5.7 servings per week. A total of 142 (16%) individuals died during the follow-up. The mortality rate for individuals in the first tertile de oily fish intake (0.0-6.29 servings) was 2.87 per 100 person-years, which decreased to 1.78 for those in the third tertile (10.59-35.0 servings). An adjusted Cox-proportional hazards model showed that individuals allocated to the second (HR 0.61; 95% CI 0.41-0.92) and third (HR 0.60; 95% CI 0.40-0.91) tertiles of dietary oily fish intake had significantly lower mortality risk than those in the first tertile.ConclusionSustained oily fish intake of more than six servings per week reduces mortality risk in middle-aged and older adults of Amerindian ancestry.
CELLULAR-DISTRIBUTION OF OMEGA-3 (PERIPHERAL TYPE BENZODIAZEPINE) BINDING-SITES IN THE NORMAL AND ISCHEMIC RAT-BRAIN - AN AUTORADIOGRAPHIC STUDY WITH THE PHOTOAFFINITY LIGAND [H-3] PK-14105; The microscopic distribution of .LAMBDA.3 (peripheral type benzodiazepine) binding sites in sections from normal and ischaemic rat brain has been determined by emulsion autoradiography with the photoaffinity ligand [3H]HP 14105. In the normal rat brain, high densities of .OMEGA.3 sites were present in the ependymal cells, the apical pole of the secretory cells in the choroid plexus and astrocyte-like cells in the outer cellular layer of the olfactory bulb. In ischaemic brain lesions caused by middle cerebral artery occlusion in spontaneously hypertensive rats or in spontaneous ischaemic and haemorrhagic lesions in spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats, the proliferating .OMEGA.3 sites were associated with reactive glial cells and macrophages.
Unmet Need for Adjunctive Dyslipidemia Therapy in Hypertriglyceridemia Management; Despite the important role of high-intensity statins in reducing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease events in secondary and primary prevention, substantial residual risk persists, particularly among high-risk patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and obesity. Considerable attention is currently directed to the role that elevated triglycerides (TGs) and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels play as important mediators of residual atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk, which is further strongly supported by genetic linkage studies. Previous trials with fibrates, niacin, and most cholesterol ester transfer protein inhibitors that targeted high-density lipoprotein cholesterol raising, and/or TG lowering, have failed to show conclusive evidence of incremental event reduction after low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were "optimally controlled" with statins. Although omega-3 fatty acids are efficacious in lowering TG levels and may have pleiotropic effects such as reducing plaque instability and proinflammatory mediators of atherogenesis, clinical outcomes data are currently lacking. Several ongoing randomized controlled trials of TG-lowering strategies with an optimal dosage of omega-3 fatty acids are nearing completion. (C) 2018 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
CORONARY THROMBOSIS - ITS MECHANISM AND POSSIBLE PREVENTION BY LINOLENIC ACID; The problem of preventing clinical coronary disease includes not only the prevention of the atheroma and its progression but also protection against thrombosis. Thrombosis is initiated by intimal damage followed by platelet adhesion, aggregation and viscous metamorphosis, resulting in a white platelet thrombus. Red coagulation thrombi follow secondarily. It is mainly the red coagulation thrombus which can be blocked therapeutically by anticoagulants. This limits the efficiency of such therapy, and, there has been a search for means of also regarding the formation of the white platelet thrombus. Platelet adhesion-aggregation is triggered by adenosine diphosphate and depends on a.o., a plasma factor which is lacking in von Willebrand''s disease and which may be called the anti-Willebrand factor (anti-bleeding factor). Coronary heart disease, like diabetes, familial hypercholesterolemia, the post-operative state, etc., is associated with an increased adhesion-aggregation tendency of the blood platelets which is caused by an increased activity of the anti-Willebrand factor. There is corollary evidence for assuming that an increased adhesion aggregation tendency of the blood platelets increases the tendency to thrombosis. The increased adhesion-aggregation tendency of the platelets can be reduced to normal by ingestion of linolenic acid. Linoleic acid and the pen-taenoic and hexaenoic unsaturated fatty acids are without effect. Normal adhesion-aggregation tendency (and normal activity of the anti-Willebrand factor) may be maintained for unlimited periods by a daily intake of about 10-15 ml of refined linseed oil. Rats on a saturated fat diet which is deficient in linolenic acid develop increased adhesion-aggregation tendency and an increased incidence of experimental thrombosis in the jugular vein. Supplements of linseed oil reduces adhesiveness and incidence of thrombosis to the same level as observed on a standard normal diet. Calculations based on dietary studies in Norway from 1912 to 1958 have revealed a striking negative correlation between the content of linolenic acid in the fat consumed and the mortality of cardiovascular diseases. The comparison of a rural district in Norway with low mortality from cardiovascular diseases with Oslo showed an association between a higher content of linolenic acid in the fat consumed, a lower activity of the anti-Willebrand factor (as measured by a lower platelet adhesion-aggregation tendency) and a lower mortality of cardiovascular diseases. These studies are consistent with the view that an increased tendency to thrombosis and coronary heart disease in certain population groups may be directly or indirectly related to a relative deficiency of linolenic acid. A possible prophylactic and therapeutic effect of increasing the linolenic acid content of the fat consumed must be determined by controlled clinical trials.
Effects of altering the ratio of dietary n-6 to n-3 fatty acids on insulin sensitivity, lipoprotein size, and postprandial lipemia in men and postmenopausal women aged 45-70 y: the OPTILIP Study; Background: Insulin resistance is associated with elevated plasma triacylglycerol, low HDL concentrations, elevated postprandial lipemia, and a predominance of small, dense LDLs (sdLDLs). It has been hypothesized that the dietary ratio of n-6 to n-3 (n-6:n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may have favorable effects on these risk factors by increasing insulin sensitivity.
Walnut supplementation after fructose-rich diet is associated with a beneficial fatty acid ratio and increased ACE2 expression in the rat heart; Increased fructose consumption has been linked with chronic inflammation and metabolic syndrome (MetS). Activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and NF-kappa B have been detected in MetS. Walnuts are a rich source of polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) that were suggested to exert anti-inflammatory effects related to cardio-metabolic health. We hypothesized that walnut supplementation has the capacity to revert unfavorable fructose-rich diet (FRD)-induced activation of cardiac RAS and NF-kappa B in male rats. Due to the lack of similar studies, we investigated the effects of walnut supplementation (6 weeks) on the expression of four RAS molecules (ACE, ACE2, AT1R, and AT2R) and NF-kappa B in rat heart after FRD (10% w/v, 9 weeks). In addition, we followed the changes in the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in the total pool of heart lipids after both treatments to elucidate the walnut effects on fatty acids in the heart. 36 animals (9 per group) participated in the experiment. FRD significantly increased the ACE protein level in the heart (p < 0.001). Walnut supplementation significantly increased the ACE2 protein level in the heart of FRD (p < 0.001). In addition, walnut supplementation showed a significant main effect on the arachidonic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid ratio (p = 0.004). Walnut supplementation significantly reduced this ratio, in comparison with both, the control group (C vs. FW, p < 0.05) and the FRD group (F vs. FW, p < 0.05). However, walnut treatment failed to revert the significant effect of fructose (p < 0.001) on the elevation of NF-kappa B protein level. Our results suggest a beneficial effect of walnut supplementation on ACE2 protein level and n-6/n-3 PUFA level in the heart of the animal model of MetS. Such results highlight the approach of omega-3-rich walnut supplementation in the stimulation of endogenous production of favorable molecules in the heart which could be an affordable nutritional treatment formaintenance of cardio-metabolic health.
Planning primary prevention of coronary disease; Effective prevention of the current annual $400 billion losses from atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (CVD) will require preventing primary causes rather than just decreasing signs and symptoms (risk factors) produced by those causes. All CVD risk factors predict a likelihood of CVD, but not all are causes of CVD. As a result, reducing some health risk assessment biomarkers may not appreciably reduce CVD and death. Careful review of molecular events connecting diets to death identifies two modifiable food imbalances that cause major chronic diseases in Americans. They are 1) imbalance between ingestion and expenditure of food energy, and 2) imbalance between omega-3 and omega-6 essential fatty acid levels in ingested foods. Health insurers could reduce costs and revolutionize preventive health care by monitoring omega-3 and omega-6 proportions in blood fatty acids and by using personalized interactive food choice software to adjust food intakes to fit individual preferences.
Fatty acids determination in red blood cells: Comparison between reference values and data obtained in a population of acute myocardial infarction patients; The aim of our study was to compare reference values for these fatty acids (FA) with data obtained in a population of acute myocardial infarction patients. We performed the quantification of different FA by gas chromatography associated with flame ionization detector. FA determination is a new tool we are able to use and to process in our laboratory, which can help the clinician to screen patients with the highest cardiovascular risks because of the implication of FA in the etiopathogeny of atherosclerosis. (C) 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Knowledge, Perceptions, and Patterns of Fish Oil Use in Cardiac Patients; Background:
The acute and short-time effect of supplementation with the combination of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and acetylsalicylic acid on platelet function and plasma lipids; Antiplatelet therapy with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) is commonly used to reduce the risk of cardio- and cerebrovascular events. Fish consumption has been inversely related to coronary disease, which has been partly attributed to an inhibitory effect of n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n - 3 PLEA) on platelet production of tromboxane A(2). In this study, we investigated the acute and short-time effect of supplementation with n - 3 PUFA and intravenous ASA on platelet function, platelet fatty acid composition and plasma lipids. Eighteen healthy men were randomly allocated to a daily intake of 10 g n - 3 PUFA or placebo. After this supplement (14 h and 14 days), blood was sampled before and after intravenous injection of 100 mg ASA. n - 3 PUFA given for 14 days caused a minor inhibition of platelet reactivity but negligible compared to 100 mg ASA. No additive effect of n - 3 PUFA and ASA Could be demonstrated. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular prevention and rehabilitation; The distinction between primary and secondary prevention has been abandoned in favor of cardiovascular prevention, mandating individual risk assessment. First, the individual cardiovascular risk of a person is determined by index diseases like myocardial infarction, peripheral arterial disease or other, or, if absent, by a score consisting of a number of conventional risk factors. According to current guidelines, cardiovascular prevention is indicated, as soon as the risk for fatal cardiovascular disease is greater than or equal to5%, equivalent to a risk for a major cardiovascular event of greater than or equal to20%. Non-pharmaceutical approaches are: Refraining from smoking, mediterranean diet with fatty fish, physical activity and normal body weight. Blood pressure and diabetes mellitus are optimized. In addition, the following agents are used: platelet inhibitors, beta-blockers, ACE-inhibitors, statins and omega-3 fatty acids. A number of structural problems add to individual factors impeding optimal implementation of cardiovascular prevention in Germany.
N-3 Fatty Acid Rich Triglyceride Emulsions Are Neuroprotective after Cerebral Hypoxic-Ischemic Injury in Neonatal Mice; We questioned if acute administration of n-3 fatty acids (FA) carried in n-3 rich triglyceride (TG) emulsions provides neuroprotection in neonatal mice subjected to hypoxic-ischemic (H/I) brain injury. We examined specificity of FA, optimal doses, and therapeutic windows for neuroprotection after H/I. H/I insult was induced in C57BL/6J 10-day-old mice by right carotid artery ligation followed by exposure to 8% O-2 for 15 minutes at 37 degrees C. Intraperitoneal injection with n-3-rich TG emulsions, n-6 rich TG emulsions or saline for control was administered at different time points before and/or after H/I. In separate experiments, dose responses were determined with TG containing only docosahexaenoic acid (Tri-DHA) or eicosapentaenoic acid (Tri-EPA) with a range of 0.1-0.375 g n-3 TG/kg, administered immediately after H/I insult. Infarct volume and cerebral blood flow (CBF) were measured. Treatment with n-3 TG emulsions both before-and after-H/I significantly reduced total infarct volume by a mean of 43% when administered 90 min prior to H/I and by 47% when administered immediately after H/I. In post-H/I experiments Tri-DHA, but not Tri-EPA exhibited neuroprotective effects with both low and high doses (p<0.05). Moreover, delayed post-H/I treatment with Tri-DHA significantly decreased total infarct volume by a mean of 51% when administered at 0 hr, by 46% at 1 hr, and by 51% at 2 hr after H/I insult. No protective effect occurred with Tri-DHA injection at 4 hr after H/I. There were no n-3 TG related differences in CBF. A significant reduction in brain tissue death was maintained after Tri-DHA injection at 8 wk after the initial brain injury. Thus, n-3 TG, specifically containing DHA, is protective against H/I induced brain infarction when administered up to 2 hr after H/I injury. Acute administration of TG-rich DHA may prove effective for treatment of stroke in humans.
HIGHLY PURIFIED EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID ATTENUATES TISSUE-DAMAGE IN EXPERIMENTAL MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; We examined the effects of dietary supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on experimental myocardial infarction in dogs. Twenty-five dogs were fed standard diets, 10 of which were supplemented with EPA-ester (100 mg/kg body weight/day) for 8 weeks, while 15 served as controls. After ingesting EPA for 8 weeks, the ratio of EPA to arachidonic acid (AA) in platelet cell membranes significantly increased (from 0.033 to 0.105; p<0.01).  The chemotactic response of neutrophils to leukotriene B4 (LTB4) was reduced in the EPA group (34% reduction at 10(-6) M LTB4, p<0.01). Also in the EPA group, the amount of 12-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid, one of the chemotactic products of AA in infarcted myocardium, was reduced to 40% (p<0.05). EPA treatment resulted in significant reduction in the ultimate size of the infarcted area. Contractile function of infarcted myocardium was well-preserved in the EPA group. Myeloperoxidase activity, an indication of the infiltration of neutrophils into the infarcted myocardium, was less in the EPA group than in the controls (0.68+/-0.25 U/0.1 gr. vs 1.22+/-0.55 U/0.1 gr., p<0.05). Therefore, we conclude that dietary supplementation with EPA attenuates ischemic myocardial damage through inhibition of neutrophilic infiltration into the infarcted myocardium.
Procoagulant activity and cytokine expression in whole blood cultures from patients with atherosclerosis supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids; Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) may reduce atherogenesis and thrombosis. We investigated the effects of n-3 FAs on procoagulant activity and cytokine expression in whole blood cultures from patients with atherosclerosis, Eleven of the 23 included patients had received 5.1 g n-3 FA daily for 6 months (group I) whereas 12 patients had been on placebo (group II). All patients were then given 5.1g n-3 FA daily for another 4 weeks.
Kidney function and specific mortality in 60-80 years old post-myocardial infarction patients: A 10-year follow-up study; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is highly prevalent among older post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients. It is not known whether CKD is an independent risk factor for mortality in older post-MI patients with optimal cardiovascular drug-treatment. Therefore, we studied the relation between kidney function and all-cause and specific mortality among older post-MI patients, without severe heart failure, who are treated with state-of-the-art pharmacotherapy. From 2002-2006, 4,561 Dutch post-MI patients were enrolled and followed until death or January 2012. We estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) with cystatin C (cysC) and creatinine (cr) using the CKD-EPI equations and analyzed the relation with any and major causes of death using Cox models and restricted cubic splines. Mean (SD) for age was 69 years (5.6), 79% were men, 17% smoked, 21% had diabetes, 90% used antihypertensive drugs, 98% used antithrombotic drugs and 85% used statins. Patients were divided into four categories of baseline eGFR(cysC): >= 90 (33%; reference), 60-89 (47%), 30-59 (18%), and < 30 (2%) ml/min/1.73m(2). Median follow-up was 6.4 years. During follow-up, 873 (19%) patients died: 370 (42%) from cardiovascular causes, 309 (35%) from cancer, and 194 (22%) from other causes. After adjustment for age, sex and classic cardiovascular risk factor, hazard ratios (95%-confidence intervals) for any death according to the four eGFRcysC categories were: 1 (reference), 1.4 (1.1-1.7), 2.9 (2.3-3.6) and 4.4 (3.0-6.4). The hazard ratios of all-cause and cause-specific mortality increased linearly below kidney functions of 80 ml/min/1.73 m(2). Weaker results were obtained for eGFR(cr). To conclude, we found in optimal cardiovascular drug-treated post-MI patients an inverse graded relation between kidney function and mortality for both cardiovascular as well as non-cardiovascular causes. Risk of mortality increased linearly below kidney function of about 80 ml/min/1.73 m(2)
Marine n-3 fatty acids are incorporated into atrial tissue but do not correlate with postoperative atrial fibrillation in cardiac surgery; Objectives: Postoperative new-onset atrial fibrillation (POAF) in cardiac surgery is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Because n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) have an antiarrhythmic effect, we hypothesized that a high content of marine n-3 PUFA in the atrial wall was associated with a reduced risk of POAF.
Evaluation of erythrocyte membrane fatty-acid compositions in association with interleukin-6 levels in patients with COVID-19; Objective: The cytokine storm presented in the hyperimmune response is related to poor prognosis in people with COVID-19. Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is one of the most prominent cytokines, especially on mucosal surfaces during infection, causing the cytokine storm. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are the precursors of eicosanoids, which play critical roles in immune regulation and inflammation. The balance between omega-3 and omega-6 levels in the cell membrane has a critical role in regulating the equilibrium between proinflammatory and antiinflammatory processes and inducing IL-6 production. The present study focused on inflammatory and antiinflammatory mechanisms in COVID-19 over PUFAs and on relating their levelswith disease prognosis and severity.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on periprocedural myocardial infarction after elective percutaneous coronary intervention; Aims: The aim of this study was to address the association of lipid profiles with periprocedural myocardial infarction (pMI) after elective percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI).
Fish Oil and Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation The Omega-3 Fatty Acids for Prevention of Post-operative Atrial Fibrillation (OPERA) Randomized Trial; Context Postoperative atrial fibrillation or flutter (AF) is one of the most common complications of cardiac surgery and significantly increases morbidity and health care utilization. A few small trials have evaluated whether long-chain n-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) reduce postoperative AF, with mixed results.
Spotlight on Icosapent Ethyl for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction: Evidence to Date; Icosapent ethyl is a highly purified formulation of eicosapentaenoic acid, a type of omega-3 fatty acid contained in fish oil. While omega-3 fatty acids have long been thought to have cardioprotective benefits, the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with EPA-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) has helped to establish icosapent ethyl as an evidence-based therapy for risk reduction of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). REDUCE-IT, however, was by no means an overnight success story. Close examination of the evidence shows that the trial was a culmination of many lessons learned from previous studies. The purpose of this manuscript is to review contemporary evidence of icosapent ethyl in ASCVD risk reduction and the clinical implication of this promising therapy.
Effects of Hypoxia and Bed Rest on Markers of Cardiometabolic Risk: Compensatory Changes in Circulating TRAIL and Glutathione Redox Capacity; In chronic diseases, hypoxia and physical inactivity are associated with atherosclerosis progression. In contrast, a lower mortality from coronary artery disease and stroke is observed in healthy humans residing at high altitude in hypoxic environments. Eleven young, male volunteers completed the following 10-day campaigns in a randomized order: hypoxic ambulatory, hypoxic bed rest and normoxic bed rest. Before intervention, subjects were evaluated in normoxic ambulatory condition. Normobaric hypoxia was achieved in a hypoxic facility simulating 4000 m of altitude. Following hypoxia, either in bed rest or ambulatory condition, markers of cardiometabolic risk shifted toward a more atherogenic pattern consisting of: (a) lower levels of total HDL cholesterol and HDL2 sub-fraction and decreased hepatic lipase; (b) activation of systemic inflammation, as determined by C-reactive protein and serum amyloid A; (c) increased plasma homocysteine; (d) decreased delta-5 desaturase index in cell membrane fatty acids, a marker of insulin sensitivity. Bed rest and hypoxia additively decreased total HDL and delta-5 desaturase index. In parallel to the pro-atherogenic effects, hypoxia activated selected anti-atherogenic pathways, consisting of increased circulating TNF-related apoptosis-inducmg ligand (TRAIL), a protective factor against atherosclerosis, membrane omega-3 index and erythrocyte glutathione availability. Hypoxia mediated changes in TRAIL concentrations and redox glutathione capacity (i.e., GSH/GSSG ratio) were greater in ambulatory conditions (+34 +/- 6% and +87 +/- 31 %, respectively) than in bed rest (+17 +/- 7% and +2 +/- 27% respectively). Hypoxia-induced cardiometabolic risk is blunted by moderate level of physical activity as compared to bed rest. TRAIL and glutathione redox capacity may contribute to the positive interaction between physical activity and hypoxia.
Fatty acid percentage in erythrocyte membranes of atrial flutter/fibrillation patients and controls; Purpose Several epidemiological published data support the protective role of omega-3 consumption in coronary artery disease, sudden cardiac death and ventricular arrhythmias, but interestingly, this is not the case for atrial arrhythmias. The purpose of this study is to evaluate different fatty acid profile between AF/AFL subjects and healthy controls.
Red Blood Cell Eicosapentaenoic Acid Inversely Relates to MRI-Assessed Carotid Plaque Lipid Core Burden in Elders at High Cardiovascular Risk; Supplemental marine omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) has an anti-atherosclerotic effect. Clinical research on EPA supplied by the regular diet and atherosclerosis is scarce. In the framework of the PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea (PREDIMED) trial, we conducted a cross-sectional study in 161 older individuals at high vascular risk grouped into different stages of carotid atherosclerosis severity, including those without ultrasound-detected atheroma plaque (n = 38), with plaques <2.0 mm thick (n = 65), and with plaques >= 2.0 mm (n = 79). The latter were asked to undergo contrast-enhanced 3T magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and were subsequently grouped into absence (n = 31) or presence (n = 27) of MRI-detectable plaque lipid, a main feature of unstable atheroma plaques. We determined the red blood cell (RBC) proportion of EPA (a valid marker of long-term EPA intake) at enrolment by gas chromatography. In multivariate models, EPA related inversely to MRI-assessed plaque lipid volume, but not to maximum intima-media thickness of internal carotid artery, plaque burden, or MRI-assessed normalized wall index. The inverse association between EPA and plaque lipid content in patients with advanced atherosclerosis supports the notion that this fatty acid might improve cardiovascular health through stabilization of advanced atheroma plaques.
Randomized study of the safety and efficacy of fish oil (omega-3 fatty acid) supplementation with dietary and exercise counseling for the treatment of antiretroviral therapy-associated hypertriglyceridemia; Background. Omega- 3 fatty acids ( fish oils) reduce fasting serum triglyceride levels and cardiovascular disease risk in individuals without HIV infection. Whether omega-3 fatty acid supplementation can reduce hypertrigly-ceridemia associated with antiretroviral therapy is not known.
Stearoyl-CoA desaturase indexes and n-6/n-3 fatty acids ratio as biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk factors in normal-weight rabbits fed high fat diets; Background: Biomarkers for cardiometabolic risk (CMR) factors would be important tools to maximize the effectiveness of dietary interventions to prevent cardiovascular diseases. Thus, the aim of this work was to analyze stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) indexes and n-6/n-3 fatty acids (FA) ratio as biomarkers of CMR induced by feeding rabbits on high fat diets (HFDs).
Could Antioxidant Supplementation Delay Progression of Cardiovascular Disease in End-Stage Renal Disease Patients?; In end-stage renal disease patients, the leading causes of mortality are of cardiovascular (CV) origin. The underlying mechanisms are complex, given that sudden heart failure is more common than acute myocardial infarction. A contributing role of oxidative stress is postulated, which is increased even at early stages of chronic kidney disease, is gradually augmented in parallel to progression to end-stage renal disease and is further accelerated by renal replacement therapy. Oxidative stress ensues when there is an imbalance between reactive pro-oxidants and physiologically occurring electron donating antioxidant defence systems. During the last decade, a close association of oxidative stress with accelerated atherosclerosis and increased risk for CV and all-cause mortality has been established. Lipid peroxidation has been identified as a trigger for endothelial dysfunction, the first step towards atherogenesis. In order to counteract the deleterious effects of free radicals and thereby ameliorate, or delay, CV disease, exogenous administration of antioxidants has been proposed. Here, we attempt to summarize existing data from studies that test antioxidants for CV protection, such as vitamins E and C, statins, omega-3 fatty acids and N-acetylcysteine.
Dietary pattern and health-related quality of life among breast cancer survivors; Background: There is limited evidence for the association between dietary pattern and quality of life among breast cancer survivors. We examined the association between dietary patterns and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) among Korean breast cancer survivors.
Predicted Changes in Fatty Acid Intakes, Plasma Lipids, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Following Replacement of <i>trans</i> Fatty Acid-Containing Soybean Oil with Application-Appropriate Alternatives; The varied functional requirements satisfied by trans fatty acid (TFA)-containing oils constrains the selection of alternative fats and oils for use as potential replacements in specific food applications. We aimed to model the effects of replacing TFA-containing partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSBO) with application-appropriate alternatives on population fatty acid intakes, plasma lipids, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Using the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 24-hour dietary recalls for 1999-2002, we selected 25 food categories, accounting for 86 % of soybean oil (SBO) and 79 % of TFA intake for replacement modeling. Before modeling, those in the middle quintile had a mean PHSBO TFA intake of 1.2 % of energy. PHSBO replacement in applications requiring thermal stability by either low-linolenic acid SBO or mid-oleic, low-linolenic acid SBO decreased TFA intake by 0.3 % of energy and predicted CVD risk by 0.7-0.8 %. PHSBO replacement in applications requiring functional properties with palm-based oils reduced TFA intake by 0.8 % of energy, increased palmitic acid intake by 1.0 % of energy, and reduced predicted CVD risk by 0.4 %, whereas replacement with fully hydrogenated interesterified SBO reduced TFA intake by 0.7 % of energy, increased stearic acid intake by 1.0 % of energy, and decreased predicted CVD risk by 1.2 %. PHSBO replacement in both thermal and functional applications reduced TFA intake by 1.0 % of energy and predicted CVD risk by 1.5 %. Based solely on changes in plasma lipids and lipoproteins, all PHSBO replacement models reduced estimated CVD risk, albeit less than previously reported using simpler replacement models.
Short-Term, High-Dose Fish Oil Supplementation Increases the Production of Omega-3 Fatty Acid-Derived Mediators in Patients With Peripheral Artery Disease (the OMEGA-PAD I Trial); Background-Patients with peripheral artery disease (PAD) experience significant morbidity and mortality. The OMEGA-PAD I Trial, a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial, addressed the hypothesis that short-duration, high-dose n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) oral supplementation improves endothelial function and inflammation in PAD.
Blood fatty acid changes in healthy young Americans in response to a 10-week diet that increased <i>n</i>-3 and reduced <i>n</i>-6 fatty acid consumption: a randomised controlled trial; Military personnel generally under-consume n-3 fatty acids and overconsume n-6 fatty acids. In a placebo-controlled, double-blinded study, we investigated whether a diet suitable for implementation in military dining facilities and civilian cafeterias could benefit n-3/n-6 fatty acid status of consumers. Three volunteer groups were provided different diets for 10 weeks. Control (CON) participants consumed meals from the US Military's Standard Garrison Dining Facility Menu. Experimental, moderate (EXP-Mod) and experimental-high (EXP-High) participants consumed the same meals, but high n-6 fatty acid and low n-3 fatty acid containing chicken, egg, oils and food ingredients were replaced with products having less n-6 fatty acids and more n-3 fatty acids. The EXP-High participants also consumed smoothies containing 1000 mg n-3 fatty acids per serving, whereas other participants received placebo smoothies. Plasma and erythrocyte EPA and DHA in CON group remained unchanged throughout, whereas EPA, DHA and Omega-3 Index increased in EXP-Mod and EXP-High groups, and were higher than in CON group after 5 weeks. After 10 weeks, Omega-3 Index in EXP-High group had increased further. No participants exhibited changes in fasting plasma TAG, total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, mood or emotional reactivity. Replacing high linoleic acid (LA) containing foods in dining facility menus with similar high oleic acid/low LA and high n-3 fatty acid foods can improve n-6/n-3 blood fatty acid status after 5 weeks. The diets were well accepted and suitable for implementation in group feeding settings like military dining facilities and civilian cafeterias.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Taoren Honghua Jian granule in patients with stable coronary artery disease; Introduction: Stable coronary artery disease (SCAD) is a common clinical style in patients with coronary artery disease. Inflammation and immune injury in SCAD have been proven. Current interventions can relieve patients' symptoms, but none are stable to improve the immune damage significantly. Chinese herb is used to treat stable angina pectoris as an alternative therapy. Taoren Honghua Jian granule (THJG) is a classical formula from which patients can benefit, but lack convincing evidence. Therefore, we report a protocol of high-quality randomized controlled trial.
Moderate fish-oil supplementation reverses low-platelet, long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid status and reduces plasma triacylglycerol concentrations in British Indo-Asians; Background: The mechanisms involved in the increased mortality from coronary artery disease in British Indo-Asians are not well understood.
THE TYPE OF DIETARY-FAT AFFECTS THE SEVERITY OF MYOCARDIAL LESIONS IN NZW X BXSB MICE; Whether dietary fat can affect the frequency of myocardial lesions and glomerulonephritis was determined by examining the hearts and kidneys of mice fed diets containing various fats that had subsequently become ill or died.  Death, as well as the frequency of lesions, was strikingly slowed in mice fed a diet containing quantities of omega-3 fatty acids or fish oil.  About half of those mice fed a saturated fat diet (lard) exhibited necrosis and fibrosis in sections taken from the heart, and 36% exhibited some aortic abnormalities.  Of those mice fed a corn oil diet, myocardial necrosis or fibrosis was present in all of the animals and 42% exhibited arterial abnormalities, whereas only 27% of the fish oil-fed mice had necrosis or fibrosis and 18% exhibited aortic abnormalities (P < 0.004).  Severe glomerulonephritis was a common histopathologic finding in the corn oil-fed group and least severe in the fish oil-fed group (P = 0.01).  Dietary omega-3 fatty acids appear to diminish the numbers of myocardial lesions in a strain of mice that exhibit a lupuslike syndrome and die of acute myocardial infarction.
Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids suppress ER- and oxidative stress in cultured neurons and neuronal progenitor cells from mice lacking PPT1; Reactive oxygen species (ROS) damage brain lipids, carbohydrates, proteins, as well as DNA and may contribute to neurodegeneration. We previously reported that ER- and oxidative stress cause neuronal apoptosis in infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (INCL), a lethal neurodegenerative storage disease, caused by palmitoyl-protein thioesterase-1 (PPT1) deficiency. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are essential components of cell membrane phospholipids in the brain and excessive ROS may cause oxidative damage of PUFA leading to neuronal death. Using cultured neurons and neuroprogenitor cells from mice lacking PUFA, which mimic INCL, we demonstrate that Ppt1-deficient neurons and neuroprogenitor cells contain high levels of ROS, which may cause peroxidation of PUFA and render them incapable of providing protection against oxidative stress. We tested whether treatment of these cells with omega-3 or omega-6 PUFA protects the neurons and neuroprogenitor cells from oxidative stress and suppress apoptosis. We report here that both omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids protect the Ppt1-deficient cells from ER- as well as oxidative stress and suppress apoptosis. Our results suggest that PUFA supplementation may have neuroprotective effects in INCL Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Impact of Nut Consumption on Cognition across the Lifespan; Cognitive health is a life-long concern affected by modifiable risk factors, including lifestyle choices, such as dietary intake, with serious implications for quality of life, morbidity, and mortality worldwide. In addition, nuts are a nutrient-dense food that contain a number of potentially neuroprotective components, including monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, fiber, B-vitamins, non-sodium minerals, and highly bioactive polyphenols. However, increased nut consumption relates to a lower cardiovascular risk and a lower burden of cardiovascular risk factors that are shared with neurodegenerative disorders, which is why nuts have been hypothesized to be beneficial for brain health. The present narrative review discusses up-to-date epidemiological, clinical trial, and mechanistic evidence of the effect of exposure to nuts on cognitive performance. While limited and inconclusive, available evidence suggests a possible role for nuts in the maintenance of cognitive health and prevention of cognitive decline in individuals across the lifespan, particularly in older adults and those at higher risk. Walnuts, as a rich source of the plant-based polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid, are the nut type most promising for cognitive health. Given the limited definitive evidence available to date, especially regarding cognitive health biomarkers and hard outcomes, future studies are needed to better elucidate the impact of nuts on the maintenance of cognitive health, as well as the prevention and management of cognitive decline and dementia, including Alzheimer disease.
Elective carotid stenting after urgent best medical treatment suppresses recurrent stroke in patients with symptomatic carotid artery severe stenosis; Objective: Urgent carotid endarterectomy and carotid artery stenting (CAS) for symptomatic advanced carotid artery stenosis is controversial because carry risks of hemorrhagic and thromboembolic complications. As treatments for preventing recurrent stroke have recently advanced, this study evaluated whether elective CAS with urgent best medical therapy reduces recurrent stroke for symptomatic severe carotid artery stenosis.
Deregulated Balance of Omega-6 and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids following Infection by the Zoonotic Pathogen <i>Streptococcus suis</i>; Streptococcus suis is an important swine pathogen and an emergent zoonotic pathogen. Excessive inflammation caused by S. suis is responsible for early high mortality in septic shock-like syndrome cases. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may contribute to regulating inflammatory processes. This study shows that mouse infection by S. suis is accompanied by an increase of arachidonic acid, a proinflammatory omega-6 (omega-6) PUFA, and by a decrease of docosahexaenoic acid, an anti-inflammatory omega-3 PUFA. Macrophages infected with S. suis showed activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways and cyclooxygenase-2 upregulation. Fenretinide, a synthetic vitamin A analog, reduced in vitro expression of inflammatory mediators. Pretreatment of mice with fenretinide significantly improved their survival by reducing systemic proinflammatory cytokines during the acute phase of an S. suis infection. These findings indicate a beneficial effect of fenretinide in diminishing the expression of inflammation and improving survival during an acute infection by a virulent S. suis strain.
Omega-3 Supplementation Prevents Short-Term High-Fat Diet Effects on the <i>α</i>7 Nicotinic Cholinergic Receptor Expression and Inflammatory Response; The study is aimed at investigating if PUFA supplementation could prevent the effects of a short-term HFD on alpha 7nAChR expression and on the severity of sepsis. Swiss mice were used for the in vivo experiments. For the in vitro experiments, we used a microglia cell line (BV-2) and a hepatoma cell line (Hepa-1c1c7) derived from mice. The animals were either fed standard chow, fed a short-term HFD (60%), or given supplementation with omega-3 fatty acid (2 g/kg or 4 g/kg bw) for 17 days, followed by a short-term HFD. Endotoxemia was induced with an intraperitoneal (i.p.) lipopolysaccharide injection (LPS, 5 or 12 mg/kg), and sepsis was induced by subjecting the animals to cecal ligation and puncture (CLP). BV-2 and Hepa-1c1c7 cells were treated with LPS (100 and 500 ng/mL, respectively) for 3 hours. RT-PCR or Western blotting was used to evaluate alpha 7nAChR expression, inflammatory markers, DNMT1, and overall ubiquitination. LPS and HFD reduced the expression of alpha 7nAChR and increased the expression of inflammatory markers. Omega-3 partially prevented the damage caused by the HFD to the expression of alpha 7nAChR in the bone marrow and hypothalamus, decreased the inflammatory markers, and reduced susceptibility to sepsis-induced death. Exposing the BV-2 cells to LPS increased the protein content of DNMT1 and the overall ubiquitination and reduced the expression of alpha 7nAChR. The inflammation induced by LPS in the BV-2 cell decreased alpha 7nAChR expression and concomitantly increased DNMT1 expression and the ubiquitinated protein levels, indicating the participation of pre- and posttranscriptional mechanisms.
Resolvins, docosatrienes, and neuroprotectins, novel omega-3-derived mediators, and their endogenous aspirin-triggered epimers; The molecular basis for the beneficial impact of essential omega-3 (n-3) FA remains of interest. Recently, we identified novel mediators generated from eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) that displayed potent bioactions identified first in resolving inflammatory exudates and in tissues enriched with DHA. The trivial names resolvin (resolution phase interaction products) and docosatrienes were introduced for the bioactive compounds from these novel series since they possess potent anti-inflammatory and immunoregulatory actions. Compounds derived from EPA carrying potent biological actions (i.e., 1-10 nM range) are designated E series and denoted resolvins of the E series (resolvin E1 or RvE1), and those biosynthesized from the precursor DHA are denoted resolvins of the D series (resolvin D1 or RvD1). The number 1 designates the bioactive compounds in this family (#1-4). Bioactive members from DHA-containing conjugated triene structures or docosatrienes (DT) that possess immunoregulatory and neuroprotective actions were termed neuroprotectins. Aspirin treatment initiates a related epimeric series by triggering endogenous formation of the 17R-D series resolvins and docosatrienes. These epimers are denoted as aspirin-triggered (AT)-RvD and DT, and possess potent anti-inflammatory actions in vivo essentially equivalent to their 17S series pathway products. These include five distinct series: (i) 18R resolvins from EPA (i.e., RvE1); (ii) 17R series (AT) resolvins from DHA (RvD1 through RvD4); (iii) 17S series resolvins from DHA (RvD1 through RvD4), (iv) DT from DHA; and (v) their AT form 17R series DT. In this article, we provide an overview of the formation and actions of these newly uncovered pathways and products.
Consumption of Walnuts in Combination with Other Whole Foods Produces Physiologic, Metabolic, and Gene Expression Changes in Obese C57BL/6J High-Fat-Fed Male Mice; Background: Although a reductionist approach has sought to understand the roles of individual nutrients and biochemicals in foods, it has become apparent that there can be differences when studying food components in isolation or within the natural matrix of a whole food.
Serum Fatty Acids and Incidence of Ischemic Stroke Among Postmenopausal Women; Background and Purpose Although studies have linked types of fatty acids with coronary heart disease, data on individual fatty acids and risk of ischemic stroke are limited. We aimed to examine the associations between serum fatty acid concentrations and incidence of ischemic stroke and its subtypes.
Modifying the n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio of a high-saturated fat challenge does not acutely attenuate postprandial changes in inflammatory markers in men with metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) features chronic inflammation and exaggerated postprandial triacylglyceride (TAG) responses. Fasting concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP), key inflammatory mediators, decrease after sustained n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake; however, the ability of n-3 PUFA to attenuate postprandial inflammatory responses is not well studied. Thus, we examined the acute effect of modifying the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio of a high-saturated fatty acid (SFA) oral fat tolerance test (OFTT) on postprandial TAG and inflammatory responses in men with MetS. Men (n = 8, >= 45 years old) with MetS ingested 2 high-SFA OFTTs (1 g fat per kilogram body weight), with either a 20:1 (low n-3) or 2:1 (high n-3) n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio, and a water control in a randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected for 8 hours after treatment to measure postprandial TAG, free fatty acids, IL-6, soluble IL-6 receptor, and CRP. Postprandial TAG increased at the same rate after ingestion of the low-n-3 and high-n-3 OFTTs; however, both OFTTs were significantly different from the water control. There were no differences in the rate at which IL-6 concentrations increased after ingestion of either of the OFTTs compared with water. Furthermore, neither time nor treatment affected circulating soluble IL-6 receptor or CRP concentrations. Thus, increasing the n-3 PUFA content of a high-SFA OFTT does not acutely change postprandial TAG or inflammatory responses in men with MetS. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid status of Dutch vegans and omnivores; We compared the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status of Dutch vegans and omnivores to investigate whether disparities can be explained by different diets and long chain PUFA (LCP) synthesis rates. Dietary intakes and fatty acid compositions of erythrocytes (RBC), platelets (PLT), plasma cholesterol esters (CE) and plasma triglycerides (TG) of 12 strict vegans and 15 age- and sex-matched omnivores were determined. Vegans had higher omega6 (CE,TG),18:2 omega6 (RBC, CE,TG),18:3 omega6 (TG), 20:3 omega6 (TG), 22:4 omega6 (TG), 22:5 omega3 (RBC, PLT), 22:5 omega3/22:6 omega3 (RBC, PLT) and 22:5 omega6/22:6 omega3 (RBC, PLT), and lower 22:4 omega6 (RBC, PLT), 22:4 omega6/22:5 omega6 (RBC, PLT), omega3 (CE), LCP omega3 (CE,TG), 20:5 omega3 (RBC, PLT, CE), 22:5 omega3 (TG) and 22:6 omega3 (all compartments). Vegans had lower 20:4 omega6 (TG) after normalization of PUFAto100%, and normalization of eicosanoid precursors to 100% revealed similar 20:4 omega6 (all), higher 20:3 omega6 (TG) and lower 20:5 omega3 (all). High omega6 (notably 18:2 omega6) and low omega3 (notably 20:5 omega3, 22:6 omega3) status in Dutch vegans derives from low dietary LCP omega3 and 18:3 omega3/18:2 omega6 ratio. Higher18:3 omega6 and 20:3 omega6 in their TG may reflect higher hepatic 20:4 omega6 production rate, whereas higher 20:4 omega6 and 22:4 omega6 in omnivores indicates 20:4 omega6 intake from meat. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Fish oil for human health: omega-3 fatty acid profiles of marine seafood species; The purpose of this study was to investigate the fat contents and fatty acid profiles of the edible meat of 13 different seafood species caught in the Northeastern Mediterranean coast. The fatty acid compositions of seafood species ranged from 27.68% to 36.59% saturated fatty acids, 8.99% to 35.84% monounsaturated fatty acids and 10.69% to 39.57% polyunsaturated fatty acids. Myristic acid (C14:0, 0.93-5.59%), palmitic acid (C16:0, 13.68-23.89%), palmitoleic acid (C16:1n7, 0.85-6.00%), heptadecanoic acid (C17:0, 0.67-2.23%), stearic acid (C18:0, 6.82-10.89%), vaccenic acid (C18:1n-7, 1.05-4.01%), oleic acid (C18:1n-9, 4.87-28.73%), linoleic acid (C18:2n-6, 0.32-2.63%), arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6, 0.22-0,82%), eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3, 1.72-10.73%) and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3, 4.07-31.44%) were the most important fatty acids in most of species. All seafood species had high levels of EPA and DHA and much higher total n-3 PUFA than n-6 PUFA content. The ratio of w6/w3 PUFAs ranged from 0.02 in European squid to 0.48 in striped piggy. Atherogenicity (IA) and Thrombogenicity Index (IT) values ranged from 0.40 to 0.87 and from 0.17 to 0.79, respectively.
Cardiac autonomic neuropathy: Risk factors, diagnosis and treatment; Cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) is a serious complication of diabetes mellitus (DM) that is strongly associated with approximately five-fold increased risk of cardiovascular mortality. CAN manifests in a spectrum of things, ranging from resting tachycardia and fixed heart rate (HR) to development of "silent" myocardial infarction. Clinical correlates or risk markers for CAN are age, DM duration, glycemic control, hypertension, and dyslipidemia (DLP), development of other microvascular complications. Established risk factors for CAN are poor glycemic control in type 1 DM and a combination of hypertension, DLP, obesity, and unsatisfactory glycemic control in type 2 DM. Symptomatic manifestations of CAN include sinus tachycardia, exercise intolerance, orthostatic hypotension (OH), abnormal blood pressure (BP) regulation, dizziness, presyncope and syncope, intraoperative cardiovascular instability, asymptomatic myocardial ischemia and infarction. Methods of CAN assessment in clinical practice include assessment of symptoms and signs, cardiovascular reflex tests based on HR and BP, short-term electrocardiography (ECG), QT interval prolongation, HR variability (24 h, classic 24 h Holter ECG), ambulatory BP monitoring, HR turbulence, baroreflex sensitivity, muscle sympathetic nerve activity, catecholamine assessment and cardiovascular sympathetic tests, heart sympathetic imaging. Although it is common complication, the significance of CAN has not been fully appreciated and there are no unified treatment algorithms for today. Treatment is based on early diagnosis, life style changes, optimization of glycemic control and management of cardiovascular risk factors. Pathogenetic treatment of CAN includes: Balanced diet and physical activity; optimization of glycemic control; treatment of DLP; antioxidants, first of all a-lipoic acid (ALA), aldose reductase inhibitors, acetyl-L-carnitine; vitamins, first of all fat-soluble vitamin B1; correction of vascular endothelial dysfunction; prevention and treatment of thrombosis; in severe cases-treatment of OH. The promising methods include prescription of prostacyclin analogues, thromboxane A2 blockers and drugs that contribute into strengthening and/or normalization of Na+, K+-ATPase (phosphodiesterase inhibitor), ALA, dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), omega-3 polyun-saturated fatty acids (omega-3 PUFAs), and the simultaneous prescription of ALA, omega-3 PUFAs and DGLA, but the future investigations are needed. Development of OH is associated with severe or advanced CAN and prescription of nonpharmacological and pharmacological, in the foreground midodrine and fludrocortisone acetate, treatment methods are necessary.
The effect of n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratios on broiler breeder performance, hatchability, fatty acid profile and reproduction; This experiment was conducted to study the effect of dietary omega6 (n-6) to omega3 (n-3) fatty acid (FA) ratios on performance and reproduction of broiler breeders. In experiment 1, 400 females and 40 males (30week age) of Ross 308 broiler breeder (20 females and two males in each pen) were randomly assigned to one of the four diets with n-6/n-3 FA ratios of 4, 6, 8 and 16 (control). As a measure of hatchability, fertility of eggs and general incubation traits, 1,200 eggs (60 eggs from each pen) were collected and incubated for 21days and embryo liver and brain fatty acid profile in 14 and 21days were determined. In experiment 2, 48 males (three males in each pen) randomly assigned to one of the four diets with n-6/n-3 FA ratios of 4, 6, 8 and 16 (control). Semen was collected twice weekly, and semen volume, spermatozoa concentration and motility and alive and dead spermatozoa were estimated. Egg production and egg mass were decreased by n-6/n-3 FA ratios of 4:1 and 6:1 (p<.05). There were no significant differences between treatments on breeder's body weight, eggs fertility and hatchability, embryonic mortality and semen features. Linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid and total n-3 of egg yolk, semen, testis and liver and brain of embryo and day-old chicken were increased while concentration of linoleic acid, arachidonic acid and docosatetraenoic acid of mentioned tissues were decreased by increasing n-6/n-3 FA ratios (p>.05). In conclusion, absolute amount of n-3 and n-6 FAs in broiler breeder diet may be more important than n-6/n-3 FA ratios and to consider reproductive and performance traits of breeders, it is necessary to supply higher levels of n-3 and n-6 FA with respect to n-6/n-3 FA ratios.
Dietary cyclic fatty acids derived from linolenic acid do not exhibit intrinsic toxicity in the rat during gestation; Heating oils and fats may lead to cyclization of polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially those showing multiple double bonds like linolenic acid. Cyclohexenyl and cyclopentenyl fatty acids are subsequently present in some edible oils and these were suspected to induce metabolic disorders. When fed during gestation in the rat, cyclic fatty acids were historically reported to induce high mortality of the neonates. Nevertheless, none of these studies have been performed with cyclic fatty acids fed as triacylglycerols, limiting the nutritional value of the conclusions. Therefore, we assessed the toxicity of a diet containing 0.7% of cyclic fatty acids fed as triacylglycerols during gestation and the first days of life in the rat. In this work, we report no deleterious effect of cyclic fatty acids in the mothers and neonates. However cyclic fatty acids induced a tremendous insulinopenia in the mothers and pups that was associated with the reduction of food intake in the gestating females. Such a finding may be a plausible explanation for the adverse effects of cyclic fatty acids observed previously with higher doses of cyclic fatty acids. Based on present data, on previous ones showing elimination of cyclic fatty acids, and considering their low amounts in the diet, we suggest that cyclic fatty acids formed from cyclization of linolenic acid are not a major concern for human safety.
Krill oil attenuates left ventricular dilatation after myocardial infarction in rats; Background: In the western world, heart failure (HF) is one of the most important causes of cardiovascular mortality. Supplement with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has been shown to improve cardiac function in HF and to decrease mortality after myocardial infarction (MI). The molecular structure and composition of n-3 PUFA varies between different marine sources and this may be of importance for their biological effects. Krill oil, unlike fish oil supplements, contains the major part of the n-3 PUFA in the form of phospholipids. This study investigated effects of krill oil on cardiac remodeling after experimental MI. Rats were randomised to pre-treatment with krill oil or control feed 14 days before induction of MI. Seven days post-MI, the rats were examined with echocardiography and rats in the control group were further randomised to continued control feed or krill oil feed for 7 weeks before re-examination with echocardiography and euthanization.
Stress-induced stenotic vascular remodeling via reduction of plasma omega-3 fatty acid metabolite 4-oxoDHA by noradrenaline; Stress has garnered significant attention as a prominent risk factor for inflammation-related diseases, particularly cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, the precise mechanisms underlying stress-driven CVDs remain elusive, thereby impeding the development of preventive and therapeutic strategies. To explore the correlation between plasma lipid metabolites and human depressive states, liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC/MS) based analysis of plasma and the self-rating depression (SDS) scale questionnaire were employed. We also used a mouse model with restraint stress to study its effects on plasma lipid metabolites and stenotic vascular remodeling following carotid ligation. In vitro functional and mechanistic studies were performed using macrophages, endothelial cells, and neutrophil cells. We revealed a significant association between depressive state and reduced plasma levels of 4-oxoDHA, a specific omega-3 fatty acid metabolite biosynthesized by 5-lipoxygenase (LO), mainly in neutrophils. In mice, restraint stress decreased plasma 4-oxoDHA levels and exacerbated stenotic vascular remodeling, ameliorated by 4-oxoDHA supplementation. 4-oxoDHA enhanced Nrf2-HO-1 pathways, exerting anti-inflammatory effects on endothelial cells and macrophages. One of the stress hormones, noradrenaline, reduced 4-oxoDHA and the degraded 5-LO in neutrophils through the proteasome system, facilitated by dopamine D2-like receptor activation. Our study proposed circulating 4-oxoDHA levels as a stress biomarker and supplementation of 4-oxoDHA as a novel therapeutic approach for controlling stress-related vascular inflammation.
Omega-3 fatty acids for dialysis vascular access outcomes in patients with chronic kidney disease; Background
Pharmacological effects of lipid-lowering drugs on circulating adipokines; The cardioprotective effects of lipid-lowering drugs have been primarily attributed to their effects on blood lipid metabolism. However, emerging evidence indicates that lipid-lowering drugs also modulate the synthesis and secretion of adipose tissue-secreted proteins referred to as adipokines. Adipokines influence energy homeostasis and metabolism and have also been shown to modulate the vascular inflammatory cascade. The purpose of this review will be to examine the reported effects of commonly used lipid-lowering drugs (statins, fibrates, niacin and omega-3-fatty acids) on the circulating concentrations of leptin, adiponectin, tumor necrosis-factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) and resistin. Overall, the lipid-lowering drugs reviewed have minimal effects on leptin and resistin concentrations. Conversely, circulating adiponectin concentrations are consistently increased by each lipid-lowering drug reviewed with the greatest effects produced by niacin. Studies that have examined the effects of statins, niacin and omega-3-fatty acids on TNF-alpha demonstrate that these agents have little effect on circulating TNF-alpha concentrations. Niacin and fibrates appear to lower RBP4 but not resistin concentrations. The results of the available studies suggest that a strong relationship exists between pharmacological reductions in blood lipids and adiponectin that is not obvious for other adipokines reviewed. (C) 2010 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Reevaluation of the effect of a high alpha-linolenate and a high linoleate diet on antigen-induced antibody and anaphylactic responses in mice; Previously, we reported that a high alpha-linolenate [18:3(n-3)] diet compared with a high linoleate [18:2(n-6)] diet suppressed the anti-egg albumin (EA) immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody response in mice. Because of relatively high background values obtained with the method used previously, we used an improved ELISA and once again determined serum IgE levels. In contrast to our previous results, the serum level of anti-dinitrophenyl specific (anti-DNP) as well as total IgE in mice immunized with DNP-antigen was slightly but significantly higher in the high alpha-linolenate diet group than in the high linoleate diet group. Anti-DMP IgG(1) and IgG(2 alpha) antibody responses were not significantly different in mice fed these diets. Indomethacin administration during immunization tended to enhance the IgE antibody responses. The mortality of mice from antigen-induced anaphylactic shock was significantly lower in the high alpha-linolenate diet group than in the high linoleate diet group; however, there was no difference between the groups in terms of vascular permeability and histamine levels. Thus, the high a-linolenate diet enhances the IgE antibody response slightly without affecting either the IgG antibody response, vascular permeability or histamine release. The high alpha-linolenate diet possibly suppresses anaphylactic shock by reducing the synthesis of lipid mediators such as eicosanoids and platelet-activating factor.
Estimation of Inorganic Arsenic Exposure in Populations With Frequent Seafood Intake: Evidence From MESA and NHANES; The sum of urinary inorganic arsenic (iAs) and methylated arsenic (monomethylarsonate and dimethylarsinate (DMA)) species is the main biomarker of iAs exposure. Assessing iAs exposure, however, is difficult in populations with moderate-to-high seafood intakes. In the present study, we used subsamples from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (2000-2002) (n = 310) and the 2003-2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (n = 1,175). We calibrated urinary concentrations of non-seafood-derived iAs, DMA, and methylarsonate, as well as the sum of inorganic and methylated arsenic species, in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis and of DMA in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey by regressing their original concentrations by arsenobetaine and extracting model residuals. To confirm that calibrated biomarkers reflected iAs exposure but not seafood intake, we compared urinary arsenic concentrations by levels of seafood and rice intakes. Self-reported seafood intakes, estimated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels, and measured n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels were positively associated with the original urinary arsenic biomarkers. Using the calibrated arsenic biomarkers, we found a marked attenuation of the associations with self-reported seafood intake and estimated or measured n-3 fatty acids, whereas associations with self-reported rice intake remained similar. Our residual-based method provides estimates of iAs exposure and metabolism for each participant that no longer reflect seafood intake and can facilitate research about low-to-moderate levels of iAs exposure in populations with high seafood intakes.
The Emerging Role of Icosapent Ethyl in Patients with Cardiovascular Disease: Mechanistic Insights and Future Applications; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) were early established as therapeutic option for patients with high triglyceride levels. Their effects on lipoprotein particles, including a reduction in very low-density lipoprotein and a shift from small to large low-density lipoprotein, is increasingly recognised. This is coupled with their ability to be incorporated within the cellular membrane, leading to plaque stability and anti-inflammatory effects. Nonetheless, recent clinical trials have not been consistent in demonstrating the potential cardioprotective effects of omega-3 fatty acids. This is despite the circumstantial evidence from imaging studies illustrating the stabilising effects on atherosclerotic plaques and slowing of plaque progression. In this article, we will review the effects of omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), on lipid biomarkers, atherosclerotic plaque features, and clinical outcome studies and provide a mechanistic role in managing residual risk of atherosclerosis. This will provide better insight into the inconsistency of the recently reported clinical outcome studies.
Prospective Associations of Erythrocyte Composition and Dietary Intake of n-3 and n-6 PUFA with Measures of Cognitive Function; Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption is recommended as part of a healthy diet, but evidence of the impact of individual species and biological concentrations on cognitive function is limited. We examined prospective associations of PUFA erythrocyte composition and dietary intake with measures of cognitive function among participants of the Boston Puerto Rican Health Study (aged 57 years). Erythrocyte and dietary PUFA composition were ascertained at baseline and associated with 2-year scores on the Mini-Mental State Exam (MMSE) (n = 1032) and cognitive domain patterns derived from a battery of tests (n = 865), as well as with incidence of cognitive impairment. Erythrocyte and dietary n-3 PUFA were not significantly associated with MMSE score. However, total erythrocyte and dietary n-3 very-long-chain fatty acids (VLCFA), and intake of individual species, were associated with better executive function (P-trend < 0.05, for all). There was evidence that greater erythrocyte n-6 eicosadienoic acid concentration was associated with lower MMSE and executive function scores (P-trend = 0.02). Only erythrocyte arachidonic acid (ARA) concentration predicted cognitive impairment (Odds Ratio = 1.26; P = 0.01). Among Puerto Rican adults, we found that n-3 VLCFA consumption may beneficially impact executive function. Further, these findings provide some evidence that n-6 metabolism favoring greater ARA tissue incorporation, but not necessarily dietary intake, could increase the risk of cognitive impairment.
Effects of n-3 fatty acid treatment on monocyte phenotypes in humans with hypertriglyceridemia; BACKGROUND: Hypertriglyceridemia increases risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and may contribute to atherosclerosis by changing circulating monocyte phenotypes. High-dose n-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids reduce blood triglyceride levels. Effects of triglyceride-lowering therapy on monocyte phenotypes are not well known.
Soluble adhesion molecules: Surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease?; Expression of adhesion molecules on the surface of endothelial and immune cells is important for the interaction between immune and endothelial cells during the inflammatory process. Several of these adhesion molecules have been identified and are believed to be important in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The soluble forms of adhesion molecules are shed from cell surfaces and released into blood circulation; their measurement may have use as markers in predicting cardiovascular disease. Experimental and some clinical data have indicated that reducing expression of some adhesion molecules is another mechanism by which dietary fats such as n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and oleic acid, as well as vitamin E and other antioxidants found in fruits and vegetables, may lower the risk of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2003 International Life Sciences Institute.
Associations between Statin/Omega3 Usage and MRI-Based Radiomics Signatures in Prostate Cancer; Prostate cancer is the most common noncutaneous cancer and the second leading cause of cancer deaths among American men. Statins and omega-3 are two medications recently found to correlate with prostate cancer risk and aggressiveness, but the observed associations are complex and controversial. We therefore explore the novel application of radiomics in studying statin and omega-3 usage in prostate cancer patients. On MRIs of 91 prostate cancer patients, two regions of interest (ROIs), the whole prostate and the peripheral region of the prostate, were manually segmented. From each ROI, 944 radiomic features were extracted after field bias correction and normalization. Heatmaps were generated to study the radiomic feature patterns against statin or omega-3 usage. Radiomics models were trained on selected features and evaluated with 500-round threefold cross-validation for each drug/ROI combination. On the 1500 validation datasets, the radiomics model achieved average AUCs of 0.70, 0.74, 0.78, and 0.72 for omega-3/prostate, omega-3/peripheral, statin/prostate, and statin/peripheral, respectively. As the first study to analyze radiomics in relation to statin and omega-3 uses in prostate cancer patients, our study preliminarily established the existence of imaging-identifiable tissue-level changes in the prostate and illustrated the potential usefulness of radiomics for further exploring these medications' effects and mechanisms in prostate cancer.
Abnormalities in the fatty-acid composition of the serum phospholipids of stroke patients; The incidence of cardiovascular diseases, stroke, and myocardial infarction is increasing in sub-Saharan Africa. Since dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are protective of the cardiovascular system in humans, we were interested in the question of the PUFA status of adults in northern Nigeria who had experienced a recent stroke.
A Systematic Review of the Evidence Supporting a Causal Link Between Dietary Factors and Coronary Heart Disease; Background: Although a wealth of literature links dietary factors and coronary heart disease (CHD), the strength of the evidence supporting valid associations has not been evaluated systematically in a single investigation.
A longitudinal study of the association of the eicosapentaenoic acid/arachidonic acid ratio derived from fish consumption with the serum lipid levels: a pilot study; It has been demonstrated that regular fish consumption is associated with a reduced mortality from atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). However, data are scarce regarding the correlation between the changes in the serum eicosapentaenoic acid/arachidonic acid (EPA/AA) ratio associated with regular fish consumption and the changes in the serum lipid profile variables. This study was designed as a hospital-based longitudinal study to investigate the relationship between the changes in the serum EPA/AA ratio and changes of the serum lipid levels in patients with one or more risk factors for ASCVD. In 475 patients followed-up for at least 1year, univariable and multivariable regression analyses conducted after adjustments for the risk factors of ASCVD revealed that the absolute change of the EPA/AA ratio (EPA/AA ratio) was independently and significantly associated with the changes of the serum levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (=-0.129, p=0.005), triglyceride (TG) (=-0.108, p=0.019), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) (=-0.149, p=0.001), and TG/HDL-C ratio, a marker of the LDL particle size (=-0.104, p=0.02), while not being correlated with any other lipid parameters. On the other hand, while the docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)/AA ratio was inversely correlated with the changes of the serum HDL-C level and positively correlated with the changes of the TG/HDL-C ratio, possibly serving to promote development of atherosclerosis. The results suggest that an increase of the EPA/AA ratio might be associated with decrease of the serum levels of LDL-C, TG and non-HDL-C levels, as well as with an increase of the TG/HDL-C ratio, which represents increased LDL particle size, all of which play a role in the development of ASCVD. A high EPA/AA ratio, but not DHA/AA ratio, derived from fish consumption might reduce the risk of ASCVD through reducing the risk of development of atherosclerosis.Clinical Trial Registration Information: UMIN (http://www.umin.ac.jp/), Study ID: UMIN000010603.
Effect of storage and cooking on the fatty acid profile of omega-3 enriched eggs and pork meat marketed in Belgium; The fatty acids (FA) profile was determined in n-3 enriched (Columbus TM) Belgian eggs and pork in order to evaluate to what extent the n-3 fatty acids, which are very sensitive to oxidation, are resistant to storage or cooking. In standard eggs or pork, no change of the fatty acid profile was observed after storage or cooking without culinary fat, as well as in Columbus TM eggs and pork after storage. Some cooking processes (eggs in custard and meat in oven) induced a slight significant loss of n-3 fatty acids in Columbus TM eggs or pork (11.1% in fat from eggs cooked in custard vs. 15.3% in raw Columbus TM eggs and 11.0% in fat from oven cooked meat vs. 11.6% in raw Columbus TM meat). As expected, when Columbus TM pork is cooked with culinary fat, its fatty acid profile is modified according to the nature of the fat used.
The Association between Cerebral White Matter Lesions and Plasma Omega-3 to Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Ratio to Cognitive Impairment Development; Objective. Cerebral white matter hyperintensity (WMH) with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has a potential for predicting cognitive impairment. Serumpolyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels are important for evaluating the extent of atherosclerosis. We investigated whether abnormal PUFA levels affected WMH grading and cognitive function in patients without significant cognitive impairment. Methods. Atherosclerotic risk factors, the internal carotid artery (ICA) plaque, and serum ratios of eicosapentaenoic to arachidonic acids (EPA/AA) and docosahexaenoic to arachidonic acids (DHA/AA) were assessed in 286 patients. The relationship among these risk factors, WMH, and cognitive function was evaluated using WMH grading and the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). Results. The development of WMH was associated with aging, hypertension, ICA plaques, and a low serum EPA/AA ratio (<0.38, obtained as the median value) but was not related to dyslipidemia, diabetes, smoking, and a low serum DHA/AA ratio (<0.84, obtained as the median value). In addition, the MMSE score deteriorated slightly with the progression of WMH (29.7 +/- 1.0 compared to 28.4 +/- 2.1, P < 0.0001). Conclusions. The progression of WMH was associated with a low serum EPA/AA ratio and accompanied minimal deterioration in cognitive function. Sufficient omega-3 PUFA intake may be effective in preventing the development of cognitive impairment.
Fish Oil-Omega-3 Exerts Protective Effect in Oxidative Stress and Liver Dysfunctions Resulting from Experimental Sepsis; Background: Sepsis is a severe global health problem, with high morbidity and mortality. In sepsis, one of the main affected organs is the liver. Hepatic alterations characterize a negative prognostic. Omega-3 fatty acids (w3), eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid, are part of the main families of polyunsaturated fatty acids. w3 has been used in studies as sepsis treatment and as a treatment for non-alcoholic liver disease. Aim: We aimed to evaluate the effects of treatment with fish oil (FO) rich in w3 on liver changes and damage resulting from experimental sepsis. Methodology: A model of severe sepsis in Wistar rats was used. Oxidative stress in the liver tissue was evaluated by means of tests of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, 2,7-dihydrodichlorofluor-escein diacetate , catalase, and glutathione peroxidase, in the serum TBARS, DCF, thiols and, to assess liver dysfunction, alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase. Hepatic tissue damage was evaluated us-ing H&E histology. Results: In assessments of oxidative stress in liver tissue, a protective effect was observed in the tests of TBARS, DCF, CAT, and GPx, when compared the sepsis versus sepsis+w3 groups. Regarding the oxidative stress in serum, a protective effect of treatment with w3 was observed in the TBARS, DCF, and thiols assays, in the comparison between the sepsis and sepsis+w3 groups. w3 had also a beneficial effect on biochemical parameters in serum in the analysis of ALT, creatinine, urea, and lactate, observed in the comparison between the sepsis and sepsis+w3 groups. Conclusion: The results suggest w3 as a liver protector during sepsis with an antioxidant effect, alleviating injuries and dysfunctions.
<i>PPAR</i>α L162V polymorphism alters the potential of n-3 fatty acids to increase lipoprotein lipase activity; Omega-3 fatty acids (FAs) may accelerate plasma triglyceride (TG) clearance by altering lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity. Yet, the ability of n-3 FAs to increase LPL activity is dependent on transcription factors such as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR alpha). The objective was to examine the effects of n-3 FAs on LPL activity considering the occurrence of PPAR alpha L162V polymorphism. First, 14 pairs of men either L162 homozygotes or carriers of the V162 allele were supplemented with n-3 FAs. Second, transient transfections in HepG2 cells, for the L162- and V162-PPAR alpha variants with the peroxisome proliferator-response element from the human LPL gene, were transactivated with n-3 FAs. In vivo results demonstrate that the LPL activity increased non-significantly by 14.4% in L162 homozygotes compared with 6.6% in carriers of the PPAR alpha-V162 allele, after n-3 FA supplementation. Additionally, the L162 homozygotes tended towards an inverse correlation between LPL activities and plasma TG levels. Conversely, carriers of the V162 allele showed no such relationship. In vitro data demonstrates that transcription rates of LPL tended to be higher for the L162-PPAR alpha. than V162-PPAR alpha after n-3 FAs activation. Overall, these results indicate that n-3 FA supplementation increases the transcription rate of LPL to a greater extent in L162-PPAR alpha than V162-PPAR alpha.
Fish consumption and stroke: A community case-control study in Asturias, Spain; Background: The relationship between fish consumption and stroke is controversial. Actually, a low fish consumption may protect against ischemic stroke, while a fish diet is ecologically associated with an increased risk of hemorrhagic stroke. Objective: This study seeks to examine the relationship between fish consumption and stroke in a population with a high fish consumption and stroke incidence. Methods: A population-based case-control study was performed, lasting from September 1990 to December 1991. The study comprised 440 incident cases of stroke and 473 controls between the ages of 40 and 85. Cases were defined following WHO criteria, and controls were randomly selected from the study base population. Information on fish consumption was obtained with a food frequency questionnaire. Results: After controlling for age, energy intake and several stroke risk factors, the risk of stroke increased with the consumption of fish, chi(2) 4.12, p = 0.04. Those in the highest quintile of consumption (46 g of fish/day) had a multivariate adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.95 (95% CI: 1.14-3.33) as compared to those in the lowest quintile of fish consumption (11 g/day). The risk of cerebral infarction also increased with the consumption of fish, showing an OR of 1.98 (95% CI: 1.08-3.47). Those in the highest quintile of n-3 fatty acid consumption (660 mg/day) were at borderline higher risk of stroke, with an OR of 1.76 (95% CI: 0.95-3.26), and also of cerebral infarction (OR: 1.89, 95% CI: 0.95-3.75), as compared to those in the lower quintile of n-3 fatty acids consumption (115 mg/day). Conclusion: Although misclassification of exposure and residual confounding by unmeasured factors cannot be ruled out, a high fish consumption was associated with an increased risk of stroke and cerebral infarction in this study. More studies should be done to clarify the effect of fish consumption on stroke and stroke subtype in order to issue recommendations regarding the consumption of fish and the risk of stroke. Copyright (C) 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Proceedings from the 2013 Canadian Nutrition Society Conference on Advances in Dietary Fats and Nutrition; The science of lipid research continues to rapidly evolve and change. New knowledge enhances our understanding and perspectives on the role of lipids in health and nutrition. However, new knowledge also challenges currently held opinions. The following are the proceedings of the 2013 Canadian Nutrition Society Conference on the Advances in Dietary Fats and Nutrition. Content experts presented state-of-the-art information regarding our understanding of fish oil and plant-based n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, nutrigenomics, pediatrics, regulatory affairs, and trans fats. These important contributions aim to provide clarity on the latest advances and opinions regarding the role of different types of fats in health.
Meat fatty acids profile including metabolic, qualitative, nutritional indices, and organoleptic evaluation as affected by Rumex nervosus leaves meal fortified broiler diets; The effects of dietary supplementation with Rumex nervosus leaves (RNL) on fatty acid (FAs) indices, organoleptic evaluation, performance index, and feed efficiency were investigated. This study consists of five treatments. Broilers in treatments 1-4 received basal feed plus RNL at doses of 0, 1, 3, and 5 g/kg, while broilers in treatment 5 received basal feed plus the antibiotic Colimex. On day 34, FAs profile and organoleptic assessment were evaluated, and performance index and feed efficiency were determined for the entire experimental period. Results showed that FAs profile of the breast meat was affected by treatments with varying degrees (p.0.05). The 1 g RNL resulted in the highest eicosapentaenoic acid+docosahexaenoic acid, which resulted in the highest meat lipid quality, the highest elongation index, improved organoleptic characteristics, and tended to improve performance index, feed efficiency, and nutritional index. The 5 g RNL treatment reduced total saturated fatty acids (Sigma SFAs), omega-6/omega-3 ratio, especially linoleic acid/alpha-linolenic acid ratio, alanine aminotransferase, and increased total omega-3 fatty acids, unsaturation index, and Delta 9-desaturase. In conclusion, RNL can be introduced to broiler diets, especially at an incorporation rate of 1 g, and it promotes broiler health and performance because it contains phytoconstituents that can alter the content and indices of FAs meat and improve storability and sensory quality.
Differences in dietary recall and subjective physical functioning status in stroke survivors with self-reported cognitive impairment; Background: Little is known about the dietary intake of these nutrients in stroke survivors, who often experience greater difficulties with physical functioning due to cognitive impairment. Objectives: To explore whether dietary intake and physical function differ between those with and without self-report cognitive impairment. Methods: The present study analyzes data from the 2011-2012 and 2013-2014 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Individuals were included if they self-reported a stroke and had data regarding cognitive impairment (self-reported "periods of confusion or memory problems") and dietary intake from 24-hr recalls (N = 360). A subset had handgrip strength (N = 330) and questionnaire data regarding the presence of 19 different functional limitations (N = 187). Results: Of the 360 stroke survivor participants (66 +/- 1 years, 53% female, mean +/- SEM), 48% reported cognitive impairment. Dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids was 19% lower (p = 0.01), with a trend for 13% lower vitamin B6 intake (p = 0.07) in those with cognitive impairment compared to those who did not. Those with cognitive impairment had lower handgrip strength and reported twice as many functional limitations (p's<0.01). Conclusion: A lower intake of polyunsaturated fat and vitamin B6 may be associated with cognitive function, ultimately affecting physical functioning, post-stroke. It is possible that differing stroke severity and difficulty recalling dietary habits could have affected the present findings. Therefore, further research is needed to determine if interventions designed to modify polyunsaturated fat and vitamin B6 intakes are able to influence cognitive and physical function in stroke survivors with varying degrees of functional and cognitive deficits.
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Rescues Cav1.2-L-Type Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> Channel Decline Caused by Saturated Fatty Acids via Both Free Fatty Acid Receptor 4-Dependent and -Independent Pathways in Cardiomyocytes; Dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid, EPA) exerts antiarrhythmic effects, although the mechanisms are poorly understood. Here, we investigated the possible beneficial actions of EPA on saturated fatty acid-induced changes in the L-type Ca2+ channel in cardiomyocytes. Cardiomyocytes were cultured with an oleic acid/palmitic acid mixture (OAPA) in the presence or absence of EPA. Beating rate reduction in cardiomyocytes caused by OAPA were reversed by EPA. EPA also retrieved a reduction in Cav1.2 L-type Ca2+ current, mRNA, and protein caused by OAPA. Immunocytochemical analysis revealed a distinct downregulation of the Cav1.2 channel caused by OAPA with a concomitant decrease in the phosphorylated component of a transcription factor adenosine-3 ',5 '-cyclic monophosphate (cAMP) response element binding protein (CREB) in the nucleus, which were rescued by EPA. A free fatty acid receptor 4 (FFAR4) agonist TUG-891 reversed expression of Cav1.2 and CREB mRNA caused by OAPA, whereas an FFAR4 antagonist AH-7614 abolished the effects of EPA. Excessive reactive oxygen species (ROS) accumulation caused by OAPA decreased Cav1.2 and CREB mRNA expressions, which was reversed by an ROS scavenger. Our data suggest that EPA rescues cellular Cav1.2-Ca2+ channel decline caused by OAPA lipotoxicity and oxidative stresses via both free fatty acid receptor 4-dependent and -independent pathways.
A Dietary Pattern Derived from Reduced Rank Regression and Fatty Acid Biomarkers Is Associated with Lower Risk of Type 2 Diabetes and Coronary Artery Disease in Chinese Adults; Background: Combinations of circulating fatty acids may affect the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary artery disease (CAD). No previous studies have identified a dietary pattern predicting fatty acid profiles using reduced rank regression (RRR) and evaluated its associations with the risk of T2D and CAD.
Omega-3 fatty acid EPA improves regenerative capacity of mouse skeletal muscle cells exposed to saturated fat and inflammation; Sarcopenic obesity is characterised by high fat mass, low muscle mass and an elevated inflammatory environmental milieu. We therefore investigated the effects of elevated inflammatory cytokine TNF-alpha (aging/obesity) and saturated fatty acid, palmitate (obesity) on skeletal muscle cells in the presence/absence of EPA, a-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid with proposed anti-inflammatory, anti-obesity activities. In the present study we show that palmitate was lipotoxic, inducing high levels of cell death and blocking myotube formation. Cell death under these conditions was associated with increased caspase activity, suppression of differentiation, reductions in both creatine kinase activity and gene expression of myogenic factors; IGF-II, IGFBP-5, MyoD and myogenin. However, inhibition of caspase activity via administration of Z-VDVAD-FMK (caspase-2), Z-DEVD-FMK (caspase-3) and ZIETD-KMK (caspase 8) was without effect on cell death. By contrast, lipotoxicity associated with elevated palmitate was reduced with the MEK inhibitor PD98059, indicating palmitate induced cell death was MAPK mediated. These lipotoxic conditions were further exacerbated in the presence of inflammation via TNF-alpha co-administration. Addition of EPA under cytotoxic stress (TNF-alpha) was shown to partially rescue differentiation with enhanced myotube formation being associated with increased MyoD, myogenin, IGF-II and IGFBP-5 expression. EPA had little impact on the cell death phenotype observed in lipotoxic conditions but did show benefit in restoring differentiation under lipotoxic plus cytotoxic conditions. Under these conditions Id3 (inhibitor of differentiation) gene expression was inversely linked with survival rates, potentially indicating a novel role of EPA and Id3 in the regulation of apoptosis in lipotoxic/cytotoxic conditions. Additionally, signalling studies indicated the combination of lipo- and cyto-toxic effects on the muscle cells acted through ceramide, JNK and MAPK pathways and blocking these pathways using PD98059 (MEK inhibitor) and Fumonisin B1 (ceramide inhibitor) significantly reduced levels of cell death. These findings highlight novel pathways associated with in vitro models of lipotoxicity (palmitate-mediated) and cytotoxicity (inflammatory cytokine mediated) in the potential targeting of molecular modulators of sarcopenic obesity.
Association Between Dietary Factors and Mortality From Heart Disease, Stroke, and Type 2 Diabetes in the United States; IMPORTANCE In the United States, national associations of individual dietary factors with specific cardiometabolic diseases are not well established.
Gamma linolenic acid: An antiinflammatory omega-6 fatty acid; Inflammation plays an important role in health and disease. Most of the chronic diseases of modem society, including cancer, diabetes, heart disease, arthritis, Alzheimer's disease, etc. have inflammatory component. At the same time, the link between diet and disease is also being recognized. Amongst dietary constituents, fat has gained most recognition in affecting health. Saturated and trans fatty acids have been implicated in obesity, heart disease, diabetes and cancer while polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) generally have a positive effect on health. The PUFAs of omega-3 and omega-6 series play a significant role in health and disease by generating potent modulatory molecules for inflammatory responses, including eicosanoids (prostaglandins, and leukotrienes), and cytokines (interleukins) and affecting the gene expression of various bioactive molecules. Gamma linolenic acid (GLA, all cis 6, 9, 12-Octadecatrienoic acid, C18:3, n6), is produced in the body from linoleic acid (all cis 6,9-octadecadienoic acid), an essential fatty acid of omega-6 series by the enzyme delta-6-desaturase. Preformed GLA is present in trace amounts in green leafy vegetables and in nuts. The most significant source of GLA for infants is breast milk. GLA is further metabolized to dihomogamma linlenic acid (DGLA) which undergoes oxidative metabolism by cyclooxygenases and lipoxygenases to produce anti-inflammatory eicosanoids (prostaglandins of series I and leukotrienes of series 3). GLA and its metabolites also affect expression of various genes where by regulating the levels of gene products including matrix proteins. These gene products play a significant role in immune functions and also in cell death (apoptosis). The present review will emphasize the role of GLA in modulating inflammatory response, and hence its potential applications as an anti-inflammatory nutrient or adjuvant.
EICOSAPENTAENOIC ACID ETHYL-ESTER AS AN ANTITHROMBOTIC AGENT - COMPARISON TO AN EXTRACT OF FISH OIL; Evidence suggesting that dietary omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease the risk of thrombosis comes mainly from studies involving supplementation with large amounts (15-20 g/day) of fish oil extract.  We investigated the inhibition of platelet function by a moderate amount (4 g/d) of ethyl eicosapentaenoate (E-EPA) compared to a concentrated fish oil extract (6 g/d) when given as a supplement to an ordinary diet.  We also determined the effects of these supplements on platelet EPA incorporation, thromboxane synthesis, calcium mobilization and fibrinogen binding.  After 4 weeks, both omega-3 supplements increased the amount of EPA in platelet phospholipids.  The fish oil extract, which contained docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), had increased the amount of DHA also.  The total increase in omega-3 fatty acids was similar for both supplements.  E-EPA decreased serum cholesterol by 13% and triacylglycerols, 35%; increased the bleeding time by 57% and the threshold dose of collagen needed to induce platelet aggregation by 46%.  Thromboxane synthesis in response to collagen was decreased 65% by E-EPA.  Thus, the dietary supplement of pure E-EPA was more effective in limiting platelet reactivity than a concentrated fish oil extract providing an equivalent amount of omega-3 fatty acids.  As an antithrombotic agent, E-EPA should allow for reasonable daily dosis in long-term treatment of cardiovascular disease.
Macronutrient innovations: The role of fats and sterols in human health; Dietary intake of fats and sterols has long been known to play a critical role in human health. High proportions of saturated fat, which increase blood cholesterol levels, are mainly found in animal fat and some plant oil (e.g. cocoa butter, palm oil etc.). The predominant polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the Western diet is linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n-6), an essential fatty acid, which is commonly found in vegetable seed oils. This is the parent fatty acid of n-6 series PUFA, which can be converted in vivo to C20 and C22 n-6 long chain (LC) PUFA. alpha-linolenic acid (ALA; 18:3n-3) is less abundant than LA and is another essential fatty acid; ALA is also present in some vegetable oils such as perilla, flaxseed, canola, soybean and walnut oils, and is the precursor of C20 and C22 n-3 LC PUFA. Sterols are widely distributed in animal tissue and plants, with cholesterol being the major sterol in animal tissue and beta-sitosterol, campesterol and stigmasterol being the main sterols in plants. It has long been recognized that an increased dietary intake of saturated fat and (to a lesser extent) cholesterol, raises plasma/serum total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, and PUFA decreases these levels. Results from recent studies have shown that plasma/serum levels of lipids and lipoprotein lipids can also be decreased by plant sterols (phytosterols) and diacylglycerol (DAG). Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA, cis-9,trans-11-18:2) has been reported to have anticancer and antidiabetic activities. Fat as the DAG form has also been reported to have anti-obesity effects. Omega-3 PUFA have a beneficial effect on increased heart rate variability, decreased risk of stroke, reduction of both systolic and diastolic blood pressure and may be effective in managing depression in adults. Gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) and phytosterols have an anti-inflammatory activity. The GLA, when combined with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), have been reported to have a beneficial effect in hyperactive children. These data show that various lipids are powerful bioactive compounds.
ω-3 fatty acids arid selenium as coronary heart disease risk modifying factors in Asian Indian and Chinese males; Objective: Asian Indian men are reported to-have a higher,incidence of coronary heart disease than men,of other ethnic groups worldwide. Among the many hypotheses, one possible risk factor may be related to their dietary habits. This,study estimated the plasma concentrations of fatty acids, antioxidant vitamins, and selenium in Indians and Chinese of Sipgapore.
Dietary fat modification in patients with chronic kidney disease: <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and beyond; Replacement of dietary saturated fat with unsaturated fat has been recommended for prevention of cardio, vascular disease (CVD) in the general population. Less is known of the health risks in individuals with chronic kidney disease (CKD), of a diet with an unhealthy fat profile, in general characterized by insufficient polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and excess saturated fatty acids (SFA). The dietary intake of PUFA, both the n-3 and n-6 subfamilies, is increasingly gaining attention in CKD, owing to its broad cardioprotective effects. Conversely, dietary SFA may promote CVD in this vulnerable population. This review discusses the potential benefits of dietary fat modification in CKD patients, including plausible effects on renal function, albuminuria, lipoproteins, nutritional status, inflammation, thrombosis and clinical outcomes. Increasing evidence supports the concept that n-3 PUFA might have therapeutic potential in reducing proteinuria in CKD and reducing triglycerides and inflammation in dialysis patients. In addition; emerging evidence suggests that linoleic acid, a major n-6 PUFA derived from vegetable oils, may be beneficial for a number of CVD risk factors. Increased consumption of oily fish as part of plant-based diets with low content of SFA is likely to benefit patients who have CKD, or are at risk of developing CKD. Such recommendations are in line with the concept of a healthy "Mediterranean diet" and are in line with current dietary recommendations for CVD prevention in the community.
Association between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid content of red blood cells and inflammatory biomarkers in patients with peripheral artery disease; Objective: The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are dietary components derived from fish oil with beneficial cardiovascular effects that may relate in part to anti-inflammatory properties. Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is characterized by a marked proinflammatory state. We hypothesized that the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids content of red blood cells (omega-3 index) would be correlated with biomarkers of inflammation and vascular function in a PAD cohort.
Long-term outcomes after perioperative treatment with omega-3 fatty acid supplements in colorectal cancer; Background This study aimed to evaluate the effect of perioperative supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FA) on perioperative outcomes and survival in patients undergoing colorectal cancer surgery.
A comprehensive meta-analysis on evidence of Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular disease: Are individual components equal?; Many studies have reported that higher adherence to Mediterranean diet may decrease cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence and mortality. We performed a meta-analysis to explore the association in prospective studies and randomized control trials (RCTs) between Mediterranean diet adherence and CVD incidence and mortality. The PubMed database was searched up to June 2014. A total of 17 studies were extracted and 11 qualified for the quantitative analysis. Individuals in the highest quantile of adherence to the diet had lower incidence [relative risk (RR): 0.76, 95% confidence intervals (CI): 0.68, 0.83] and mortality (RR: 0.76, 95% CI: 0.68, 0.83) from CVD compared to those least adherent. A significant reduction of risk was found also for coronary heart disease (CHD) (RR: 0.72, 95% CI: 0.60, 0.86), myocardial infarction (MI) (RR: 0.67; 95% CI: 0.54, 0.83), and stroke (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.96) incidence. Pooled analyses of individual components of the diet revealed that the protective effects of the diet appear to be most attributable to olive oil, fruits, vegetables, and legumes. An average reduced risk of 40% for the aforementioned outcomes has been retrieved when pooling results of RCTs. A Mediterranean dietary pattern is associated with lower risks of CVD incidence and mortality, including CHD and MI. The relative effects of specific food groups should be further investigated.
Dietary ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids can inhibit expression of granzyme B, perforin, and cation-independent mannose 6-phosphate/insulin-like growth factor receptor in rat model of small bowel transplant chronic rejection; Background: The aim of our work was to investigate the effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on apoptosis and granzyme B, perforin, and cation-independent mannose 6-phosphate/insulin-like growth factor receptor (CI-MPR) expression of intestinal epithelial cells of chronic rejection after small intestinal transplantation. Methods: Small bowel transplantation was performed in a rat combination of 3 groups: group 1, Lewis-to-Lewis; group 2, F344-to-Lewis, dietary corn oil; group 3, F344-to-Lewis, dietary fish oil. All recipients were killed at 16 weeks posttransplantation. The apoptosis rate of mucosal cells was evaluated by flow cytometry. The expression of granzyme B, perforin, and CI-MPR was analyzed by reverse transcriptase PCR. Results: A high apoptotic rate was observed when the allografts demonstrated 1 or more histologic features of chronic rejection. omega-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids decreased in rate of the apoptosis, and it can inhibit the expression of granzyme B, perforin, and CI-MPR. Conclusions: omega-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids can suppress the rejection to mucosal cells of allograft at the time of chronic rejection in small intestinal transplantation, which may be significant in increasing the surviving rate of allograft, delaying the chronic dysfunction, and prolonging the lifetime of both allograft, and acceptor.
Dietary factors that promote or retard inflammation; Inflammation plays a pivotal role in all stages of atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome are typified by low-grade inflammation. Intervention trials convincingly demonstrate that weight loss reduces biomarkers of inflammation, such as C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin (IL)-6. Limited studies have shown that certain dietary factors; oleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, and antioxidants RRR-alpha-alpha tocopherol, reduce biomarkers of inflammation. Most of the studies with fish oil supplementation have shown null effects, and conflicting results have been reported with saturated and trans fatty acids, cholesterol, and soy intake. Much further research is needed to define the role of individual dietary factors on the biomarkers of inflammation and the mechanism of the anti-inflammatory effects of weight loss.
Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Lipid Levels in Endstage Renal Disease Patients; Objective: Our purpose was to determine if over-the-counter fish oil improves the cardiovascular-disease risk profile of endstage renal disease patients.
Fatty acid composition and cholesterol content of selected marine fish in Malaysian waters; A consumer survey identified 10 species of most-preferred marine fish for daily consumption in Malaysia. Total lipids extracted from 10 species of the selected fish were analyzed for their total fat, fatty acids composition and cholesterol content. Most of the fish contained less than 6% lipid by weight and total cholesterol content was 37.1-49.1 mg/100g. The composition of fatty acids showed that total omega -3 poly unsaturated fatty acids (w-3 PUFA; 29.7-48.4%) were the highest, followed by other PUFA (27.7-40.0), omega -6 PUFA (11.0-20.0%), saturated fatty acid (3.63-11.4%), and finally, mono unsaturated fatty acid (MUFA; 1.37-9.12%). All samples showed a much higher content of w-3 PUFA when compared to standard menhaden oil. Most of the fish had a higher omega -3/omega -6 ratio (2.16-4.14) than the standard menhaden oil (2.03) except for Four Finger Threadfin (1.50), Indian Mackerel (1.67) and Striped Sea Catfish (1.78). The ratio of PUFA/saturated of the samples ranged from 5.49 to 25.2. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Enriching Diet with n-3 PUFAs to Help Prevent Cardiovascular Diseases in Healthy Adults: Results from Clinical Trials; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are believed to be important for cardiovascular health. Many investigations have been carried out in an attempt to examine the effect of n-3 PUFAs intake, in the form of supplementation or fortified foods, for the management of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and risk factors for CVD, whereas less is known about the effect on healthy individuals. The present study reviews the available literature in order to examine the relationship between n-3 PUFAs intake, either via supplementation or enriched food, and the prevention of CVD among healthy adults. Interventional clinical trials on subjects aged >18 years old with none of the established risk factors for CVD have been considered for review. n-3 PUFAs supplementation or enriched food may positively regulate triglycerides and some lipoprotein subsets, as well as several vascular and coagulation parameters, even in healthy patients, presenting no risk factors for CVD, suggesting a protective effect. Diet enrichment with omega-3 is likely to be useful in helping to lower the risk of developing CVD in healthy individuals, but still offers no strong evidence of a tangible benefit on a population level. Additional studies are needed to determine the optimal daily intake, especially to prevent the unfavorable effects of PUFAs over-consumption.
Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: new insights into mechanisms relating to inflammation and coronary heart disease; Evidence from observational studies, prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical intervention studies indicate that moderate doses of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC n-3 PUFA) significantly decrease risk of fatal coronary heart disease (CHD). Higher doses and longer duration of intervention may also protect from non-fatal CHD events. The exact mechanisms through which LC n-3 PUFA has an effect on CHD are not well established but may include a decrease in fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol levels, a decrease in arrhythmias, modulation of platelet aggregation and decreased synthesis of pro-inflammatory agents. The mechanistic relation between LC n-3 PUFA and inflammation has attracted great interest, and in vitro studies have revealed that these fatty acids decrease endothelial activation, affect eicosanoid metabolism (including epoxygenation pathways) and induce inflammatory resolution. However, the effects of LC n-3 PUFA on established biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation in vivo are not strong. Consequently we need new and more sensitive and systemic biomarkers to reveal the effects of LC n-3 PUFA on localized inflammatory processes.
Effect of Varying Concentrations of Docosahexaenoic Acid on Amyloid Beta (1-42) Aggregation: An Atomic Force Microscopy Study; Healthcare has advanced significantly, bringing with it longer life expectancies and a growing population of elders who suffer from dementia, specifically Alzheimer's disease (AD). The amyloid beta (A) peptide has been implicated in the cause of AD, where the peptides undergo a conformational change and form neurotoxic amyloid oligomers which cause neuronal cell death. While AD has no cure, preventative measures are being designed to either slow down or stop the progression of this neurodegenerative disease. One of these measures involves dietary supplements with polyunsaturated fatty acids such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). This omega-3 fatty acid is a key component of brain development and has been suggested to reduce the progression of cognitive decline. However, different studies have yielded different results as to whether DHA has positive, negative, or no effects on A fibril formation. We believe that these discrepancies can be explained with varying concentrations of DHA. Here, we test the inhibitory effect of different concentrations of DHA on amyloid fibril formation using atomic force microscopy. Our results show that DHA has a strong inhibitory effect on A(1-42) fibril formation at lower concentrations (50% reduction in fibril length) than higher concentrations above its critical micelle concentration (70% increase in fibril length and three times the length of those at lower concentrations). We provide evidence that various concentrations of DHA can play a role in the inhibitory effects of amyloid fibril formation in vitro and help explain the discrepancies observed in previous studies.
Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue and breast cancer risk: a case-cohort study from Denmark; Objective The aim of this study was to investigate the association between the content of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in adipose tissue, a biomarker for the long-term intake of seafood, and the subsequent development of breast cancer (BC).
The Association of Free Fatty Acids and Eicosanoids with the Severity of Depressive Symptoms in Stroke Patients; The study was designed to demonstrate the relationship of free fatty acids (FFAs) and eicosanoids levels with the severity of depressive symptoms in stroke. The ischemic stroke patients (n= 74) were included in the prospective study. The risk of depression was evaluated by the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) 7 days and 6 months after the stroke onset. FFAs and inflammatory metabolites were determined by gas chromatography and liquid chromatography. In the acute phase of stroke, BDI-II and FFAs inversely correlated with C13:0 tridecanoic acid, C15:1 cis-10-pentadecanoid acid, C17:1 cis-10- heptadecanoid acid, C18:0 stearic acid, C20:3n6 eicosatrienoic acid, C22:1cis13 docosenoic acid and C22:6n3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). DHA level was significantly lower in patients with low vs. high BDI-II score. In the follow-up examination, BDI-II score directly correlated with C16:0 palmitic acid. The changes in BDI-II score during 6-month observation inversely correlated with lipoxin A4 and protectin D1, and directly correlated with 5-oxo-ETE. Importantly, the severity of depressive symptoms was associated with n3 PUFA level. Diet-derived FFAs were observed to potentially affect the inflammatory pathways in pathogenesis of depression in stroke and reduced DHA levels can attenuate depressive symptoms in stroke patients.
Dietary intake of fish vs. formulations leads to higher plasma concentrations of n-3 fatty acids; The n-3 fatty acids from fish appear to be more efficacious, in terms of cardioprotection, than equivalent amounts provided as capsules. Volunteers were given, for 6 wk, either 100 g/d of salmon, providing 383 mg of EPA and 544 mg of DHA, esterified in glycerol lipids, or 1 or 3 capsules of fish oil/d, providing 150 mg of EPA and 106 mg of DHA or 450 mg of EPA and 318 mg of DHA, as ethyl esters. Further, we reevaluated data from a previous study carried out with the same design, i.e., with 3 and 6 capsules/d of fish oil, providing 1290 and 2580 mg/d EPA and 960 and 1920 mg/d DHA. Marked increments in plasma EPA and DHA concentrations (mug/mg total lipid) and percentages of total fatty acids were recorded at the end of treatment with either n-3 capsules or salmon. Net increments of EPA and DHA in plasma lipids were linearly and significantly correlated with the dose after capsule administration. Further, increments in plasma EPA and DHA concentration after salmon intake were significantly higher than after administration of capsules. The same increments would be obtained with at least two- and ninefold higher doses of EPA and DHA, respectively, if administered with capsules rather than salmon. We provide experimental evidence that n-3 fatty acids from fish are more effectively incorporated into plasma lipids than when administered as capsules and that increments in plasma concentrations of EPA and DHA given as capsules are linearly correlated with their intakes.
Essential Fatty Acid Intake and Coronary Heart Disease Risk Factors Among College Students of 3 Ethnic Groups; Objectives: Few studies address gender and ethnic variations in essential fatty acid (EFA) intake and risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD). The purpose of this study was to estimate EFA intake among college, students of 3 ethnic groups and compare the relationship between EFA intake and CHD risk factors.
Plant sterols, marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids and other functional ingredients: a new frontier for treating hyperlipidemia; As hyperlipidemia, including hypercholesterolemia (HC) and hypertriglyceridemia (HTN), continue to challenge North America's healthcare systems, patients continue to seek efficacious and safe natural therapies that complement pharmaceutical interventions. However, despite the ever-growing body of research supporting the use of functional foods and nutraceuticals (FFN) for the prevention and treatment of hyperlipidemia, reception amongst the medical community regarding the implementation of FFN into clinical guidelines continues to lag. Research demonstrates that specific FFN target and modulate molecular processes that perpetuate hyperlipidemia. In addition, studies consistently demonstrate that combining certain FFN such as marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids or plant sterols/stanols with statins enhances triglyceride and cholesterol-lowering efficacy, respectively. Thus, the purpose of this commentary is to contend that efficacious FFN not only reduce HC and HTG but also boost the lipid-lowering effects of pharmaceutical hypolipidemic medications. Finally, this editorial aims to challenge current medical guidelines to emphasize efficacious FFN during all stages of treatment of hyperlipidemias as adjuncts to pharmacotherapy.
Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and cardiovascular disease risk factors; Numerous epidemiological and controlled interventional trials have supported the health benefits of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids in the form of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) plus eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) from fish and fish oils as well as from algal sources. The beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease and related mortality including various risk factors for cardiovascular disease (particularly lowering circulating triglyceride levels and the triglyceride:HDL-cholesterol ratio) have been observed in the absence of any concomitant blood cholesterol lowering. With appropriate dosages, consistent reductions in both fasting and postprandial triglyceride levels and moderate increases in fasting HDL-cholesterol levels have been observed with algal DHA in the majority of trials. These results are similar to findings for fish oils containing DHA and EPA. Related to greater fish intake, higher levels of DHA in circulating blood biomarkers (such as serum phospholipid) have been associated with reduced risks for the progression of coronary atherosclerosis and lowered risk from sudden cardiac death. Controlled clinical trials have also indicated the potential for algal DHA supplementation to have moderate beneficial effects on other cardiovascular disease risk factors including blood pressures and resting heart rates. Recommended intakes of DHA+EPA from numerous international groups for the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease have been forthcoming, although most have not offered specific recommendations for the optimal individual intake of DHA and EPA. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Do Fish Oil Omega-3 Fatty Acids Enhance Antioxidant Capacity and Mitochondrial Fatty Acid Oxidation in Human Atrial Myocardium <i>via</i> PPARγ Activation?; Studies in experimental models suggest that n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) improve metabolic and anti-inflammatory/antioxidant capacity of the heart, although the mechanisms are unclear and translational evidence is lacking. In this study, patients ingested a moderately high dose of n-3 PUFAs (3.4 g/day eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and doxosahexaenoic acid (DHA) ethyl-esters) for a period of 2-3 weeks before having elective cardiac surgery. Blood was obtained before treatment and at the time of surgery, and myocardial tissue from the right atrium was also dissected during surgery. Blood EPA levels increased and myocardial tissue EPA and DHA levels were significantly higher in n-3 PUFA-treated patients compared with untreated, standard-of-care control patients. Interestingly, n-3 PUFA patients had greater nuclear transactivation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR gamma), fatty acid metabolic gene expression, and enhanced mitochondrial respiration supported by palmitoyl-carnitine in the atrial myocardium, despite no difference in mitochondrial content. Myocardial tissue from n-3 PUFA patients also displayed greater expression and activity of key antioxidant/anti-inflammatory enzymes. These findings lead to our hypothesis that PPAR gamma activation is a mechanism by which fish oil n-3 PUFAs enhance mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation and antioxidant capacity in human atrial myocardium, and that this preoperative therapeutic regimen may be optimal for mitigating oxidative/inflammatory stress associated with cardiac surgery.
Nitro-linolenic acid is a nitric oxide donor; Nitro-fatty acids (NO2-FAs), which are the result of the interaction between reactive nitrogen species (RNS) and non-saturated fatty acids, constitute a new research area in plant systems, and their study has significantly increased. Very recently, the endogenous presence of nitro-linolenic acid (NO2-Ln) has been reported in the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana. In this regard, the signaling role of this molecule has been shown to be key in setting up a defense mechanism by inducing the chaperone network in plants. Here, we report on the ability of NO2-Ln to release nitric oxide (NO) in an aqueous medium with several approaches, such as by a spectrofluorometric probe with DAF-2, the oxyhemoglobin oxidation method, ozone chemiluminescence, and also by confocal laser scanning microscopy in Arabidopsis cell cultures. Jointly, this ability gives NO2-Ln the potential to act as a signaling molecule by the direct release of NO, due to its capacity to induce different changes mediated by NO or NO-related molecules such as nitration and S-nitrosylation or by the electrophilic capacity of these molecules through a nitroalkylation mechanism. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Differential modulation of polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with myocardial infarction treated with ticagrelor or clopidogrel; Untargeted metabolomics is used to refine the development of biomarkers for the diagnosis of cardiovascular disease. Myocardial infarction (MI) has major individual and societal consequences for patients, who remain at high risk of secondary events, despite advances in pharmacological therapy. To monitor their differential response to treatment, we performed untargeted plasma metabolomics on 175 patients from the platelet inhibition and patient outcomes (PLATO) trial treated with ticagrelor and clopidogrel, two common P2Y12 inhibitors. We identified a signature that discriminates patients, which involves polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and particularly the omega-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoate and eicosapentaenoate. The known cardiovascular benefits of PUFAs could contribute to the efficacy of ticagrelor. Our work, beyond pointing out the high relevance of untargeted metabolomics in evaluating response to treatment, establishes PUFA metabolism as a pathway of clinical interest in the recovery path from MI.
Early eicosapentaenoic acid treatment after percutaneous coronary intervention reduces acute inflammatory responses and ventricular arrhythmias in patients with acute myocardial infarction: A randomized, controlled study; Objective: We examined whether early loading of eicosapenlaenoic acid (EPA) reduces clinical adverse events by 1 month, accompanied by a decrease in C-reactive protein (CRP) values in patients with acute myocardial infarction (MI).
Mediterranean diet and inflammatory response in myocardial infarction survivors; Background Within the framework of the multi-centre AIRGENE project we studied the association of the Mediterranean diet on plasma levels of various inflammatory markers, in myocardial infarction (MI) survivors from six geographic areas in Europe.
Emphasis on Icosapent Ethyl for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction: A Systematic Review; Despite the widespread use of lipid-lowering agents such as statins, cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of mortality worldwide. Icosapent ethyl (IPE) (Vascepa), an ethyl ester of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), has gained widespread popularity as an adjunctive agent that targets multiple and additional mechanisms linked to the incidence of cardiovascular (CV) events and the causative pathway of atherosclerosis. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) 2020 standards were used to conduct this systematic review. In this review, we assessed various studies from PubMed, PubMed Central (PMC), and Google Scholar to evaluate the mechanisms of action and beneficial effects of IPE in the reduction of CVD outcomes. The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) has demonstrated a significant reduction in CV mortality with 4 g/day IPE as compared to placebo. All other trials and observational studies have supported the role of Vascepa in hypertriglyceridemia and CV risk reduction. In conclusion, the use of IPE has been shown to significantly reduce triglyceride levels and reduce CV risks in patients receiving optimal statin therapy.
From bench to the clinic:: γ-linolenic acid therapy of human gliomas; Malignant gliomas are among the most devastating of cancers and are a major cause of mortality in a young population with a median survival time of 9 months following cytoreductive surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Recent studies showed that polyunsaturated fatty acids especially gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) have selective tumoricidal action especially against malignant glioma cells both in vitro and in vivo. Limited open label clinical studies showed that intratumoral injection/infusion of GLA is safe and effective against malignant gliomas. In view of this, large-scale, double blind studies are needed to establish the usefulness of GLA in the treatment of malignant brain tumors. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
12(S)-HETrE, a 12-Lipoxygenase Oxylipin of Dihomo--Linolenic Acid, Inhibits Thrombosis via G<sub>s</sub> Signaling in Platelets; Objective Dietary supplementation with polyunsaturated fatty acids has been widely used for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease in individuals at risk; however, the cardioprotective benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids remain controversial because of lack of mechanistic and in vivo evidence. We present direct evidence that an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid, dihomo--linolenic acid (DGLA), exhibits in vivo cardioprotection through 12-lipoxygenase (12-LOX) oxidation of DGLA to its reduced oxidized lipid form, 12(S)-hydroxy-8Z,10E,14Z-eicosatrienoic acid (12(S)-HETrE), inhibiting platelet activation and thrombosis.
Effect of maternal omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E supplementation on placental apoptotic markers in rat model of early and late onset preeclampsia; Aim: Disturbed placentation results in pregnancy complications like preeclampsia. Placental development is influenced by apoptosis during trophoblast differentiation and proliferation. Increased oxidative stress upregulates placental apoptosis. We have earlier reported increased oxidative stress, lower omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E levels in women with preeclampsia. Current study examines effect of maternal omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E supplementation on apoptotic markers across gestation in a rat model of preeclampsia.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a 14-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire for cardiovascular prevention; Background Dietary habits play a major role in cardiovascular disease risk but few simple nutrition assessment tools are available for clinical practice, We developed a 14-item food frequency questionnaire to evaluate dietary patterns in relation with coronary risk in a French population.
Tackling inequalities: are secondary prevention therapies for reducing post-infarction mortality used without disparities?; Background: Mortality due to coronary heart disease has been declining as a result of better clinical patient management, including secondary prevention with the aid of effective drugs. The clinical challenge remains how to improve adherence to evidence-based cardiac care for all patients who can benefit from it. The present study aimed to assess the effectiveness of drug use after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in reducing total medium-term mortality and to establish whether there are disparities in prescribing all therapies of demonstrated effectiveness.
Bloodless management of significantly elevated transcranial Doppler velocity value in a Jehovah's witness child with sickle cell disease: A tertiary centre experience-A case report; Background: Effective management of complications in sickle cell disease (SCD), such as stroke prevention, often necessitates the use of blood transfusions. However, individuals who adhere to the religious tenets of Jehovah's Witnesses strictly abstain from accepting blood transfusions, thereby presenting a formidable challenge in clinical decision-making. Case report: This is a case of a 3 year old child Jehovah's Witness who was found to have significantly elevated transcranial Doppler (TCD) velocity values between 193 and 203 cm/s, following routine screening. This was an otherwise clinically stable child, whose mother was diligently ensuring he had adequate medical care. Ideally, a prophylactic exchange blood transfusion program would have been commenced immediately but was not done due to due to the lack of consent from the caregiver. Patient was initially on hydroxyurea at 15 mg/kg and self medicating on omega 3 supplements and astymin syrup. Further elevation of TCD velocity upto 242 cm/s after a repeat testing, necessitated graduated increase of the dosage of hydroxyurea to 35 mg/kg to optimize its therapeutic effect, and discontinuation of omega 3 fatty acids and replacement of astymin with folic acid, vitamin C and B complex. Following these adjustments, the T CD dropped to below 190 cm/s reducing the risk of stroke in the child. Conclusion: This case report demonstrates the successful implementation of a bloodless management strategy for stroke prevention in a Jehovah's Witness child with SCD. This study contributes to the existing literature by providing valuable insights and practical guidance for healthcare providers facing similar ethical and medical dilemmas
Dietary supplement intake among the elderly: hazards and benefits; Purpose of review
Chemical Compositional Changes in Over-Oxidized Fish Oils; A recent study has reported that the administration during gestation of a highly rancid hoki liver oil, obtained by oxidation through sustained exposure to oxygen gas and incident light for 30 days, causes newborn mortality in rats. This effect was attributed to lipid hydroperoxides formed in the omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich oil, while other chemical changes in the damaged oil were overlooked. In the present study, the oxidation condition employed to damage the hoki liver oil was replicated, and the extreme rancidity was confirmed. A detailed analysis of temporal chemical changes resulting from the sustained oxidative challenge involved measures of eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid (EPA/DHA) omega-3 oil oxidative quality (peroxide value, para-anisidine value, total oxidation number, acid value, oligomers, antioxidant content, and induction time) as well as changes in fatty acid content, volatiles, isoprostanoids, and oxysterols. The chemical description was extended to refined anchovy oil, which is a more representative ingredient oil used in omega-3 finished products. The present study also analyzed the effects of a different oxidation method involving thermal exposure in the dark in contact with air, which is an oxidation condition that is more relevant to retail products. The two oils had different susceptibility to the oxidation conditions, resulting in distinct chemical oxidation signatures that were determined primarily by antioxidant protection as well as specific methodological aspects of the applied oxidative conditions. Unique isoprostanoids and oxysterols were formed in the over-oxidized fish oils, which are discussed in light of their potential biological activities.
Heart rate variability and <i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in patients with diabetes mellitus; Objectives. Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) derived from fish may reduce the incidence of sudden cardiac death (SCD). The aim of the present study was to examine associations between n-3 PUFA and 24-h heart rate variability in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM).
To what extent are the effects of diet on coronary heart disease lipid-mediated?; Background: Cohort and case-control studies support the effect of diet on coronary heart disease. The objective of this study was to analyze the strength of the influence of dietary fat subtypes and other nutrients on serum lipids levels in patients with a first acute myocardial infarction. Methods: We studied 139 patients with a first myocardial infarction and no previous history of vascular disease. Serum lipids were determined, and nutrient intake was analyzed using a validated 118-food item questionnaire. Results: Multiple regression models found weak but significant associations between the intake of different fatty acids and total to HDL cholesterol ratio (atherogenic index) when we adjusted for age, gender and body mass index (BMI). Positive associations with serum HDL cholesterol concentration were observed for energy-adjusted intake of red wine, alcohol intake, and omega-3 fatty acids intake. However, these nutrients explained less than 12% of the variability in the atherogenic index, and less than 17% in the variability of HDL. Conclusions: Our results suggest only a modest contribution of the investigated nutrients on serum lipids (atherogenic index and HDL cholesterol) in coronary patients. Alternative mechanisms of dietary factors not directly related with serum lipids or, more likely, a global effect of diet on inflammatory and antioxidant parameters should be studied in order to better understand the nature of dietary habits' influence on cardiovascular disease. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in animal models with neuroinflammation: An update; Neuroinflammation is a characteristic of a multitude of neurological and psychiatric disorders. Modulating inflammatory pathways offers a potential therapeutic target in these disorders. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have anti-inflammatory and pro-resolving properties in the periphery, however, their effect on neuroinflammation is less studied. This review summarizes 61 animal studies that tested the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on neuroinflammatory outcomes in vivo in various models including stroke, spinal cord injury, aging, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, lipopolysaccharide and IL-113 injections, diabetes, neuropathic pain, traumatic brain injury, depression, surgically induced cognitive decline, whole body irradiation, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, N-methyl-D-aspartate-induced excitotoxicity and lupus. The evidence presented in this review suggests anti-neuroinflammatory properties of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, however, it is not clear by which mechanism omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids exert their effect. Future research should aim to isolate the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on neuroinflammatory signaling in vivo and elucidate the mechanisms underlying these effects. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Fatty acid concentration of plasma, muscle, adipose and liver from beef heifers fed an encapsulated n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplement; Increasing the content of polyunsaturated fat in the human diet is a priority for reducing cardiovascular disease and cancer risks. Beef has the potential to contribute to the polyunsaturated fat content in the human diet: however, ruminants cannot synthesise many long-chain fatty acids de novo; they require dietary supplementation. The objectives of the current study were to evaluate (i) the effect of a partially rumen protected n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) dietary supplement on the fatty acid composition of muscle (Longissimus dorsi), adipose and liver tissues of beef heifers and (ii) the usefulness of blood plasma as a predictor of tissue concentrations of specific fatty adds. Charolais crossbred heifers (n 20) were assigned to one of two isolipid dietary treatments namely palmitic acid (control) or an n-3 LC-PUFA supplement for a 91-day period. Blood plasma and adipose tissue samples were taken to determine the temporal effect of these diets on fatty acid composition (days 0,10, 35 and 91), while liver and musde samples were taken following slaughter. Dietary lipid source did not influence animal growth rate or body condition score. At day 91, the percentage differences between control and n-3 LC-PUFA heifers in concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid were +61, -176 and +133% in liver, muscle and adipose, respectively. For docosahexaenoic acid, at the same time point, the percentage differences were +57, +73 and +138 % for liver, muscle and adipose, respectively. Medium-to-strong positive correlation coefficients were evident for liver and plasma fatty adds, in particular, there were positive relationships with concentrations of total saturated fatty acid (SFA), total n-6 PUFA and total n-3 PUFA. This trend also extended to both the ratio of PUFA to SFA (slope (beta(1)) = 0.56 +/- 0.167, intercept (beta(0)) = 0.56, R-2 = 0.61, P < 0.05) and the ratio of n-6 to n-3 PUFA (beta(1) = 0.15 +/- 0.054, beta(0) = 0.24, R-2 = 0.52, P < 0.05). A strong correlation was also detected in the ratio of n-6 to n-3 in plasma and muscle tissue of heifers fed the n-3 LC-PUFA diet (beta(1) = 053 +/- 0.089, beta(0) = -031, R-2 = 0.83, P < 0.001). The results of this study show that the n-3 LC-PUFA can be readily increased through targeted supplementation and that plasma concentrations of n-3 LC-PUFA are useful predictors of their concentrations in a number of economically important tissues. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of The Animal Consortium.
Health benefits and potential risks related to consumption of fish or fish oil; The nutritional benefits of fish consumption relate to the utilization of proteins of high biological value, as well as certain minerals and vitamins that fish provide. Fish or fish oil contains omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that appear to play several useful roles for human health. Conversely, some carcinogenic contaminants are also stored in the adipose tissue of fish. The objective of this paper is to evaluate the potential health benefits and risks related to the consumption of fish or fish oil. Health benefits related to the consumption of fish or omega-3 PUFAs were obtained by an extensive literature search. Potential health risks related to carcinogenic contaminants (e.g., dioxin, PCB, etc.) in fish were estimated using the U.S. EPA-approved cancer risk assessment guidelines. Potential health risk estimates were evaluated by comparing them with the acceptable excess risk level of 10(-6)-10(-4). Scientific data indicate that the consumption of fish or fish oil containing omega-3 PUFAs reduces the risk of coronary heart disease, decreases mild hypertension, and prevents certain cardiac arrhythmias and sudden death. Risk estimates in humans for carcinogenic environmental contaminants in fish ranged from an excess risk level of 3 x 10(-6)-9 x 10(-4). These risk estimates appeared to meet the acceptable excess risk level criteria. Therefore, consumption of fish in accordance with the State of Michigan Fish Advisory Guidelines is safe and should be encouraged. The top I I fish species [e.g., sardines, mackerel, herring (Atlantic and Pacific), lake trout, salmon (Chinook, Atlantic, and Sockeye), anchovy (European), sablefish, and bluefish] provide an adequate amount of omega-3 PUFAs (2.7-7.5g/meal) and appear to meet the nutritional recommendation of the American Heart Association. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Low levels of plasma omega 3-polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with cerebral small vessel diseases in acute ischemic stroke patients; Cerebral small vessel diseases (SVDs) are related to stroke or cognitive dysfunction. n-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) represent possible disease-modifying factors for cardiovascular disease or dementia. Our hypothesis was that a low proportion of plasma FAs would be associated with cerebral SVDs. We prospectively enrolled 220 patients with a first-episode cerebral infarction within 7 days after symptom onset. The composition of plasma FAs was analyzed by gas chromatography methods. The presence and burden of cerebral microbleeds (CMBs), high-grade white matter changes (HWCs), high-grade perivascular spaces (HPVSs), and asymptomatic lacunar infarctions (ALIs) were investigated. The mean proportion (+/- SD) was 2.0 +/- 0.7 for EPA, 8.9 +/- 1.5 for DHA, and 12.0 +/- 2.1 for Sigma n-3-PUFAs. In total, 46 (20.9%) patients had CMBs, 64 (29.1 %) had HWCs, 57 (25.9%) had HPVSs, and 65 (29.5%) had ALIs. In univariate analyses, CMBs, HWCs, and HPVSs were each negatively correlated with the proportion of EPA, DHA, and Sigma n-3-PUFAs. In the multivariate analysis, a lower proportion of EPA, DHA and Sigma n-3-PUFAs was associated with the presence of CMBs, HWCs and HPVS, but not ALIs. Total SVDs score was inversely correlated with the proportion of EPA, DHA and Sigma n-3-PUFAs. Overall, we found an association between low proportions of plasma n-3-PUFAs and cerebral SVDs pathologies. Further studies are needed to explore the association and potential therapeutic role of FAs in cerebral SVDs. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Low Docosahexaenoic Acid, Dihomo-Gamma-Linolenic Acid, and Arachidonic Acid Levels Associated with Long-Term Mortality in Patients with Acute Decompensated Heart Failure in Different Nutritional Statuses; The clinical significance of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF) in various nutritional statuses remains unclear. For this study, we enrolled 267 patients with ADHF admitted to the cardiac intensive care unit at Juntendo University hospital between April 2012 and March 2014. The association between long-term mortality, the geriatric nutritional risk index (GNRI), and levels of PUFAs, including eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and arachidonic acid (AA) was investigated. The median age was 73 (64-82) years, and mortality was 29% (62 patients). The event-free survival rates for all-cause death were higher in patients with high PUFA levels or GNRI than in those with low PUFA levels or GNRI (p < 0.05 for all). In particular, high DGLA in the low-GNRI group and high DHA or AA in the high-GNRI group were associated with high event-free survival (p < 0.05 for all). After accounting for confounding variables, DHA, DGLA, and AA, but not EPA, were associated with long-term mortality (p < 0.01 for all). This study concludes that in patients with ADHF, decreased levels of DHA, DGLA, and AA are independently associated with long-term mortality in the various nutritional statuses.
Omega-3 fatty acid supply in pregnancy for risk reduction of preterm and early preterm birth: A position statement by the European Board and College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (EBCOG); Pre-term birth is associated with significant neonatal morbidity and mortality. Pre-term births are associated with significant health and neuro-developmental risks in childhood and adulthood. Women with multiple pregnancies are at much higher risks. Low levels of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) are associated with higher risk of pre-term labour and increased consumption of foods rich in omega-3 PUFA or supplements are associated with a 11 % and 42 % risk reduction of early and late preterm births, respectively.
Effect of different levels of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids rich fish oil supplementation on the ovarian and endometrial functions in the goat (<i>Capra hircus</i>); Decreasing the ratio of n-6 to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) through dietary manipulation improves the reproductive functions in the dairy cow. This study was conducted to determine the effect of dietary supplementation of n-3 PUFA rich fish oil that provided different levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to determine the optimum dose with respect to endometrial and ovarian functions in the doe. Normal cyclic goats (n = 20) were divided into four groups (n = 5/group) and the fish oil was supplemented for 55 days such that EPA and DHA content were 0, 72, 156 and 312 mg/Kg body weight for CON, LOW, MED and HIGH groups, respectively. The diet was made isonitrogenous and isocaloric. Estrus was synchronized by two PG regimen at 11 days apart with first PG on day 25 of supplementation. Experimental does were observed from second PG till day 17 post-estrus. Ovarian ultrasound revealed that the follicular attributes were comparable among the groups; however, the diameter of CL on day 5 post-estrus was significantly larger in the MED group. Fish oil supplementation even at the lowest dose significantly decreased the serum estradiol (E-2) and basal as well as oxytocin (OXT) induced PGFM during the late luteal phase of the estrous cycle (P < 0.05). Further, the MED group showed a significant decrease in the serum E-2 on day 17 post-estrus as compared to LOW group. A significant increase in the progesterone (P-4) on day 14 post-estrus was recorded in the MED group. Neither the effect of treatment nor time was significant either on day 16 or 17 post-estrus with respect to PGEM following OXT challenge (P > 0.05). It is concluded that the dietary fish oil inhibited OXT induced PGF(2 alpha), release and decreased E-2 during the late luteal phase of the estrous cycle in the doe, which will have a favourable effect on the maternal recognition of pregnancy. In addition, MED level (156 mg/Kg body weight) increased the CL size and circulating P-4 during the luteal phase.
Effect of echium oil combined with phytosterols on biomarkers of atherosclerosis in LDLr-knockout mice: Echium oil is a potential alternative to marine oils for use in functional foods; Bioactive compounds may be an alternative approach to prevent atherosclerosis. To evaluate this hypothesis, LDLr-knockout mice were supplemented with omega-3 fatty acids from Echium oil (10.24mg/d of oil with 1,14mg/d of SDA and 9.06mg/d of ALA) equivalent to 0.7mg/d of EPA after conversion, combined or not with phytosterols (0.76mg/d), during the first 2 months of life. Subsequently, dyslipidaemia was induced by a high-fat diet for the following 2 months. Echium oil, isolated or combined with phytosterols, improved lipid profile in plasma reducing triacylglycerol (90.37.6mg/dL) and VLDL-c (18.01.5mg/dL) concentrations when compared with Control (115.8 +/- 9.4mg/dL and 23.2 +/- 1.9mg/dL, respectively). Echium oil also increased catalase (5.66 +/- 0.13U/mg protein) while Echium oil combined with phytosterol increased glutathione peroxidase activity (26.27 +/- 0.10U/mg protein) when compared with Control (5.18 +/- 0.10U/mg protein and 25.31 +/- 0.16U/mg protein, respectively). In addition, groups receiving Echium oil have reduced malondialdehyde concentration in liver (p=0.05). However, no difference was observed in fatty streak lesions when compared with Control. Isolated phytosterols did not change cholesterol absorption and increased lesion area compared with control group. This result can be associated with the high dose applied in the first step of supplementation and with the form of supplementation (gavage). Practical applications: One factor that contributes to the number of deaths from cardiovascular disease is that pharmacological interventions usually start too late in life. For this reason, functional foods development is a very important strategy to prevent atherosclerosis, since their inclusion in diet can start much earlier. However, it represents a challenge because many physiological responses from chronic consumption of bioactive compounds are still unknown. In this study, considering the positive results on triglyceridemia and oxidative stress biomarkers, we suggest that Echium oil can be an alternative for development of functional foods. We selected Echium oil due to its higher proportion of stearidonic fatty acids (pro-EPA) and lower sensory limitation than marine oils. Echium oil improves lipid profile and reduces oxidative stress, while phytosterol increases fatty streak.
The Relationship Between Nutrition and Atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is the basic pathological process of many diseases, such as coronary atherosclerosis and stroke. Nutrients can affect the occurrence and development of atherosclerosis. At present, in nutrition science, the research on atherosclerosis focuses on which nutrients play an important role in its prevention strategy, and what are the possible mechanisms of its action. In the current study, the process of atherosclerosis can be affected by adjusting the proportion of nutrients in the diet. In this review, we pay attention to the effects of phytosterols, omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids, polyphenol, vitamin, and other nutrients on atherosclerosis, pay attention to their current epidemiological status, current nutritional research results, and prevention or a possible mechanism to reduce the risk of development of atherosclerosis. So that more personalized nutritional approaches may be more effective in terms of nutritional intervention responses to atherosclerosis.
Long-term fish consumption and n-3 fatty acid intake in relation to (sudden) coronary heart disease death:: the Zutphen study; To assess the relationship between fish consumption or eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)+docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake from fish, and (sudden) coronary death.
SENSITIVITY OF STAPHYLOCOCCI TO FATTY-ACIDS - NOVEL INACTIVATION OF LINOLENIC ACID BY SERUM; The inhibition of coagulase-negative staphylococci and Staphylococcus aureus of human or animal origin by most free fatty acids was similar but coagulase-positive staphylococci were sensitive and coagulase-negative cultures were resistant to linolenic acid. Animal strains of S. aureus were more sensitive to linolenic acid than were human strains. These differences were reflected in the relative abilities of the 3 categories of strains to survive on human skin. The antibacterial effects of 20 mg of linolenic acid were inactivated by 1 ml of serum in vitro. A test organism seeded on to skin also survived better if first suspended in serum. The mechanism of the interaction between serum and linolenic acid may be due to a detergent effect of the serum and could account for colonization of diseased skin with S. aureus. Cultures of S. aureus seeded onto human skin were rapidly killed after the skin was covered with linolenic acid. The possibility of therapeutic use of linolenic acid as an antibacterial agent should be explored.
Highly unsaturated fatty acid induced tumor regression in glioma pharmacodynamics and bioavailability of gamma linolenic acid in an implantation glioma model: effects on tumour biomass, apoptosis and neuronal tissue histology; Highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFAs) are naturally occurring anti-tumour agents. HUFAs act as intracellular signalling molecules in cell proliferation and death. Inhuman glioma, HUFAs may stimulate tumour regression and apoptosis. An implantation glioma model, using the C6 glioma cell line, was used to investigate the bioactivity of locally infused n-6 HUFA gamma linolenic acid (GLA). Rat brains (15 normal and 37 C6 tumour bearing) were infused with vehicle or GLA 200 muM-2 mM. The most active local concentration of GLA for anti-tumour activity was 2 mM, infused at 1 mul/h over 7 days. Tumour regression, increased apoptosis and decreased proliferation were observed in tumours of rats infused with this concentration of GLA. Little effect on normal neuronal tissue was detected. The intraparenchymal route was an effective method of GLA administration in the treatment of glioma. These studies provide further insights into the potential role of HUFAs as anti-glioma agents. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Traditional and alternative nutrition -: levels of homocysteine and lipid parameters in adults; Values of homocysteine and lipid parameters were measured in groups of adults consuming alternative nutrition (vegetarians/lactoovo/, vegans) and compared with a group consuming traditional diet (omnivores, general population). Frequency of hyperhomocysteinemia was 53% in the vegans group, 28% in vegetarians vs. 5% in omnivores. In conditions of lower methionine intake (reduced content in plant proteins), the remethylation pathway of homocysteine metabolism prevails and it is vitamin B12 and folate-dependent. The intake of vitamin B12 is equal to zero in vegans; vegetarians consume 124% of the RDA vs. 383% in omnivores. Serum vitamin levels are significantly lower in subjects consuming alternative nutrition with deficiency observed in 24% of vegetarians, 78% of vegans vs. 0% in omnivores. Serum folate levels are within the reference range in all groups. Mild hyperhomocysteinemia in the groups consuming alternative diet is a consequence of vitamin B12 deficiency. Vegetarians and vegans meet the RDA for energy and fat, and have a favourable proportion of saturated, mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids on total energy intake; the ratio of linoleic/alpha -linolenic acid in their diet corresponds with the recommendations. They have low cholesterol consumption and higher vitamin E and C intake. Optimal fat intake of correct composition is reflected in lower values of atherosclerosis risk factors (cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, atherogenic index, saturated fatty acids, triacylglycerols), and significantly higher levels of protective substances (linoleic acid, alpha -linolenic acid, HDL-cholesterol, vitamin E, vitamin E/cholesterol, vitamin C). Low lipid risk factors but higher findings of mild hyperhomocysteinemia in vegetarians mean a diminished protective effect of alternative nutrition in cardiovascular disease prevention.
Chia Seed Oil Prevents High Fat Diet Induced Hyperlipidemia and Oxidative Stress in Mice; Hyperlipidemia is a common cardiovascular disease. At present, the influence of high fat diet (HFD) on this is being explored. Recently, vegetable oils rich in omega-3 have been reported that can treat hyperlipidemia caused by HFD. However, the effects of chia seed oil (CSO) on HFD-induced hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress are poorly studied. Hence, in this study, the effects of CSO on hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress induced by HFD in mice are analyzed by various commercial kits, section staining, and protein expression. The results show that CSO decreases body weight and organ index. Meanwhile, CSO reduces serum lipid levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. It can also elevate superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities and reduce malondialdehyde content in serum and liver. The results of histopathological analysis prove that CSO improves hepatic steatosis and reduces lipid deposition. Further, the results of western blot demonstrate that CSO upregulates the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1a in the liver. As a result, CSO may be a potential lipid-lowering oil to prevent and treat HFD-induced hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress.
Transcriptome-based identification of antioxidative gene expression after fish oil supplementation in normo- and dyslipidemic men; Background: The beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), especially in dyslipidemic subjects with a high risk of cardiovascular disease, are widely described in the literature. A lot of effects of n-3 PUFAs and their oxidized metabolites are triggered by regulating the expression of genes. Currently, it is uncertain if the administration of n-3 PUFAs results in different expression changes of genes related to antioxidative mechanisms in normo- and dyslipidemic subjects, which may partly explain their cardioprotective effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation on expression changes of genes involved in oxidative processes.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Body mass interacts with fat quality to determine the postprandial lipoprotein response in healthy young adults; Background and aims: Postprandial lipemia predicts the evolution of cardiovascular disease. Obesity is associated with an increase in the magnitude of postprandial lipemia. Our objective was to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the effects of acute ingestion of different types of fat on the postprandial lipemic response.
Decreased severity of ovarian cancer and increased survival in hens fed a flaxseed-enriched diet for 1 year; Objective. With the exception of the laying hen, no other animal model of spontaneous ovarian surface epithelial cancer replicates the human disease. Flaxseed is the richest vegetable source of omega-3 fatty acids, which are chemopreventive in breast cancer and may be important in other cancers. The objective of this study was to determine if a flaxseed-enriched diet had a chemopreventive effect on ovarian cancer in the laying hen.
Impact of Vitamin D3 Versus Placebo on Cardiac Structure and Function: A Randomized Clinical Trial; BACKGROUND: Vitamin D supplementation leads to regression of left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and improves LV function in animal models. However, limited data exist from prospective human studies. We examined whether vitamin D supplementation improved cardiac structure and function in midlife/older individuals in a large randomized trial.
Significance of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in human health; In the last decades, the development of new technologies applied to lipidomics has revitalized the analysis of lipid profile alterations and the understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms of lipid metabolism, together with their involvement in the occurrence of human disease. Of particular interest is the study of omega-3 and omega-6 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs), notably EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid, 20:5n-3), DHA (docosahexaenoic acid, 22:6n-3), and ARA (arachidonic acid, 20:4n-6), and their transformation into bioactive lipid mediators. In this sense, new families of PUFA-derived lipid mediators, including resolvins derived from EPA and DHA, and protectins and maresins derived from DHA, are being increasingly investigated because of their active role in the "return to homeostasis" process and resolution of inflammation. Recent findings reviewed in the present study highlight that the omega-6 fatty acid ARA appears increased, and omega-3 EPA and DHA decreased in most cancer tissues compared to normal ones, and that increments in omega-3 LC-PUFAs consumption and an omega-6/omega-3 ratio of 2-4:1, are associated with a reduced risk of breast, prostate, colon and renal cancers. Along with their lipid-lowering properties, omega-3 LC-PUFAs also exert cardioprotective functions, such as reducing platelet aggregation and inflammation, and controlling the presence of DHA in our body, especially in our liver and brain, which is crucial for optimal brain functionality. Considering that DHA is the principal omega-3 FA in cortical gray matter, the importance of DHA intake and its derived lipid mediators have been recently reported in patients with major depressive and bipolar disorders, Alzheimer disease, Parkinson's disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The present study reviews the relationships between major diseases occurring today in the Western world and LC-PUFAs. More specifically this review focuses on the dietary omega-3 LC-PUFAs and the omega-6/omega-3 balance, in a wide range of inflammation disorders, including autoimmune diseases. This review suggests that the current recommendations of consumption and/or supplementation of omega-3 FAs are specific to particular groups of age and physiological status, and still need more fine tuning for overall human health and well being.
Saturated fat, carbohydrates and cardiovascular disease; The dietary intake of saturated fatty acids (SAFA) is associated with a modest increase in serum total cholesterol, but not with cardiovascular disease (CVD). Replacing dietary SAFA with carbohydrates (CHO), notably those with a high glycaemic index, is associated with an increase in CVD risk in observational cohorts, while replacing SAFA with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is associated with reduced CVD risk. However, replacing a combination of SAFA and trans-fatty acids with n-6 PUFA (notably linoleic acid) in controlled trials showed no indication of benefit and a signal toward increased coronary heart disease risk, suggesting that n-3 PUFA may be responsible for the protective association between total PUFA and CVD. High CHO intakes stimulate hepatic SAFA synthesis and conservation of dietary SAFA. Hepatic de novo lipogenesis from CHO is also stimulated during eucaloric dietary substitution of SAFA by CHO with high glycaemic index in normo-insulinaemic subjects and during hypocaloric high-CHO/low-fat diets in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. The accumulation of SAFA stimulates chronic systemic low-grade inflammation through its mimicking of bacterial lipopolysaccharides and/or the induction of other pro-inflammatory stimuli. The resulting systemic low-grade inflammation promotes insulin resistance, reallocation of energy-rich substrates and atherogenic dyslipidaemia that concertedly give rise to increased CVD risk. We conclude that avoidance of SAFA accumulation by reducing the intake of CHO with high glycaemic index is more effective in the prevention of CVD than reducing SAFA intake per se.
Dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of heart failure - A population-based prospective cohort study; Background: Beneficial effects of fish consumption on heart failure (HF) may be modified by contaminants in fish. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are of particular concern as they have been associated with well-established risk factors of HF, but current data are limited.
Evidence for potential mechanisms for the effect of conjugated linoleic acid on tumor metabolism and immune function: lessons from n-3 fatty acids; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and the long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids have been shown in vivo and in vitro to reduce tumor growth. Tumor growth could occur by slowing or stopping cell replication (by interfering with transition through the cell cycle), increasing cell death (via necrosis and/or apoptosis), or both. The anticancer effects of fatty acids, shown in vivo, could also be mediated by effects on the host's immune system. Although it is widely recognized that n - 3 fatty acids can alter immune and inflammatory responses, considerably less is known about CLA. For n-3 fatty acids, several candidate mechanisms have been proposed for their immune effects, including changes in 1) membrane structure and composition, 2) membrane-mediated functions and signals (eg, proteins, eicosanoids), 3) gene expression, and 4) immune development. Considerable work has been done that shows the potential importance of CLA as an anticancer treatment; however, many questions remain as to how this effect occurs. This review summarizes the CLA and cancer literature and then uses the evidence for the anticancer immune and tumor properties of the long-chain n-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids to suggest future research directions for mechanistic studies on CLA and cancer.
Effect of dietary soluble fibre level and n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio on digestion and health in growing rabbits; The aim of this work was to study whether the dietary supplementation with soluble fibre (SF) and the reduction of the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio or the combination of both influence the digestion and immune response in young rabbits after weaning. Four diets in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement were used with two levels of SF (78 vs. 130 g/kg, on dry matter basis; high soluble fiber [HSF] and low soluble fiber [LSF]) and two different n-6/n-3 fatty acids ratio (13.4/1 vs. 3.5/1). Rabbits (New Zealand white X California hybrid) came from multiparous rabbit does fed with the same diets described. Two experiments were carried out to study the mortality during fattening of group-caged rabbits fed the experimental diets from 26 to 39 days of age and then a common commercial diet using 517 rabbits weaned at 26 days of age, or fed the commercial diet during the whole fattening period to test the potential influence of the experimental diets when offered only before weaning (using 833 rabbits). In a third experiment, faecal digestibility (39-42 days of age; 56 rabbits) and soft faeces excretion were determined. In a fourth experiment, ileal digesta was collected at 39 days of age to determine the nutrient ileal digestibility (using 224 rabbits), weight of digestive organs, caecal pH (using 144 rabbits) and mucosa from the ileum and appendix to study the immune response (32 rabbits). Mortality decreased (P = 0.049) in rabbits fed the HSF diets until the first phase of fattening, with no influence of the n-6/n-3 ratio, whereas no differences were observed among treatment groups fed with the experimental diets only before weaning. The increase of SF improved the ileal and faecal digestibility of total dietary fibre (TDF; P <= 0.029). The increase of the n-6/n-3 ratio impaired the faecal TDF and soluble fibre digestibility only in rabbits fed low SF diets (P < 0.05). Rabbits fed high SF diets tended to have a higher ileal starch digestibility and ileal flow of mucins compared with those fed low SF diets (P <= 0.064). Rabbits fed HSF diets showed a lower ileal MUC-13 and iNOS gene expression P <= 0.046) than those fed LSF diets. In conclusion, the increase of the level of SF reduced the mortality rate probably due to an improved intestinal health, whereas the incorporation of n-3 fatty acids showed no relevant effects.
Changing the Paradigm: Omegaven for the Treatment of Liver Failure in Pediatric Short Bowel Syndrome; Background: Parenteral omega-3 fatty acids, such as Omegaven, may benefit patients with pediatric short bowel syndrome (SBS) who develop parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease (PNALD).
Omega-6 fats for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY ACID-INDUCED CYTO-TOXICITY AGAINST TUMOR-CELLS AND ITS RELATIONSHIP TO LIPID-PEROXIDATION; The contribution of lipid peroxidation to the killing of human breast cancer cells by gamma-linolenate (GLA) was examined. Other fatty acids of different cytotoxic potential containing 2, 4, 5, and 6 double bonds were also tested for comparison. It was found that the cytotoxic potential varied with the ability of the fatty acids to stimulate the production of superoxide radicals. Neither hydrogen peroxide nor hydroxy radicals are significantly involved in cell killing. As nonspecific indicators of lipid peroxidation, measurements of the loss of unsaturated fatty acid in the phospholipids together with the generation of hydroperoxide breakdown products were done with the use of the thiobarbituric acid test. The results of these experiments showed that the effectiveness of a given fatty acid in killing cancer cells correlated with the intracellular thiobarbituric acid-reactive material(TBARM) content: GLA and arachidonate with 3 and 4 double bonds generated the most TBARM and were the  most cytotoxic fatty acids, whereas docosahexaenoate with 6 double bonds was the least effective either in raising TBARM or in killing the malignant cells. Iron and copper accelerated the rate of cell death, whereas antidoxidants such as vitamin E and butylated hydroxyanisole inhibited the effect of GLA dose dependently. Indomethacin, an inhibitor of endoperoxide formation, did not reduce either cell kill or TBARM amounts. In contrast, the addition of vitamin E acetate to the cancer cell cultures challenged with eicosapentaenoate reduced both cell killing and TBARM content. These results suggest that the effectiveness of a given fatty acid in killing cancer cells correlated with the extent of lipid peroxidation of the added fatty acid in the cells.
Cardiovascular and cancer mortality in relation to dietary polychlorinated biphenyls and marine polyunsaturated fatty acids: a nutritional-toxicological aspect of fish consumption; Background Co-exposure to environmental contaminants present in fish could mitigate the beneficial effects of fish consumption and possibly explain the lack of association observed for mortality in some geographical regions. Objective To assess the independent associations of dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and long-chain omega-3 fish fatty acids intake with cardiovascular and cancer mortality. Methods We used the prospective population-based Swedish Mammography Cohort and the Cohort of Swedish Men comprising 32 952 women and 36 545 men, free from cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes at baseline in 1998. Validated estimates of dietary PCBs and long-chain omega-3 fish fatty acids [i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)] intake were obtained via a food frequency questionnaire at baseline. Information on death was ascertained through register linkage. Results During a mean follow-up of 15.5 years, we ascertained 16 776 deaths. We observed for cardiovascular mortality, comparing extreme quintiles in multivariable models mutually adjusted for PCBs and EPA-DHA, dose-dependent associations for dietary PCB exposure, hazard ratio (HR) 1.31 (CI 95%: 1.08 to 1.57; P-trend 0.005) and for dietary EPA-DHA intake, HR 0.79 (CI 95%: 0.66 to 0.95; P-trend 0.041). For cancer mortality, no clear associations were discerned. Conclusion The beneficial effect of fish consumption on the cardiovascular system seems compromised by co-exposure to PCBs - one likely explanation for the inconsistent associations observed between fish consumption and mortality.
The anti-arrhythmic effects of <i>n</i>-3 PUFAs; In the past years, in vitro and animal studies have demonstrated several direct and indirect anti-arrhythmic effects of n - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n - 3 PUFAs), at least in part mediated by anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory and antifibrotic properties. Several epidemiological and clinical studies have been conducted to investigate the eventual benefits of fish oils in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. The aim of this paper is to critically review current evidence on the anti-arrhythmic effects of n - 3 PUFAs in the prevention of sudden cardiac death (SCD) and atrial fibrillation (AF). Published data are conflicting, but some benefits have been reported in the prevention of SCD after myocardial infarction and of AF, generally after long-course administration. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fish consumption and cardiovascular disease: A reappraisal; Fish consumption has been suggested to reduce morbidity and mortality of cardiovascular diseases. The epidemiological studies, however, are not consistent and probably reflect the complexity of evaluating the effects of individual fatty acids (FA) on the basis of the total dietary fatty acid composition. Experimental models in animals, evaluating the effects on athero-thrombogenesis, indicate that dietary omega-3 FA could inhibit both processes. In men fish consumption or intake of omega-3 FA modulates a series of established or possible risk factors for the development of coronary heart disease. Secondary prevention trials are few but promising and the side effect so far seem to be negligible. The introduction of omega-3 FA on the scenario of coronary heart disease has given new and important aspects on our continuous fight against this serious threat to life.
Do triglyceride-lowering drugs decrease risk of cardiovascular disease?; Purpose of review
Effect of Seasons on Fatty Acid Composition and n-3/n-6 Ratios of Muscle Lipids of Some Fish Species in Apa Dam Lake, Turkey; This study was designed to determinate the effect of hot and cold seasons on fatty acid composition and n-3/n-6 ratios of Cyprinus,carpio, Sander lucioperca, Carassius gibelio and Leuciscus lepidus dorsal muscle lipids in Apa Dam Lake, Turkey by gas chromatographic method. Major saturated fatty acid (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) were palmitic acid, oleic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in L. lepidus, C. gibelio and S. lucioperca, respectively. The total PUFA percentage was higher than the total SPA and MUFA percentages in all species except for C. gibelio and C. carpio in summer . The total amount of n-3 fatty acids was higher than that of n-6 fatty acids in all species. The highest percentage of total n-3 fatty acids among these species was observed in S. lucioperca in winter. Especially, the ratio of n-3/n-6 PUFAs with nutritional importance for human health was 3.19 in winter in S. lucioperca. Additionally, the fatty acid composition of these fish species was affected by seasonal differences at statistical significance level (p<0.05) with regard to some fatty acids.
Effect of dietary soluble fibre and n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio on growth performance and nitrogen and energy retention efficiency in growing rabbits; The aim of this work was to study whether the dietary supplementation with soluble fibre (SF) and the reduction of the n-6/n-3 fatty acid ratio or the combination of both influence the growth performance and digestible nitrogen and energy (DN and DE) retention efficiency in rabbits from 27 to 62 d of age. Four diets in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement were used with two levels of SF (7.8 vs. 13.0%, on DM basis, LSF vs. HSF) and two different n-6/n-3 ratio (13.4/1 vs. 3.5/1, Hn-6/n-3 vs. Ln-6/n-3). Nitrogen and energy retention in the body and in the carcass were determined by bioelectrical impedance. The increase of SF reduced the mortality (38.3 vs. 24.1%; P = 0.018), with no effect of the n-6/n-3 ratio. The feed efficiency in the whole experimental period (27-62 d of age) improved with the increase of the level of SF (+3.5%; P = 0.003) and the reduction of the n-6/n-3 (+2%; P <= 0.048). The increase of SF decreased the ratio DN/DE (-2%; P = 0.035). The increase of SF and the reduction of the n-6/n-3 ratio reduced the DN intake (-4%. P <= 0.030). However, the amount of nitrogen retained in the body or in the carcass was not affected by treatments (P >= 0.26). Consequently, the increase of dietary SF and the reduction of the n-6/n-3 ratio improved the retention of DN in the body and in the carcass (between 3.4 and 5.4%. P <= 0.017). It was associated with a reduction of the urinary nitrogen excretion in HSF respect to LSF groups (-13%; P = 0.004) and in Ln-6/n-3 respect to Hn-6/n-3 groups (-12%; P = 0.006). In contrast, the increase of SF increased the faecal nitrogen excretion (+5%; P = 0.004). Treatments had no effect on DE intake and on body and carcass energy retention (P >= 0.13). The increase of SF improved the body and carcass DE retention efficiency (+3%. P <= 0.042). It was mainly due to the impairment observed in rabbis fed LSF_Hn-6/n-3 respect to those fed LSF_Ln-6/n-3 diet (P = 0.071). In conclusion, the increase of SF improved the survival of fattening rabbits, with no influence of the n-6/n-3 ratio, and both factors especially improved the efficiency of DN but also the DE retained in the body and in the carcass.
Single-Dose SDA-Rich Echium Oil Increases Plasma EPA, DPAn3, and DHA Concentrations; The omega-3 (n3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with health benefits. The primary dietary source of EPA and DHA is seafood. Alpha-linoleic acid (ALA) has not been shown to be a good source for EPA and DHA; however, stearidonic acid (SDA)-which is naturally contained in echium oil (EO)-may be a more promising alternative. This study was aimed at investigating the short-term n3 PUFA metabolism after the ingestion of a single dose of EO. Healthy young male subjects (n = 12) ingested a single dose of 26 g of EO after overnight fasting. Plasma fatty acid concentrations and relative amounts were determined at baseline and 2, 4, 6, 8, 24, 48, and 72 h after the ingestion of EO. During the whole examination period, the participants received standardized nutrition. Plasma ALA and SDA concentrations increased rapidly after the single dose of EO. Additionally, EPA and DPAn3 concentrations both increased significantly by 47% after 72 h compared to baseline; DHA concentrations also significantly increased by 21% after 72 h. To conclude, EO increases plasma ALA, SDA, EPA, DPAn3, and DHA concentrations and may be an alternative source for these n3 PUFAs.
Nutritional factors in the prevention and management of coronary artery disease and heart failure; Nutritional factors such as magnesium, folic acid, vitamins B-12 and B-6, L-arginine, and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) appear to be significantly beneficial for patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), and in the prevention and arresting the progression of HF and cardiac arrhythmias. Additionally, ingestion of adequate amounts of protein and maintaining normal concentrations of plasma albumin seem to be essential for these patients. These nutrients closely interact with the metabolism of L-arginine-nitric oxide (NO) system, essential fatty acids, and eicosanoids such that beneficial products such as NO, prostaglandin E-1, prostacyclin, prostaglandin I-3, lipoxins, resolvins, and protectins are generated and synthesis of proinflammatory cytokines is suppressed that results in platelet anti-aggregation, vasodilation, angiogenesis, and prevention of CAD, cardiac arrhythmias, and stabilization of HF. This implies that individuals at high risk for CAD, cardiac arrhythmias, and HF and those who have these diseases need to be screened for plasma levels of magnesium, folic acid, vitamins B-12 and B-6, L-arginine, NO, various PUFAs, lipoxin A(4), resolvins, protectins, asymmetrical dimethylarginine (an endogenous inhibitor of NO), albumin, and various eicosanoids and cytokines and correct their abnormalities to restore normal physiology. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Resolvin E1 heals injured cardiomyocytes: Therapeutic implications and H-FABP as a readout for cardiovascular disease & systemic inflammation; The purpose of this study is to investigate heart-fatty acid binding protein (H-FABP) leakage from cardiomyocytes as a quantitative measure of cell membrane damage and to test healing by Resolvin E1 (RVE1) as a potential therapeutic for patients with inflammatory diseases (cardiovascular disease and comorbidities) with high morbidity and mortality. Our quantitative ELISA assays demonstrated H-FABP as a sensitive and reliable biomarker for measuring cardiomyocyte damage induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and healing by RvE1, a specialized pro-resolving mediator (SPM) derived from the Omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), a dietary nutrient that balances inflammation to restore homeostasis. RvE1 reduced leakage of H-FABP by up to 86%, which supports our hypothesis that inflammation as a mechanism of injury can be targeted for therapy. HFABP as a blood biomarker was tested in 40 patients admitted to Boston Medical Center for respiratory distress, (20 patients with and 20 patients without COVID infection). High levels of H-FABP correlated with clinically diagnosed CVD, diabetes, and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in both patient groups. The level of H-FABP indicates not only CVD damage but is a valuable measure for patients with increased inflammation disease comorbidities.
Identification and validation of platelet-related diagnostic markers and potential drug screening in ischemic stroke by integrating comprehensive bioinformatics analysis and machine learning; BackgroundIschemic stroke (IS), caused by blood and oxygen deprivation due to cerebral thrombosis, has links to activated and aggregated platelets. Discovering platelet-related biomarkers, developing diagnostic models, and screening antiplatelet drugs are crucial for IS diagnosis and treatment.Methods and resultsCombining and normalizing GSE16561 and GSE22255 datasets identified 1,753 upregulated and 1,187 downregulated genes. Fifty-one genes in the platelet-related module were isolated using weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA) and other analyses, including 50 upregulated and one downregulated gene. Subsequent enrichment and network analyses resulted in 25 platelet-associated genes and six diagnostic markers for a risk assessment model. This model's area under the ROC curve outperformed single genes, and in the peripheral blood of the high-risk group, immune infiltration indicated a higher proportion of CD4, resting CD4 memory, and activated CD4 memory T cells, along with a lower proportion of CD8 T cells in comparison to the low-risk group. Utilizing the gene expression matrix and the CMap database, we identified two potential drugs for IS. Finally, a rat MACO/R model was used to validate the diagnostic markers' expression and the drugs' predicted anticoagulant effects.ConclusionWe identified six IS platelet-related biomarkers (APP, THBS1, F13A1, SRC, PPBP, and VCL) for a robust diagnostic model. The drugs alpha-linolenic acid and ciprofibrate have potential antiplatelet effects in IS. This study advances early IS diagnosis and treatment.
Functional Lipids and Cardiovascular Disease Reduction: A Concise Review; Functional lipids are dietary substances that may have an impact on human health by lowering the risk of chronic illnesses and enhancing the quality of life. Numerous functional lipids have been reported to have potential health benefits in the prevention, management, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death in the United States. However, there is still insufficient and contradictory information in the literature about their effectiveness and associated mechanisms of action. The objective of this review, therefore, is to evaluate available literature regarding these functional lipids and their health benefits. Various studies have been conducted to understand the links between functional lipids and the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases. Recent studies on phytosterols have reported that CLA, medium-chain triglycerides, and omega-3 and 6 fatty acids have positive effects on human health. Also, eicosanoids, which are the metabolites of these fatty acids, are produced in relation to the ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and may modulate disease conditions. These functional lipids are available either in dietary or supplement forms and have been proven to be efficient, accessible, and inexpensive to be included in the diet. However, further research is required to properly elucidate the dosages, dietary intake, effectiveness, and their mechanisms of action in addition to the development of valid disease biomarkers and long-term effects in humans.
