Ferroptosis, radiotherapy, and combination therapeutic strategies; Ferroptosis, an iron-dependent form of regulated cell death driven by peroxidative damages of polyunsaturated-fatty-acid-containing phospholipids in cellular membranes, has recently been revealed to play an important role in radiotherapy-induced cell death and tumor suppression, and to mediate the synergy between radiotherapy and immunotherapy. In this review, we summarize known as well as putative mechanisms underlying the crosstalk between radiotherapy and ferroptosis, discuss the interactions between ferroptosis and other forms of regulated cell death induced by radiotherapy, and explore combination therapeutic strategies targeting ferroptosis in radiotherapy and immunotherapy. This review will provide important frameworks for future investigations of ferroptosis in cancer therapy.
Recent developments in pharmacotherapy for hypertriglyceridemia: what's the current state of the art?; Introduction: Hypertriglyceridemia is associated with both the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) when mild-to-moderate and high risk of pancreatitis when more severe. The residual CVD risk after low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering is, in part, attributed to high triglyceride (TG) levels. Therefore, there appears to be a need for effective TG-lowering agents. Areas covered: This review presents the most recent advances in hypertriglyceridemia treatment; specifically, it discusses the results of clinical trials and critically comments on apolipoprotein C-III inhibitors, angiopoietin-like 3 inhibitors, alipogene tiparvovec, pradigastat, pemafibrate and novel formulations of omega-3 fatty acids. Expert opinion: In the era of extreme lowering of LDL-C levels with several agents, there seems to be space for novel therapeutic options to combat parameters responsible for residual CVD risk, among which are elevated TGs. Furthermore, a significant number of individuals have very high TG levels and encounter the risk of acute pancreatitis. The most recently developed TG-lowering drugs appear to have a role in both conditions; the choice is mainly based on baseline TG levels. Dyslipidemia guidelines are likely to change in the near future to include some of these agents. Of course, long-term data regarding their safety and efficacy in terms of CVD outcomes and pancreatitis are warranted.
The Blood Plasma Lipidomic Profile in Atherosclerosis of the Brachiocephalic Arteries; According to the World Health Organization, ischemic stroke is the second leading cause of death in the world. Frequently, it is caused by brachiocephalic artery (BCA) atherosclerosis. Timely detection of atherosclerosis and its unstable course can allow for a timely response to potentially dangerous changes and reduce the risk of vascular complications. Omics technologies allow us to identify new biomarkers that we can use in diagnosing diseases. This research included 90 blood plasma samples. The study group comprised 52 patients with severe atherosclerotic lesions BCA, and the control group comprised 38 patients with no BCA atherosclerosis. Targeted and panoramic lipidomic profiling of their blood plasma was carried out. There was a statistically significant difference (p < 0.05) in the values of the indices saturated fatty acids (FAs), unsaturated FAs, monounsaturated FAs, omega-3, and omega-6. Based on the results on the blood plasma lipidome, we formed models that have a fairly good ability to determine atherosclerotic lesions of the brachiocephalic arteries, as well as a model for identifying unstable atherosclerotic plaques. According only to the panoramic lipidome data, divided into groups according to stable and unstable atherosclerotic plaques, a significant difference was taken into account: p value < 0.05 and abs (fold change) > 2. Unfortunately, we did not observe significant differences according to the established plasma panoramic lipidome criteria between patients with stable and unstable plaques. Omics technologies allow us to obtain data about any changes in the body. According to our data, statistically significant differences in lipidomic profiling were obtained when comparing groups with or without BCA atherosclerosis.
High prevalence of markers of coronary heart disease among Greenland Inuit; Objective: It is a common notion that coronary heart disease (CHD) is rare among the Inuit, possibly due to a high intake of omega-3-fatty acids. The scientific evidence for this is weak and to some extent based on uncertain mortality statistic. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of markers of CHD among Greenland Inuit, and to study associations between markers of CHD and behavioral and biological variables.
Nutritional management of rheumatoid arthritis: a review of the evidence; Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a debilitating disease and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis. Poor nutrient status in RA patients has been reported and some drug therapies, such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), prescribed to alleviate RA symptoms, may increase the requirement for some nutrients and reduce their absorption. This paper reviews the scientific evidence for the role of diet and nutrient supplementation in the management of RA, by alleviating symptoms, decreasing progression of the disease or by reducing the reliance on, or combating the side-effects of, NSAIDs. Supplementation with long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) consistently demonstrates an improvement in symptoms and a reduction in NSAID usage. Evidence relating to other fatty acids, antioxidants, zinc, iron, folate, other B vitamins, calcium, vitamin D and fluoride are also considered. The present evidence suggests that RA patients should consume a balanced diet rich in long-chain n-3 PUFA and antioxidants. More randomized long-term studies are needed to provide evidence for the benefits of specific nutritional supplementation and to determine optimum intake, particularly for n-3 PUFA and antioxidants.
Similarities and differences between the effects of EPA and DHA on markers of atherosclerosis in human subjects; We have reviewed effects of long chain (LC) n-3 PUFA on markers of atherosclerosis in human subjects with a focus on individual effects of EPA and DHA. Initial results from epidemiological studies suggested that LC n-3 PUFA from fish oils (FO) reduced incidence of CVD; those results have been confirmed in interventional studies. Dietary intervention with n-3 PUFA decreased fasting and postprandial TAG, number of remnant-like chylomicron particles, large VLDL, and total and small dense LDL particles. It increased mean size of LDL particles by increasing number of large and decreasing those of small dense particles. With some exceptions, n-3 PUFA decreased blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR), flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers. n-3 PUFA also decreased circulating adhesion molecules and intima-media thickness (IMT) in some but not other studies. For IMT, results varied with the sex and artery being examined. EPA effects on FMD are endothelial cell dependent, while those of DHA seem to be endothelial cell independent. Individually, both EPA and DHA decreased TAG and inflammatory markers, but only DHA decreased HR, BP and number of small dense LDL particles. Results varied because of dose and duration of n-3 PUFA, EPA: DHA, health status of subjects and other reasons. Future studies are needed to determine optimal doses of EPA and DHA individually, their synergistic, additive or antagonistic effects, and to understand underlying mechanisms. In conclusion, n-3 PUFA decreased several risk factors for atherosclerosis without any serious adverse effects.
n-3 PUFAs and heart failure; The risk of death of patients with heart failure (HF) is still too high in daily clinical practice despite the many progress that have occurred in the diagnosis and treatment of this syndrome that significantly reduce the mortality of these patients. Results of the GISSI-HF trial, the first and only large-scale clinical trial to date assessing the effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) in HF patients, showed that treatment of 100 patients saved almost 2 lives and prevented almost 2 cardiovascular hospitalisations, indicating that beneficial cardiovascular effects of n-3 PUFAs observed in other populations might also apply to patients with HF. Treatment with n-3 PUFAs may be considered as a new option to add to the shortlist of evidence-based life-prolonging therapies for HF, as suggested by the recent guidelines of the European Society of Cardiology. However, further large clinical trials are undoubtedly needed to give adequate answers to still open questions on the treatment of HF. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
DOES THE FORMULATION OF ENTERAL FEEDING PRODUCTS INFLUENCE INFECTIOUS MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY-RATES IN THE CRITICALLY ILL PATIENT - A CRITICAL-REVIEW OF THE EVIDENCE; Objective: To examine the relationship between the formulation of enteral nutrition and nosocomial infection in critical illness.
Lipid Peroxidation in Cardiac Mitochondrial Fraction of Rats Exposed to Different Supplementation with Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; The effect of diet supplementation with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) used at different ratios of omega-6/omega-3 on the content of primary (diene conjugates, DC; triene conjugates, TC), secondary (ketodienes, CD; coupled trienes, CT; TBA-active products) and terminal (Schiff bases) lipid peroxidation products (LPO) and generation of superoxide anion-radical was studied in rat cardiac mitochondrial fraction. The cardiac mitochondrial fraction of rats kept on a diet with a high content of omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs for eight weeks was characterized by increased content the primary, secondary and final LPO and a higher rate of superoxide radical formation. In the case of diet supplementation with omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs used at the ratio of 4 : 1, the leading factor determining LPO intensity in the cardiac mitochondrial fraction is a species PUFA composition rather than the degree of saturation.
Innovative Bioactive Products with Medicinal Value from Microalgae and Their Overall Process Optimization through the Implementation of Life Cycle Analysis-An Overview; Microalgae are being recognized as valuable sources of bioactive chemicals with important medical properties, attracting interest from multiple industries, such as food, feed, cosmetics, and medicines. This review study explores the extensive research on identifying important bioactive chemicals from microalgae, and choosing the best strains for nutraceutical manufacturing. It explores the most recent developments in recovery and formulation strategies for creating stable, high-purity, and quality end products for various industrial uses. This paper stresses the significance of using Life Cycle Analysis (LCA) as a strategic tool with which to improve the entire process. By incorporating LCA into decision-making processes, researchers and industry stakeholders can assess the environmental impact, cost-effectiveness, and sustainability of raw materials of several approaches. This comprehensive strategy will allow for the choosing of the most effective techniques, which in turn will promote sustainable practices for developing microalgae-based products. This review offers a detailed analysis of the bioactive compounds, strain selection methods, advanced processing techniques, and the incorporation of LCA. It will serve as a valuable resource for researchers and industry experts interested in utilizing microalgae for producing bioactive products with medicinal properties.
Nutritional advice for coronary and hypertensive patients; Nutritional recommendations constitute a major aspect of the long term management of coronary and hypertensive patients, for which the established evidence is more and more solid. The benefits are not limited solely to the impact on weight and lipid parameters.
Empagliflozin alters lipid metabolism in the myocardium and liver in a prediabetes model with severe dyslipidemia; Background and aims Recent studies suggest that empagliflozin reduces total and cardiovascular mortality in both diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. Although the exact mechanism is unclear, it is understood to positively affect myocardial energetics, including the metabolism of ketone bodies, lipids, and fatty acids. In this study, we compared empagliflozin effects on lipid metabolism in the heart and liver in a prediabetic rat model with severe dyslipidemia. Materials and methods Wistar rats served as the control group, while hereditary hypertriglyceridemic (HHTg) rats were used as a nonobese, prediabetic model. Rats were treated with or without empagliflozin at a dose of 10 mg/kg body weight (BW) for 8 weeks. Results In HHTg rats, empagliflozin decreased body weight and adiposity, improved glucose tolerance, and decreased serum triacylglycerols (TAGs) (p < 0.001). Empagliflozin decreased the activity and gene expression of the lipogenic enzyme SCD-1 (p < 0.001) in the myocardium, which may have led to a decrease in the ectopic accumulation of TAGs and lipotoxic diacylglycerols and lysophosphatidylcholines (p < 0.001). Changes in the myocardial phosphatidylcholine/phosphatidylethanolamine ratio (p < 0.01) and in the fatty acid profile of myocardial phospholipids may have contributed to the antifibrotic effects of empagliflozin. The anti-inflammatory effects of empagliflozin were evidenced by an increased IL-10/TNF alpha ratio (p < 0.001), a marked decrease in arachidonic acid metabolites (20-HETE, p < 0.001), and an increase in PUFA metabolites (14,15-EETs, p < 0.001) in the myocardium. However, empagliflozin did not significantly affect either the concentration or utilization of ketone bodies. In the liver, empagliflozin decreased lipogenesis and the accumulation of TAGs and lipotoxic intermediates. Its effect on arachidonic acid metabolites and alterations in n-3 PUFA metabolism was less pronounced than in the myocardium. Conclusion Our findings suggest that empagliflozin treatment in the heart and liver reduced the accumulation of neutral lipids and lipotoxic intermediates and altered the metabolism of n-3 PUFA. In the heart, empagliflozin altered arachidonic acid metabolism, which is likely associated with the anti-inflammatory and antifibrotic effects of the drug. We assume that these alterations in lipid metabolism contribute to the cardioprotective effects of empagliflozin in prediabetic states with severe dyslipidemia.
Dietary Strategies to Improve Cardiovascular Health: Focus on Increasing High-Density Lipoprotein Functionality; Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide, with increasing incidence. A cornerstone of cardiovascular disease prevention is lifestyle modification through dietary changes to influence various risk factors such as obesity, hypertension and diabetes. The effects of diet on cardiovascular health are complex. Some dietary components and metabolites directly affect the composition and structure of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) and increase anti-inflammatory and vasoprotective properties. HDLs are composed of distinct subpopulations of particles of varying size and composition that have several dynamic and context-dependent functions. The identification of potential dietary components that improve HDL functionality is currently an important research goal. One of the best-studied diets for cardiovascular health is the Mediterranean diet, consisting of fish, olive oil, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes/nuts, and moderate consumption of alcohol, most commonly red wine. The Mediterranean diet, especially when supplemented with extra virgin olive oil rich in phenolic compounds, has been shown to markedly improve metrics of HDL functionality and reduce the burden, or even prevent the development of cardiovascular disease. Particularly, the phenolic compounds of extra virgin olive oil seem to exert the significant positive effects on HDL function. Moreover, supplementation of anthocyanins as well as antioxidants such as lycopene or the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid improve parameters of HDL function. In this review, we aim to highlight recent discoveries on beneficial dietary patterns as well as nutritional components and their effects on cardiovascular health, focusing on HDL function.
Maresin 1 attenuates neuroinflammation in a mouse model of perioperative neurocognitive disorders; Background: Resolution of inflammation is an active and dynamic process after surgery. Maresin 1 (MaR1) is one of a growing number of specialised pro-resolving lipids biosynthesised by macrophages that regulates acute inflammation. We investigated the effects of MaR1 on postoperative neuroinflammation, macrophage activity, and cognitive function in mice.
<i>n</i>-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids throughout the cancer trajectory:: influence on disease incidence, progression, response to therapy and cancer-associated cachexia; Evidence from epidemiological studies suggests that diets rich in n-3 PUFA may be associated with reduced cancer risk. These observations have formed the rationale for exploring the mechanisms by which n-3 PUFA may be chemoprotective and have resulted in significant advances in our mechanistic understanding of n-3 PUFA action on tumour growth. Various interrelated and integrated mechanisms may be at work by which n-3 PUFA influence cancer at all stages of initiation, promotion, progression, and neoplastic transformation. More recently, experimental studies have reported enhanced tumour cell death with chemotherapy when fish oil is provided while toxic side effects to the host are reduced. Furthermore, cancer-associated wasting has been shown to be attenuated by fish oil supplementation. Clinical evidence suggests that the n-3 PUFA status of newly diagnosed cancer patients and individuals undergoing chemotherapy is low. Therefore, both the disease itself and therapeutic treatments may be contributing factors in the decline of n-3 PUFA status. Dietary supplementation to maintain and replenish n-3 PUFA status at key points in the cancer disease trajectory may provide additional health benefits and an enhanced quality of life. The present review will focus on and critically examine current research efforts related to the putative anti-cancer effects of n-3 PUFA and their suggested ability to palliate cancer-associated and treatment-associated symptoms.
The Effect of Nutrition on Aging-A Systematic Review Focusing on Aging-Related Biomarkers; Despite the increasing life expectancy, an individual's later years tends to be accompanied by a decrease in the quality of life. Though biological changes that occur through the natural process of aging cannot be controlled, the risk factors associated with lifestyle can. Thus, the main goal of this systematic review was to evaluate how nutrition can modulate aging. For this purpose, thirty-six studies were selected on (i) the efficiency of nutrition's effect on aging, (ii) the evaluation of biomarkers that promote healthy aging, and (iii) how to increase longevity through nutrition, and their quality was assessed. The results showed that choosing low carbohydrate diets or diets rich in vegetables, fruits, nuts, cereals, fish, and unsaturated fats, containing antioxidants, potassium, and omega-3 decreased cardiovascular diseases and obesity risk, protected the brain from aging, reduced the risk of telomere shortening, and promoted an overall healthier life. With this study, the conclusion is that since the biological processes of aging cannot be controlled, changing one's nutritional patterns is crucial to prevent the emergence and development of diseases, boost longevity, and, mostly, to enhance one's quality of life and promote healthy aging.
Lipid composition of mononuclear cell membranes and serum from persons with high or low levels of serum HDL cholesterol; High density lipoprotein (HDL) levels have been shown to be inversely correlated with the incidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). Since we have previously found that peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from persons with high (n=10) or low HDL (n=10) have different functional properties, we wanted to examine the PBMC membrane lipid composition and fluidity, as well as to characterize the serum lipoproteins in greater detail. In persons with high HDL, PBMC membrane phospholipids were higher, and the cholesterol/phospholipid (CH/PL) ratio lower than in persons with low HDL. Membrane cholesterol and phospholipids were positively correlated with serum HDL,. The fatty acid composition of membrane phospholipids, and membrane fluidity was similar. The median saturated/unsaturated fatty acid (SFA/UFA) ratio tended to be lower in PBMC membranes and in serum from persons with high HDL; however this was not statistically significant. In serum, total phospholipids and HDL, components (cholesterol, phospholipids and protein) were higher in persons with high HDL, whereas non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) components (triglycerides, cholesterol, phospholipids and protein) were lower. Furthermore, serum cholesterol esters and the cholesterol esters/free cholesterol (CE/FC) ratio was higher, and the atherogenic index, i.e. (apoB x (total cholesterol -HDL(c))/apoA-I x HDL(c), lower in persons with high HDL. These results demonstrate that PBMC from persons with high or low serum HDL have a different lipid composition, presumably of importance for cell function, lipid transport and atherogenesis.
Homocysteine-lowering interventions in chronic kidney disease; The incidence of cardiovascular events and mortality is higher in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) compared to the general population. Homocysteine (Hcy) appears to be an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in general populations and patients with CKD. Further, hyperhomocysteinemia can cause endothelial damage and increase the activity and production of coagulation factors, and its prevalence among patients with end-stage renal disease is approximately 85%-100%. Most treatments, which lower Hcy levels and have been considered in previous studies, include folic acid, B vitamins, omega-3 fatty acids, and N-acetylcysteine. However, the effect of therapies that can decrease Hcy levels and thus cardiovascular events in these patients is still unclear. The results are conflicting and require further investigation. To guide treatment decisions and improve patient outcomes, multiple databases were searched, including Web of Science, PubMed, and Medline to summarize the available evidence (i.e., clinical trial and meta-analyses) on Hcy-lowering interventions and cardiovascular events.
Iron status biomarkers in iron deficient women consuming oily fish <i>versus</i> red meat diet; S. NAVAS-CARRETERO, A.M. PEREZ-GRANADOS, S. SCHOPPEN, B. SARRIA, A. CARBAJAL and M.P. VAQUERO. Iron status biomarkers in iron deficient women consuming oily fish versus red meat diet. J Physiol Biochem, 65 (2), 165-174, 2009.
Maize death acids, 9-lipoxygenase-derived cyclopente(a)nones, display activity as cytotoxic phytoalexins and transcriptional mediators; Plant damage promotes the interaction of lipoxygenases (LOXs) with fatty acids yielding 9-hydroperoxides, 13-hydroperoxides, and complex arrays of oxylipins. The action of 13-LOX on linolenic acid enables production of 12-oxo-phytodienoic acid (12-OPDA) and its downstream products, termed "jasmonates." As signals, jasmonates have related yet distinct roles in the regulation of plant resistance against insect and pathogen attack. A similar pathway involving 9-LOX activity on linolenic and linoleic acid leads to the 12-OPDA positional isomer, 10-oxo-11-phytodienoic acid (10-OPDA) and 10-oxo-11-phytoenoic acid (10-OPEA), respectively; however, physiological roles for 9-LOX cyclopentenones have remained unclear. In developing maize (Zea mays) leaves, southern leaf blight (Cochliobolus heterostrophus) infection results in dying necrotic tissue and the localized accumulation of 10-OPEA, 10-OPDA, and a series of related 14- and 12-carbon metabolites, collectively termed "death acids." 10-OPEA accumulation becomes wound inducible within fungal-infected tissues and at physiologically relevant concentrations acts as a phytoalexin by suppressing the growth of fungi and herbivores including Aspergillus flavus, Fusarium verticillioides, and Helicoverpa zea. Unlike previously established maize phytoalexins, 10-OPEA and 10-OPDA display significant phytotoxicity. Both 12-OPDA and 10-OPEA promote the transcription of defense genes encoding glutathione S transferases, cytochrome P450s, and pathogenesis-related proteins. In contrast, 10-OPEA only weakly promotes the accumulation of multiple protease inhibitor transcripts. Consistent with a role in dying tissue, 10-OPEA application promotes cysteine protease activation and cell death, which is inhibited by overexpression of the cysteine protease inhibitor maize cystatin-9. Unlike jasmonates, functions for 10-OPEA and associated death acids are consistent with specialized roles in local defense reactions.
Key role of dietary fats in coronary heart disease under progressive urbanization and nutritional transition; The increased vulnerability to non-communicable diseases (NCD) of developing populations experiencing a demographic and epidemiological transitions to increased risk of NCD at a time when the battle against infectious diseases, is ongoing. Apart from population growth, the major attributes of developmental transition are confined to changes in occupational pattern in family structure, lifestyle, dietary practices and progressive ageing of population. The emergence of the NCD is significantly associated with changes in dietary pattern, in most of the countries. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries and the incidence is increasing in developing countries, including India. The disease needs awareness of the risk factors responsible for prevention. The purpose of this review is to present an overview of the role of dietary fats in growth and development and in health and disease. Although the causation of CHD is multifaceted and the risk factors associated in general are several, there are specific and important elements, such as dietary fats and lifestyle. Dietary fats are an important component as they serve a number of functions in the body. The minimum desirable and upper limits of fat intake have been given, based on recommendations of expert groups. Sources of different fats are made available worldwide and the production, consumption, storage, oxidation and nomenclature are being discussed in the light of health and disease. The relative essentiality of the omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids is recognized in terms of pharmacologically active eicosanoid metabolism. Nevertheless, epidemiological, physiological and clinical studies have demonstrated that long-chain omega-3 fatty acids present in fish oils have quite diverse health benefits. Appropriate guidelines need to be recommended at a national level consistent with dietary habits. The ratios of balanced fatty acids, namely omega-11, omega-9, omega-6 and omega-3, should be worked out appropriately in ameliorating nutrition-related disease states. Any simple dietary modification that can lead to a substantial reduction in morbidity and mortality from CHD would be of great medical, social and economic benefit.
Nutritional recommendations for patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases; Fatty liver is the most common liver disease worldwide. Patients with fatty liver disease die primarily from cardiovascular disease and not from chronic liver diseases. Hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia induce lipogenesis, thereby increasing the hepatic pool of fatty acids. This pool is also increased by increased delivery of fatty acids through the diet or lipolysis in adipose tissue. Nutritional consultations and lifestyle modification are important in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Among the dietary constituents, combination of vitamin D, vitamin E, and omega-3 fatty acids shows promise for the treatment of NAFLD. (C) 2011 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Fruit, vegetable, and fish consumption and heart rate variability: the Veterans Administration Normative Aging Study; Background: Higher intakes of fruit, vegetables, and dark fish may prevent sudden cardiac death and arrhythmias, but the exact mechanisms are not fully understood.
RECENT ADVANCES IN MEDIUM-CHAIN TRIGLYCERIDES AND FISH OIL; Vegetable oils have been used both enterally and parenterally for many years. This experience has helped identify the various benefits and risks associated with their use. Newer lipids have been developed to substitute for the presently available ones. Among the newer generations of lipids are medium-chain triglycerides, structured triglycerides, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. These lipids are a good source of calories and play a role in modifying patients' metabolic responses to disease in a favorable manner. Medium-chain triglycerides are oxidized better than long-chain triglycerides, with very little stored as fat. Unlike long-chain triglyceride emulsions, they minimally interfere with immune function as measured by reticuloendothelial system uptake. The omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which are found in large quantities in fish oil, have shown benefit in many clinical situations. Hypotriglyceridemia, increased high-density lipoprotein levels, decreased platelet aggregability, and blood pressure control seem to be beneficial in cerebral and cardiovascular disease. Because of their ability to incorporate into cell membranes and alter eicosanoid metabolism, they seem to play a role in immunomodulation and attenuating the body's response to overwhelming sepsis.
Diet and lifestyle factors associated with fish consumption in men and women: a study of whether gender differences can result in gender-specific confounding; Background: Fish consumption and intake of omega-3 fatty acids from fish are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. However, a prospective study from northern Sweden showed that high consumption of fish is associated with an increased risk of stroke in men, but not in women. The current study aimed to determine if fish consumption is differently related to lifestyle in men compared with women in northern Sweden.
Postprandial Hypertriglyceridaemia Revisited in the Era of Non-Fasting Lipid Profile Testing: A 2019 Expert Panel Statement, Narrative Review; Postprandial hypertriglyceridaemia, defined as an increase in plasma triglyceride-containing lipoproteins following a fat meal, is a potential risk predictor of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases. Several non-modifiable factors (genetics, age, sex and menopausal status) and lifestyle factors (diet, physical activity, smoking status, obesity, alcohol and medication use) may influence postprandial hypertriglyceridaemia. This narrative review considers the studies published over the last decade that evaluated postprandial hypertriglyceridaemia. Additionally, the genetic determinants of postprandial plasma triglyceride levels, the types of meals for studying postprandial triglyceride response, and underlying conditions (e.g. familial dyslipidaemias, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver and chronic kidney disease) that are associated with postprandial hypertriglyceridaemia are reviewed; therapeutic aspects are also considered.
Dietary fat quality and risk of sudden cardiac death in women; Background: Dietary n-3 PUFAs are inversely associated with risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD); however, little is known about other fats and SCD. Furthermore, concerns have been raised that high n-6 PUFA intake may attenuate the benefits of n-3 PUFAs.
Efficacy of dietary supplements on mortality and clinical outcomes in adults with sepsis and septic shock: A systematic review and network meta-analysis; Aim: The aim of this network meta-analysis (NMA) was to investigate the effects of different dietary supplements on the mortality and clinical status of adults with sepsis. Methods: We searched PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library Central Register of Controlled Trials until February 2023. The inclusion criteria were: 1) randomized controlled trials (RCT)s; 2) adults suffering sepsis or septic shock; 3) evaluation of short- or long-mortality; and 4) publications between 1994 and 2023. The general information of studies and details of interventions were extracted. The primary outcome was short-term mortality (<90 days), and the secondary outcomes were long-term mortality (>= 90 days), length of ICU and hospital stays, and duration of mechanical ventilation (MV). The risk of bias of RCTs was assessed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool 2 (ROB2). A random effect NMA was performed to rank the effect of each intervention using a frequentist approach. Results: Finally, 56 RCTs with 5957 participants met the criteria. Approximately, one-third of RCTs were low risk of bias. NMA analysis revealed that there was no treatment more effective in short- or long-term mortality than control or other interventions, except for magnesium (RR: 0.33, 95% CI: 0.14, 0.79; GRADE = low) and vitamin C (RR: 0.81, 95% CI: 0.67, 0.99; low certainty evidence), which had beneficial effects on short-term mortality. Moreover, eicosapentaenoic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants (EPA + GLA + AOs) combination was the most effective, and magnesium, vitamin D and vitamin C were the other effective approaches in terms of duration of MV, and ICU length of stay. There was no bene ficial dietary supplement for hospital stay in these patients. Conclusions: In septic patients, none of the dietary supplements had a substantial effect on mortality except for magnesium and vitamin C, which were linked to lower short-term mortality with low certainty of evidence. Further investigation into high-quality studies with the use of dietary supplements for sepsis should be highly discouraged. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Characterization of <i>Nannochloropsis oceanica</i> Rose Bengal Mutants Sheds Light on Acclimation Mechanisms to High Light When Grown in Low Temperature; A barrier to realizing Nannochloropsis oceanica's potential for omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) production is the disparity between conditions that are optimal for growth and those that are optimal for EPA biomass content. A case in point is temperature: higher content of polyunsaturated fatty acid, and especially EPA, is observed in low-temperature (LT) environments, where growth rates are often inhibited. We hypothesized that mutant strains of N. oceanica resistant to the singlet-oxygen photosensitizer Rose Bengal (RB) would withstand the oxidative stress conditions that prevail in the combined stressful environment of high light (HL; 250 mu mol photons m(-2) s(-1)) and LT (18 degrees C). This growth environment caused the wild-type (WT) strain to experience a spike in lipid peroxidation and an inability to proliferate, whereas growth and homeostatic reactive oxygen species levels were observed in the mutant strains. We suggest that the mutant strains' success in this environment can be attributed to their truncated photosystem II antennas and their increased ability to diffuse energy in those antennas as heat (non-photosynthetic quenching). As a result, the mutant strains produced upward of four times more EPA than the WT strain in this HL-LT environment. The major plastidial lipid monogalactosyldiacylglycerol was a likely target for oxidative damage, contributing to the photosynthetic inhibition of the WT strain. A mutation in the NO10G01010.1 gene, causing a subunit of the 2-oxoisovalerate dehydrogenase E1 protein to become non-functional, was determined to be the likely source of tolerance in the RB113 mutant strain.
Acute supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid reduces platelet microparticle activity in healthy subjects; Background: Dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids has been associated with reduced incidence in thrombotic events. In addition, administration of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been shown to rectify elevated platelet microparticle (MP) number and procoagulant activity in post myocardial infarction patients. However, it is unknown whether supplementation can alter these parameters in healthy individuals and if such effects are immediate or require long-term supplementation. We have previously demonstrated a gender-specific effect of LCn-3PUFA supplementation on platelet aggregation in healthy human subjects. Here we extend these findings to include the acute effects of supplementation with EPA- or DHA-rich oils on circulating MP levels and activity in healthy subjects.
SERUM FATTY-ACIDS AND FISH INTAKE IN RURAL JAPANESE, URBAN JAPANESE, JAPANESE-AMERICAN AND CAUCASIAN AMERICAN-MEN; To examine the relationship of fish intake with serum fatty acids cross-culturally, we surveyed a total of 136 men aged 34 to 55 years in four different populations: rural Japanese (RJ), urban Japanese (UJ), Japanese Americans (JA), and Caucasian Americans (CA). Mean levels of estimated total fish intake per day were 124.9 g in RJ, 70.8 g in UJ, 45.7 g in JA, and 32.3 g in CA. The percentage of total serum fatty acids contributed by omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in these populations was 11.8% in RJ, 9.0% in UJ, 3.4% in JA and 2.5% in CA. Means of omeaga-3 fatty acids and intake of fish were correlated at the population level; this relationship was strongest when intake of dark-meat fish was considered (n = 4, r = 0.979, p = 0.02). Within each population, except for UJ, individual omega-3 fatty acid levels and dark-meat fish intake were significantly associated (p<0.05). A 20 g increase in dark-meat fish consumption was associated with an estimated relative increase in omega-3 fatty acid content of serum by 0.76% in RJ, 0.75% in UJ, 0.64% in JA, and 0.22% in CA. The association between fish intake and serum omega-3 fatty acids at the individual level was not explained by other coronary risk factors. Mortality from coronary heart disease is much lower in Japan in the US. Population differences in fish intake and serum omega-3 fatty acid levels may contribute to the population difference in the risk of coronary heart disease.
Efficient Display of Active <i>Geotrichum</i> sp Lipase on <i>Pichia pastoris</i> Cell Wall and Its Application as a Whole-Cell Biocatalyst To Enrich EPA and DHA in Fish Oil; Geotrichum sp. lipase (GSL) was first displayed on the cell wall of Pichia pastoris on the basis of the a-agglutinin anchor system developed in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Surface display levels were monitored using Western blotting, immunofluorescence miscroscopy, and fluorescence-activated cell sorting analysis. Lipase activity of the yeast whole cells reached a maximum at 273 +/- 2.4 U/g of dry cells toward olive oil after 96 h of culture at 30 degrees C, with optimal pH and temperature at 7.5 and 45 degrees C, respectively. Displayed GSL exhibited relatively high stability between pH 6.0 and 8.0 and retained >70% of the maximum activity. The surface-displayed lipase retained 80% of its original activity after incubation at 45 degrees C for 4 h. Moreover, the GSL-displaying yeast whole cells were then used as a biocatalyst to enrich eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) from fish oil on the basis of selective hydrolysis. As a result, EPA and DHA increased from 1.53 and 24.1% in the original fish oil to 1.85 and 30.86%, which were increases of 1.21- and 1.29-fold, respectively. The total yield of EPA and DHA reached 46.62%.
Plasma linoleic acid levels and cardiovascular risk factors: results from the Norwegian ACE 1950 Study; Background A high intake of linoleic acid (LA), the major dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), has previously been associated with reduced cardiovascular (CV) morbidity and mortality in observational studies. However, recent secondary analyses from clinical trials of LA-rich diet suggest harmful effects of LA on CV health. Methods A total of 3706 participants, all born in 1950, were included in this cross-sectional study. We investigated associations between plasma phospholipid levels of LA and CV risk factors in a Norwegian general population, characterized by a relative low LA and high marine n-3 PUFA intake. The main statistical approach was multivariable linear regression. Results Plasma phospholipid LA levels ranged from 11.4 to 32.0 wt%, with a median level of 20.8 wt% (interquartile range 16.8-24.8 wt%). High plasma LA levels were associated with lower serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (standardized regression coefficient [Std. beta-coeff.] -0.04, p = 0.02), serum triglycerides (Std. beta-coeff. -0.10, p < 0.001), fasting plasma glucose (Std. beta-coeff. -0.10, p < 0.001), body mass index (Std. beta-coeff. -0.13, p < 0.001), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (Std. beta-coeff. -0.04, p = 0.03 and Std. beta-coeff. -0.02, p = 0.02, respectively) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (Std. beta-coeff. -0.09, p < 0.001). We found no association between plasma LA levels and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, glycated hemoglobin, carotid intima-media thickness, or C-reactive protein. Conclusion High plasma LA levels were favorably associated with several CV risk factors in this study of a Norwegian general population.
Activation of the nuclear factor-κB is a key event in brain tolerance; The transcription factor nuclear factor-kappaB (NF kappaB) is an ubiquitously expressed inducible regulator of a broad range of genes and plays a pivotal role in cell death and survival pathways. Three models of brain tolerance (ischemic, epileptic, and polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced preconditioning), known to confer resistance to neurons against ischemia or status epilepticus, were used to determine whether NF kappaB mediated the late preconditioning. A sublethal 3 min ischemia, a dose of 5 mg/kg kainic acid (KA5) or 500 nmol of linolenic acid (LIN500) led to a rapid increase of NF kappaB DNA-binding activity and nuclear translocation of p65 and p50 subunits of NF kappaB in neurons. Pretreatment with the NF kappaB inhibitor diethyldithiocarbamate or kappaB decoy DNA blocked the increased DNA-binding activity and the nuclear translocation of NF kappaB and abolished the neuroprotective effects of different delayed preconditionings against severe ischemia or epilepsy. The inhibition of NF kappaB observed in rats preconditioned with 3 min ischemia, KA5 or LIN500 treatments compared with ischemic or epileptic controls was correlated with the prevention of the inducible degradation of the inhibitory protein I kappaB alpha. Preconditioning probably inhibits the activation of NF kappaB by interfering with a pathway that leads to the direct transcriptional activation of I kappaB alpha by NF kappaB itself. The present work provides evidence that activation of NF kappaB is a crucial step in the signal transduction pathway that underlies the development of brain tolerance and may open new strategies in the prevention of cerebral diseases, such as ischemia or epilepsy.
Vitamin D with Calcium Reduces Mortality: Patient Level Pooled Analysis of 70,528 Patients from Eight Major Vitamin D Trials; Introduction: Vitamin D may affect multiple health outcomes. If so, an effect on mortality is to be expected. Using pooled data from randomized controlled trials, we performed individual patient data (IPD) and trial level meta-analyses to assess mortality among participants randomized to either vitamin D alone or vitamin D with calcium.
The gut microbiota-artery axis: A bridge between dietary lipids and atherosclerosis?; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is one of the major leading global causes of death. Growing evidence has demonstrated that gut microbiota (GM) and its metabolites play a pivotal role in the onset and progression of atherosclerosis (AS), now known as GM-artery axis. There are interactions between dietary lipids and GM, which ultimately affect GM and its metabolites. Given these two aspects, the GM-artery axis may play a mediating role between dietary lipids and AS. Diets rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs), omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFAs), industrial trans fatty acids (TFAs), and cholesterol can increase the levels of atherogenic microbes and metabolites, whereas monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), ruminant TFAs, and phytosterols (PS) can increase the levels of antiatherogenic microbes and metabolites. Actually, dietary phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingo-myelin (SM), and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have been demonstrated to affect AS via the GM-artery axis. Therefore, that GM-artery axis acts as a communication bridge between dietary lipids and AS. Herein, we will describe the molecular mechanism of GM-artery axis in AS and discuss the complex interactions between dietary lipids and GM. In particular, we will highlight the evidence and potential mechanisms of dietary lipids affecting AS via GM-artery axis.
Potential Production of Omega Fatty Acids from<i> Scenedesmus</i><i> obliquus</i> Microalgae: Evaluation of Acute and Chronic Toxicity; Background: Omega-3 fatty acids (O3FA) as dietary supplements for medical use improve health. Methods: Acute and chronic toxicity were done using male and female Wistar rats. Results of acute toxicity showed no behavioral alterations, toxicity, or mortality in treated animals at a dose of 2 g/kg over 24 hours. In chronic study, no significant difference in the serum glucose, ALT, AST, bilirubin, albumin, and creatinine between treated and control rats were detected. However, there was a slight increase in the level of ALP and urea in male rats treated with O3FAs. Chronic administration of O3FAs with a dose of 100 mg/kg b.w. /day for 12 weeks showed insignificant change in hematological parameters. However, the red cell distribution width (RDW-CV) was significantly decreased. Histopathological examinations indicated slight congestion in the glomerular capillaries and peri-tubular capillaries in the renal tissues. Meanwhile, hepatic parenchyma with slight congestion in the central vein and blood sinusoids has been detected. It could be concluded that, the daily use of 100 mg/kg of O3Fas for 12 weeks did not produce marked alterations in biochemical, hematological, and histopathological parameters and it is relatively safe and can be used as an adjuvant for treating various indicated diseases.
High serum n6 fatty acid proportion is associated with lowered LDL oxidation and inflammation: The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study; The intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is generally linked with a reduced cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, but an elevated n6PUFA intake, without simultaneous n3PUFA supply, may elevate the risk. PUFAs are suspected as being easily oxidized and have a potential role in lipoprotein oxidation and inflammation. Saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) are resistant to oxidation. However, in a Western diet, their most important source is red meat, a food stuff rich in heme iron which can catalyze oxidative reactions. Therefore, different serum fatty acid (FA) proportions (free + esterified) were correlated with the status of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation in vivo (conjugated dienes = oxLDLlipids and antibody-based oxidized proteins = oxLDLprot) and inflammation (serum CRP) in 2196 Finnish subjects (age: 24-39 years) using CVD risk factor-adjusted linear regression models. High n6PUFA, PUFA/SFA and n6/n3 ratios, and low SFA and MUFA were all associated with reduced levels of oxLDLlipids, oxLDLprot, and CRP. These findings at the population level suggest that PUFAs are negatively and SFAs and MUFAs positively related with LDL oxidation and inflammation; these conclusions are in line with previous observations linking PUFAs, particularly n6PUFAs, with lower CVD risk, and SFAs with increased risk.
Effects of a small dose of stable fish oil substituted for margarine in bread on plasma phospholipid fatty acids and serum triglycerides; Fish oil concentrates, fluid or in capsules, have shown beneficial effects on several risk factors for cardiovasular disease, but their use implies addition of fat to the diet. In order to overcome this, substitution of fish oil for other fat in a food product was tried in the present investigation. The effects of a small dose of fish oil substituted for margarine in bread on plasma phospholipid fatty acids and serum triglycerides were determined in a parallel, single-blinded, randomized study in 17 healthy subjects. Daily intake of 1 g stable fish oil containing 38 percent n-3 fatty acids (Eskimo-3(R)) for 4 weeks increased long-chain n-3 fatty acids it. plasma phospholipids by almost 50 percent (p<0.05) and decreased serum triglycerides by 17 percent (p < 0.005). Plasma alpha-tocopherol and TEARS (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances), measured as malondialdehyde, a marker of lipid peroxidation, and blood glucose, were unchanged. In a blinded consumer sensory test only 2 out of 195 subjects perceived any taste of fish aroma in the bread containing fish oil. This study showed that by use of a stable fish oil preparation it is possible to substitute fish oil for margarine in bread, a food product consumed in large amounts, and that a small amount of this fish oil has significant effects on blood lipids, without any signs of lipid peroxidation. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
Angiopoietin-1 protects 3T3-L1 preadipocytes from saturated fatty acid induced cell death; Cross talk between endothelial cells and adipocytes is vital to adipocyte functions, but little is known about the mechanisms or factors controlling the process. Angiogenesis is a critical component linking the endothelium to healthy adipogenesis, yet it is not known if or how it is involved in adipocyte physiology. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine the effect of angiopoietin-1 (Ang-1) and -2 (Ang-2) as well as their receptor, Tie-2, on adipocyte physiology. 3T3-L1 pre- and mature adipocytes were found to express Ang-1, Ang-2, and Tie-2, which decrease upon polyunsaturated fatty acid treatment. Furthermore, 3T3-L1 cells treated with recombinant Ang-1 or Ang-2 increased expression of the antiapoptotic gene Bcl-x and decreased expression of the proapoptotic gene Casp-8. Next, preadipocytes were treated with saturated fatty acids (SFAs) to induce cell stress. SFA-mediated splicing of X-box-binding protein-1 was reduced by co-treatment with Ang-1, and cell viability was improved in the presence of SFAs + Ang-1. Taken together, these results indicate that Ang-1 may protect preadipocytes from SFA-induced apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Nutraceuticals and Bioactive Components from Fish for Dyslipidemia and Cardiovascular Risk Reduction; Cardiovascular disease remains the most common health problem in developed countries, and residual risk after implementing all current therapies is still high. Permanent changes in lifestyle may be hard to achieve and people may not always be motivated enough to make the recommended modifications. Emerging research has explored the application of natural food-based strategies in disease management. In recent years, much focus has been placed on the beneficial effects of fish consumption. Many of the positive effects of fish consumption on dyslipidemia and heart diseases have been attributed to n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs, i.e., EPA and DHA); however, fish is also an excellent source of protein and, recently, fish protein hydrolysates containing bioactive peptides have shown promising activities for the prevention/management of cardiovascular disease and associated health complications. The present review will focus on n-3 PUFAs and bioactive peptides effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors. Moreover, since considerable controversy exists regarding the association between n-3 PUFAs and major cardiovascular endpoints, we have also reviewed the main clinical trials supporting or not this association.
Clinical chorioamnionitis at term: the amniotic fluid fatty acyl lipidome; Clinical chorioamnionitis at term (TCC) is the most common obstetrical infliction diagnosed in labor and delivery units worldwide and is associated with a substantial increase in maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. This obstetrical complication is a heterogeneous condition, as only half of patients have detectable microorganisms in the amniotic cavity. Because bioactive lipids play a key role in the initiation and resolution of an inflammatory response, we aimed to characterize the amniotic fluid lipidome in patients with TCC. We studied the amniotic fluid of patients in the following groups: 1) spontaneous labor at term without clinical chorioamnionitis (TLB) and 2) spontaneous labor at term with clinical chorioamnionitis (TCC). The TCC group was subdivided into a) those with microbial invasion of the amniotic cavity (TCC-MIAC) and b) those without microbial invasion of the amniotic cavity (TCC-noMIAC). The amniotic fluid concentration of proinflammatory lipid mediators did not differ between patients in TLB with TCC. In contrast, concentration of lipids with anti-inflammatory/proresolution properties was significantly lower in all patients with TCC than in those with TLB. These results suggest that while proinflammatory lipid mediators are involved in infection-driven intra-amniotic inflammation, a relative deficiency of anti-inflammatory/proresolution lipid mediator biosynthesis is a characteristic of TCC.
DIETARY FISH OIL SUPPLEMENTATION REDUCES MYOCARDIAL INFARCT SIZE IN A CANINE MODEL OF ISCHEMIA AND REPERFUSION; Objectives. This study was conducted to determine whether the long-term administration of fish oil attenuates myocardial necrosis in an occlusion-reperfusion model of myocardial ischemia.
Personalized polyunsaturated fatty acids as a potential adjunctive treatment for anorexia nervosa; Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a complex psychiatric disorder with high morbidity and mortality rates. While many individuals make full recoveries, up to a third of patients develop a chronic, treatment-resistant form of the illness that leads to a premature death in 15-20% of those affected. There have been few advances in treatment, both in terms of psychological or pharmacologic treatment over the last 30 years. Food aversion is commonly cited by patients with AN as a barrier to normalizing eating and weight. Our group has a keen interest in examining factors that might allow this to be addressed, thus improving treatment outcomes through personalized dietary plans or nutritional supplementation related to underlying genetic status.
Ichthyotoxicity of gymnodinioid dinoflagellates: PUFA and superoxide effects in sheepshead minnow larvae and rainbow trout gill cells; While 24 h exposure of sheepshead minnow fish larvae to purified monogalactosyl diglyceride (MGDG) lipids, containing octadecapentaenoic acid (OPA) exclusively or as a mixture of octadecatetraenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and OPA (OTA-EPA-OPA), caused sluggish swimming and gulping, it produced no mortalities even at concentrations up to 120 mg l-1. In contrast, comparable concentrations and exposure times caused significant reductions in viability of rainbow trout gill cells. Pure EPA was the most harmful to gill cells (up to 98.5% viability loss in 60 h) followed by OPA-rich MGDG (45% loss), with OTA-rich MGDG (37% loss) the least toxic. OPA-pure MGDG was non-toxic to rainbow trout gill cells; however, surprisingly, pure palmitic acid was harmful (40% viability loss), and we conclude that gill cell line toxicity of the OPA-rich MGDG fraction was caused by admixture with palmitic acid. Screening of 15 Kareniaceae dinoflagellate species demonstrated that these species are low (on average 10 times less) producers of superoxide compared to the ichthyotoxic raphidophyte Chattonella marina. No mortality of sheepshead minnow fish larvae occurred when exposed to superoxide alone or superoxide combined with either OPA-rich MGDG or OTA-rich MGDG. Superoxide showed a slight impact on viability of rainbow trout gill cells. In conclusion, synergistic interactions between free fatty acids and reactive oxygen species as previously claimed for raphidophytes could not be confirmed. Gill damaging effects from EPA were conclusively demonstrated, however; when these co-occurred with OTA, a higher loss of viability was observed (up to 37%), suggesting a magnified toxic effect. Contradictory literature claims as to the ichthyotoxicity of OPA (nontoxic in our work) may relate to the presence of chemical impurities.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids sensitize human colon adenocarcinoma HT-29 cells to death receptor-mediated apoptosis; The proliferative and apoptotic response to TNF-alpha and anti-Fas antibody (CH- 11) in human colon adenocarcinoma HT-29 cells was modulated by pretreatment with arachidonic (AA, 20:4, n - 6) or docosahexaenoic (DHA, 22:6, n - 3) fatty acids, which alone increased reactive oxygen species production and lipid peroxidation, and decreased the S-phase of the cell cycle. The higher amount of floating cells, subG(0)/G(1) population and apoptotic cells detected in pre-treated cells was potentiated by cycloheximide. The effects of CH-11 were associated with activation of caspase-8, -9, and -3, cleavage of poly(ADP-ribose)polymerase-PARP, and decreased mitochondrial membrane potential (NIMP), but these parameters were not significantly changed after PUFA pretreatment. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Docosahexaenoic acid prevents neuronal apoptosis induced by soluble amyloid-β oligomers; A growing body of evidence supports the notion that soluble oligomers of amyloid-beta (A beta) peptide interact with the neuronal plasma membrane, leading to cell injury and inducing death-signalling pathways that could account for the increased neurodegeneration occurring in Alzheimer's disease (AD). Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6, n-3) is an essential polyunsaturated fatty acid in the CNS and has been shown in several epidemiological and in vivo studies to have protective effects against AD and cognitive alterations. However, the molecular mechanisms involved remain unknown. We hypothesized that DHA enrichment of plasma membranes could protect neurones from apoptosis induced by soluble A beta oligomers. DHA pre-treatment was observed to significantly increase neuronal survival upon A beta treatment by preventing cytoskeleton perturbations, caspase activation and apoptosis, as well as by promoting extracellular signal-related kinase (ERK)-related survival pathways. These data suggest that DHA enrichment probably induces changes in neuronal membrane properties with functional outcomes, thereby increasing protection from soluble A beta oligomers. Such neuroprotective effects could be of major interest in the prevention of AD and other neurodegenerative diseases.
The role of noninvasive cardiovascular testing, applied clinical nutrition and nutritional supplements in the prevention and treatment of coronary heart disease; Numerous clinical trials suggest that we have reached a limit in our ability to decrease the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) utilizing the traditional diagnostic evaluation, prevention and treatment strategies for the top five cardiovascular risk factors of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, obesity and smoking.
ATHEROSCLEROSIS IN ALASKA NATIVES AND NON-NATIVES; Low mortality from coronary heart disease (CHD) among Eskimos has been attributed to less atherosclerosis in the coronary arteries because of a high dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids. Other investigators attribute this low mortality to the fact that Eskimos have a high mortality from other causes before middle age, when CHD is common. However, most studies have been epidemiological, either by death-certificate review or risk-factor evaluation. We evaluated the extent of atherosclerotic lesions in the coronary arteries and aortas from Alaska Natives. Standardised comparisons between samples from 103 Native and 101 non-native residents show that the extent of raised lesions increases with age in both groups, but the prevalence of raised lesions in native specimens was consistently lower than in those from non-natives. This difference was statistically significant. The data suggest that the differences in CHD mortality between Alaska Natives and non-natives are, at least in part, the result of less atherosclerosis in natives.
Why, when and how should hypertriglyceridemia be treated in the high-risk cardiovascular patient?; Recent epidemiology attests that hypertriglyceridemia may be a causal risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). The specific atherogenicity of hypertriglyceridemia relates to the accumulation in plasma of triglyceride-rich lipoprotein remnants. Hypertriglyceridemia also drives a 'global' atherogenic dyslipidemic profile, which is frequent in high-risk cardiovascular patients, such as Type 2 diabetics. Elevated triglyceride in fasting or nonfasting blood samples should be a trigger for assessing atherogenic components of the lipid profile, particularly HDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol and apoB. Residual risk of CVD remains high in statin-treated diabetic patients owing to persistent atherogenic dyslipidemia, which is not fully corrected by these agents nor by the addition of ezetimibe. Hypertriglyceridemia may then be targeted with niacin, fibrates or n-3 fatty acids, after correcting aggravating factors, especially obesity and hyperglycemia. Fibrates consistently decrease coronary events in dyslipidemic patients in outcome studies. New evidence supports adding fenofibrate to a statin in Type 2 diabetics with residual hypertriglyceridemia and low HDL-cholesterol; extrapolating from a recent meta-analysis, a 15% reduction in triglycerides could translate into a further 15% reduction in coronary events. Ongoing clinical trials may provide new evidence for adding niacin to a statin. The value of higher doses of n-3 fatty acids in reducing CVD risk remains to be demonstrated. The high triglyceride/low HDL nexus is an under-recognized risk factor for CVD that merits more detailed clinical assessment and treatment, particularly in patients with Type 2 diabetes already receiving a statin.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in reducing cardiovascular risk; Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of mortality worldwide. Prevention, diagnosis and treatment of these diseases are one of the major challenges in modern medicine. Despite a large number of pharmacological agents significantly reducing the cardiovascular risk, it is still high in many patients. Due to the multifactorial aetiology and complex pathomechanism of cardiovascular diseases, the development of a more effective therapy remains an open issue. It was found in the 1980s that a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in particular, was associated with a lower incidence of cardiovascular diseases. For this reason, polyunsaturated fatty acids have become the subject of many clinical trials aimed at understanding their mechanism of action and determining their exact impact on cardiovascular risk. Polyunsaturated fatty acids are known to affect many aspects that are key factors in the development of cardiovascular disease. They are characterised mainly by a positive effect on the structure and functioning of cell membranes, the ability to reduce inflammation and blood pressure, anticoagulant and antiplatelet effects, antiarrhythmic activity, the ability to improve myocardial contractility and a beneficial effect on the lipid profile. The latest analyses of the available clinical trials show that these compounds reduce cardiovascular risk in both primary and secondary prevention. Therefore, they represent a promising therapeutic option. It is worth noting that the effect seems to depend on the type of polyunsaturated fatty acids, their dose and individual factors. Nevertheless, this issue is extremely complex and requires further research to fully understand the mechanism of action and establish ideal therapeutic doses to improve patient prognosis.
Differential dietary nutrient intake according to hormone replacement therapy use: An underestimated confounding factor in epidemiologic studies?; Observational studies and randomized controlled trials have produced divergent results concerning the effect of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) on cardiovascular disease and, to a lesser extent, dementia. Residual confounding (confounding that remains even after adjustment for various socioeconomic and lifestyle factors) is one explanation that has been offered for these divergent results. The authors used data collected between 1990 and 1995 from 6,697 French women aged 61-72 years participating in a prospective cohort study to explore the hypothesis that nutritional intake varies according to HRT use and thus may be a source of residual confounding. After the authors adjusted for health and lifestyle factors, HRT users, compared with never users, had significantly higher intakes of alcohol; omega 3 fatty acids; vitamins B-6, B-12, and D; and phosphorus and a lower intake of starch. These differential nutrient intakes were related to differences in eating habits. In particular, HRT users in the studied sample, compared with nonusers, ate significantly more fish. Most of the dietary differences were seen in both early users and delayers of HRT. To limit residual confounding in observational studies, dietary factors may be important parameters to be taken into account in analyses of HRT use and health outcomes.
A high-fat diet induces and red wine counteracts endothelial dysfunction in human volunteers; Endothelial dysfunction is associated with atherogenesis and oxidative stress in humans. In rat and rabbit blood vessels, wine polyphenol antioxidants induce vascular relaxation in vitro through the NO-cCMP pathway. To assess the effect of a regular high-fat diet (HFD) and moderate red wine consumption on endothelial function (EF), a study was performed in healthy male volunteers. EF was measured as flow-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery, employing high-resolution ultrasound after an overnight fast. Other clinical and biochemical parameters related to EF were also measured. Six volunteers received a control diet, rich in fruits and vegetables (27% calories as fat) and five volunteers received an HFD (39.5% calories as fat). Measurements were done twice on each volunteer: after a period of 30 d with diet plus 240 mt of red wine/d, and after a period of 30 d with diet, without wine. In the absence of wine, there is a reduction of EF with HFD when compared to the control diet (P = 0.014). This loss of EF is not seen when both diets are supplemented with wine for 30 d (P = 0.001). Plasma levels of n-3 fatty acids (R-2 = 0.232, P = 0.023) and lycopene (R-2 = 0.223, P = 0.020) show a positive correlation with individual EF measurements, but they do not account for the significant differences observed among dietary groups or after wine supplementation. These results help elucidate the deleterious effect of a high-fat diet and the protective role of wine, n-3 fatty acids and dietary antioxidants in cardiovascular disease.
Rational approaches to the treatment of mixed dyslipidemia; Coronary heart disease causes significant morbidity and mortality. It is estimated that the direct and indirect cost of cardiovascular disease in the United States for 2008 will be $448.5 billion. The widely accepted practice for treating these patients is to target low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol with optimal statin therapy before considering combination therapy. However, combination therapy is often needed when statin monotherapy does not achieve goals, especially in patients with mixed dyslipidemia, in whom LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels are elevated and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels are low. Agents that may be used as add-on therapy to statins include bile acid sequestrants, cholesterol absorption inhibitors, fibrates, nicotinic acid, and omega-3 fatty acids. Selection of a rational combination therapy requires an understanding of the relative efficacy of these agents in addressing individual lipid profile abnormalities and outcomes data. Cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) inhibitors represent a novel class with significant potential in treating low HDL cholesterol levels, an increasingly recognized challenge in hyperlipidemic patients. (Formulary. 2008;43:366-378.)
Eicosapentaenoic Acid Supplementation Changes Fatty Acid Composition and Corrects Endothelial Dysfunction in Hyperlipidemic Patients; We investigated the effects of purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on vascular endothelial function and free fatty acid composition in Japanese hyperlipidemic subjects. In subjects with hyperlipidemia (total cholesterol >= 220 mg/dL and/or triglycerides >= 150 mg/dL), lipid profile and forearm blood flow (FBF) during reactive hyperemia were determined before and 3 months after supplementation with 1800 mg/day EPA. Peak FBF during reactive hyperemia was lower in the hyperlipidemic group than the normolipidemic group. EPA supplementation did not change serum levels of total, HDL, or LDL cholesterol, apolipoproteins, remnant-like particle (RLP) cholesterol, RLP triglycerides, or malondialdehyde-modified LDL cholesterol. EPA supplementation did not change total free fatty acid levels in serum, but changed the fatty acid composition, with increased EPA and decreased linoleic acid,gamma-linolenic acid, and dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid. EPA supplementation recovered peak FBF after 3 months. Peak FBF recovery was correlated positively with EPA and EPA/arachidonic acid levels and correlated inversely with dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid. EPA supplementation restores endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in hyperlipidemic patients despite having no effect on serumcholesterol and triglyceride patterns. These results suggest that EPA supplementationmay improve vascular function at least partly via changes in fatty acid composition.
Targeting inflammation in metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is comprised of a cluster of closely related risk factors, including visceral adiposity, insulin resistance, hypertension, high triglyceride, and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; all of which increase the risk for the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. A chronic state of inflammation appears to be a central mechanism underlying the pathophysiology of insulin resistance and MetS. In this review, we summarize recent research which has provided insight into the mechanisms by which inflammation underlies the pathophysiology of the individual components of MetS including visceral adiposity, hyperglycemia and insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension. On the basis of these mechanisms, we summarize therapeutic modalities to target inflammation in the MetS and its individual components. Current therapeutic modalities can modulate the individual components of MetS and have a direct anti-inflammatory effect. Lifestyle modifications including exercise, weight loss, and diets high in fruits, vegetables, fiber, whole grains, and low-fat dairy and low in saturated fat and glucose are recommended as a first line therapy. The Mediterranean and dietary approaches to stop hypertension diets are especially beneficial and have been shown to prevent development of MetS. Moreover, the Mediterranean diet has been associated with reductions in total and cardiovascular mortality. Omega-3 fatty acids and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha agonists lower high levels of triglyceride; their role in targeting inflammation is reviewed. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers, and aldosterone blockers comprise pharmacologic therapies for hypertension but also target other aspects of MetS including inflammation. Statin drugs target many of the underlying inflammatory pathways involved in MetS.
Supplements for Lipid Lowering: What Does the Evidence Show?; PurposeIn this review, the regulation, proposed hypolipidemic mechanism, and efficacy of common dietary supplements (DSs) marketed for cardiovascular health are discussed.Recent FindingsData demonstrate modest but inconsistent lipid-lowering effects with common DSs such as probiotics, soluble fibers, plant sterols, green tea, berberine, guggul, niacin, and garlic. Furthermore, data is limited regarding turmeric, hawthorn, and cinnamon. Red yeast rice has shown to be a beneficial DS, but its safety and efficacy are dependent upon its production quality and monacolin K content, respectively. Finally, soy proteins and omega-3 fatty acid-rich foods can have significant health benefits if used to displace other animal products as part of a healthier diet.Despite the rising use of DSs, data demonstrate unpredictable results. Patients should be educated on the difference between these DSs and evidence-based lipid-lowering medications proven to improve cardiovascular outcomes.
Management of Dyslipidemias in the Presence of the Metabolic Syndrome or Type 2 Diabetes; In the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, excess energy intake on the background of genetic predisposition and lifestyle factors leads to the dysregulation of fatty acid metabolism and acquired insulin resistance. These initial metabolic defects are reflected to both lipoprotein and glucose metabolism and contribute to increased risk for cardiovascular disease. However, even after controlling for the traditional cardiovascular risk factors, subjects with the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes remain at high residual cardiovascular risk despite of low/normal LDL-cholesterol concentration. For 2 decades, statin therapy has been the cornerstone of treatment of dyslipidemia in these disorders. In the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, only statin treatment has demonstrated consistently a significant reduction in cardiovascular and all cause mortality in clinical trials. Lately, increased incidence of diabetes especially in the high-risk populations using statins has raised the debate whether statins are indicated for primary prevention especially in the metabolic syndrome. Guidelines recommend intensified lifestyle intervention to those in high risk groups on statin therapy to reduce the residual risk. Despite of the proven efficacy on plasma lipids, fibrate, or niacin as monotherapy, or in combination with statins has failed in reducing cardiovascular mortality. This underlies the fact that improvement in dyslipidemia or other biomarkers is not equal to the reduction in cardiovascular events. However, fibrates in combination with statins seem to be beneficial to reduce CVD events in subjects with low HDL-cholesterol (<0.9-1.1 mmol/L) and elevated triglycerides (>2.3 mmol/L), but the data are derived from subgroup analysis of clinical trials. The position of niacin and ezetimibe and omega-3 fatty acids in treatment of dyslipidemia in the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes is even less clear and remains to be established in future clinical trials.
The cardiac and haemostatic effects of dietary hempseed; Despite its use in our diet for hundreds of years, hempseed has surprisingly little research published on its physiological effects. This may have been in the past because the psychotropic properties wrongly attributed to hemp would complicate any conclusions obtained through its study. Hemp has a botanical relationship to drug/medicinal varieties of Cannabis. However, hempseed no longer contains psychotropic action and instead may provide significant health benefits. Hempseed has an excellent content of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. These compounds have beneficial effects on our cardiovascular health. Recent studies, mostly in animals, have examined the effects of these fatty acids and dietary hempseed itself on platelet aggregation, ischemic heart disease and other aspects of our cardiovascular health. The purpose of this article is to review the latest developments in this rapidly emerging research field with a focus on the cardiac and vascular effects of dietary hempseed.
Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids reduce atrial vulnerability in a novel canine pacing model; Aim Our objective was to assess the effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on atrial fibrillation (AF) vulnerability and atrial structure in a new model of atrial cardiomyopathy.
Health economic potential of early nutrition programming: a model calculation of long-term reduction in blood pressure and related morbidity costs by use of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid-supplemented formula; Background: The reported effect sizes of early nutrition programming on long-term health outcomes are often small, and it has been questioned whether early interventions would be worthwhile in enhancing public health.
EFFECT OF MEMBRANE FATTY-ACID SUBSTITUTION AND TEMPERATURE ON REPAIR OF SUBLETHAL DAMAGE IN MAMMALIAN-CELLS; Repair of sublethal radiation damage (SLD) was investigated as a function of temperature in mouse fibroblast LM cells with different membrane lipid composition. Rigidification or fluidization of the cellular membranes was accomplished by incorporation of myristic acid and arachidonic acid, respectively, in the phospholipids of the membranes. The SLD repair after radiation was essentially the same for the cells with the more rigid (saturated fatty acid) membranes and the cells with the more  fluid (polyunsaturated fatty acid) membranes. This observation was made for repair at 37.degree. C as well as for repair at hypothermic temperatures. Incorporation of polyunsaturated fatty acid protected the cells against hypothermic death. Although membranes apparently are likely targets for cell killing by low temperature treatments, membrane lipids are probably not involved in the repair of sublethal radiation damage. Neither the degree of polyunsaturation of the lipids nor the degree of fluidity  of the membrane evidently is important for radiation-induced killing of mammalian cells.
Consumer perception versus scientific evidence about health benefits and safety risks from fish consumption; Objective: To investigate the gap between consumer perception and scientific evidence related to health benefits and safety risks from fish consumption.
Sustained positive impact of a coronary rehabilitation programme on adherence to dietary recommendations; Background. - Nutrition has a major influence after coronary events but long-term adherence to dietary advice is poorly evaluated.
Livers of terrestrial production animals as a source of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids for humans: An alternative to fish?; Long-chain polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids (LC-PUFA), including eicosapentaenoic (EPA), and docosahexaenoic (DHA) are an essential part of human diets, but their main source, the wild fish catch, is limited. Terrestrial production animals, such as cattle, pigs, and chicken, can synthesize these compounds from the plant-derived precursor -linolenic acid, and the synthesis occurs mainly in liver. We estimated the putative contribution of liver products to the LC-PUFA supply in human nutrition, as an alternative to fish. We measured EPA and DHA contents in raw and cooked livers of the animals. Calculations of global production of EPA and DHA in the livers of these animals were done. Mean contents of LC-PUFA in raw livers of chicken, pigs, and cattle were comparable with those in some fish. Culinary treatments of the liver did not result in a decrease of EPA and DHA contents. Global production of EPA and DHA in animals' livers was estimated as approximate to 410(6)kg/year, while the global EPA+DHA supply through the wild fish catch is known to be 18010(6)kg/year. Thus, liver of production animals is an additional source of LC-PUFA for human nutrition, rather than an alternative to fish. Practical applications: Consumption of food with a high PUFA content and a low n-6/n-3 ratio is recommended for humans to prevent cardiovascular disease and psychiatric disorders. We found that cooked pork and beef liver is a valuable source of n-3 LC-PUFA in human nutrition. In contrast, cooked chicken liver had too high of a n-6/n-3 ratio and, thereby, had a lower nutritive value concerning n-3 LC-PUFA. An estimate has been made of the putative contribution of liver products of terrestrial animals to the LC-PUFA supply as alternative to fish in human nutrition.
Specialized Proresolving Mediators in Symptomatic Women With Coronary Microvascular Dysfunction (from the Women's Ischemia Trial to Reduce Events in Nonobstructive CAD [WARRIOR] Trial); Resolvins and maresins, members of the specialized proresolving mediator (SPM) family, are omega-3 fatty acid-derived lipid mediators that attenuate inflammation. We hypothesized that they play a role in the pathophysiology of coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) in women with ischemia and no obstructive coronary disease. In a pilot study, we measured the D-series resolvins (D1, D2, D3, and D5), resolvin E1, maresin 1, docosahexaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (precursor of resolvin E1), and 18-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid by mass spectrometry in the peripheral blood of 31 women enrolled in the Women's Ischemia Trial to Reduce Events in Nonobstructive CAD (WARRIOR) trial who had confirmed CMD assessed by coronary flow reserve. We compared SPM levels with 12 gender and age-matched reference subjects. Compared with the reference subject group, those with CMD had significantly lower plasma concentrations of resolvin D1 and maresin 1 and significantly higher levels of docosahexaenoic acid and 18-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid. In conclusion, insufficient or ineffective SPM production may play a role in the pathophysiology of CMD. If our results are validated in a larger cohort, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation could be tested as a novel treatment for these patients. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enhancing total lipid and stearidonic acid yields in <i>Buglossoides arvensis</i> through PGPR inoculation; AimThis study was performed to identify bacterial isolates capable of enhancing total lipid and stearidonic acid (SDA) yields in Buglossoides arvensis.
A role for long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase-4 (ACSL4) in diet-induced phospholipid remodeling and obesity-associated adipocyte dysfunction; Objective: Regulation of fatty acid (FA) metabolism is central to adipocyte dysfunction during diet-induced obesity (DIO). Long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase-4 (ACSL4) has been hypothesized to modulate the metabolic fates of polyunsaturated FA (PUFA), including arachidonic acid (AA), but the in vivo actions of ACSL4 are unknown. The purpose of our studies was to determine the in vivo role of adipocyte ACSL4 in regulating obesity associated adipocyte dysfunction.
Fish oil and vitamin E change lipid profiles and anti-LDL-antibodies in two different ethnic groups of women transitioning through menopause; Background: studies have investigated the relationship between the transition through menopause and cardiovascular diseases. White population, generally, have lower levels of traditional coronary heart risk factors, particularly dyslipidemia, hypertension, obesity, and diabetes, and lower rates of coronary heart disease mortality, than black population. Furthermore many studies have shown the cardioprotective and anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid) of marine origin. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of omega-3 supplementation, combined or not with vitamin E, on oxidative biomarkers and lipid profiles in nonwhite and white women with dyslipidemia transitioning through menopause.
Lowering <i>n</i>-6/<i>n</i>-3 Ratio as an Important Dietary Intervention to Prevent LPS-Inducible Dyslipidemia and Hepatic Abnormalities in <i>ob/ob</i> Mice; Obesity is closely associated with low-grade chronic and systemic inflammation and dyslipidemia, and the consumption of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may modulate obesity-related disorders, such as inflammation and dyslipidemia. An emerging research question is to understand the dietary intervention strategy that is more important regarding n-3 PUFA consumption: (1) a lower ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFAs or (2) a higher amount of n-3 PUFAs consumption. To understand the desirable dietary intervention method of n-3 PUFAs consumption, we replaced lard from the experimental diets with either perilla oil (PO) or corn oil (CO) to have identical n-3 amounts in the experimental diets. PO had a lower n-6/n-3 ratio, whereas CO contained higher amounts of PUFAs; it inherently contained relatively lower n-3 but higher n-6 PUFAs than PO. After the 12-week dietary intervention in ob/ob mice, dyslipidemia was observed in the normal chow and CO-fed ob/ob mice; however, PO feeding increased the high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) level; further, not only did the HDL-C level increase, the low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglyceride (TG) levels also decreased significantly after lipopolysaccharide (LPS) injection. Consequently, extra TG accumulated in the liver and white adipose tissue (WAT) of normal chow- or CO-fed ob/ob mice after LPS injection; however, PO consumption decreased serum TG accumulation in the liver and WAT. PUFAs replacement attenuated systemic inflammation induced by LPS injection by increasing anti-inflammatory cytokines but inhibiting pro-inflammatory cytokine production in the serum and WAT. PO further decreased hepatic inflammation and fibrosis in comparison with the ND and CO. Hepatic functional biomarkers (aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine transaminase (ALT) levels) were also remarkably decreased in the PO group. In LPS-challenged ob/ob mice, PO and CO decreased adipocyte size and adipokine secretion, with a reduction in phosphorylation of MAPKs compared to the ND group. In addition, LPS-inducible endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and oxidative stress decreased with consumption of PUFAs. Taken together, PUFAs from PO and CO play a role in regulating obesity-related disorders. Moreover, PO, which possesses a lower ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFAs, remarkably alleviated metabolic dysfunction in LPS-induced ob/ob mice. Therefore, an interventional trial considering the ratio of n-6/n-3 PUFAs may be desirable for modulating metabolic complications, such as inflammatory responses and ER stress in the circulation, liver, and/or WAT.
Rapid adaptation of <i>Rhodococcus erythropolis</i> cells to salt stress by synthesizing polyunsaturated fatty acids; Bacterial cells are known to adapt to challenging environmental conditions such as osmotic stress. However, most of the work done in this field describes the adaptation of growing populations where the new generations acquire traits that improve their ability to survive. In the present study, the responses of Rhodococcus erythropolis cells within the first 30 min after exposure to osmotic stress caused by sodium chloride were studied. The cells changed the total lipid fatty acid composition and also the net surface charge in the 30 min following exposure. Surprisingly, the cells produced a high percentage of polyunsaturated fatty acids. In the presence of 7.5 % NaCl, these polyunsaturated fatty acids, mainly eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5 omega 3), arachidonic acid (C20:4 omega 6) and docosapentaenoic acid (C22:5 omega 3), comprise more than 36 % of the total fatty acids. The possible function of these very uncommon fatty acids in bacteria could be the decrease in the number of negatively charged groups in ion channels resulting in a repellence of the NaCl.
ANTIHYPERTENSIVE EFFECT OF DIETARY DOCOSAHEXA-ENOIC ACID (22/6N-3) IN STROKE-PRONE SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS; We previously reported that hypertension in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) caused renal membrane phospholipid degradation. Renal phospholipase A(2) activity increased and membranous phospholipids decreased with age in SHRSP. Membranous abnormalities induced by membrane fluidity and calcium permeability may contribute to the elevation of blood pressure in SHRSP. Docosahexa-enoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3) has a physiological effect on several important properties of biomembranes. The purpose of this study is to clarify the effect of DHA on the relationship between the renal function and the time-course of hypertension in SHRSP. Six week-old male SHRSP were fed a semi-purified diet supplemented with DHA (0%, 1% and 5%) for 14 weeks. The systolic blood pressure of control SHRSP (DHA 0%) was significantly increased from 120.2 mmHg to 202.9 mmHg. This increase in systolic blood pressure was significantly inhibited in a dose-dependent manner in SHRSP that received DHA diet (1% and 5%) io 167.8 mmHg and to 149.8 mmHg, respectively. Serum creatinine concentration and blood urea nitrogen were significantly decreased in DHA (5%)-treated SHRSP as compared to those of the control SHRSP. Renal dope decarboxylase activity of the control SHRSP was significantly decreased as compared to that of WKY. In DHA (5%)-treated SHRSP, dopa decarboxylase activity was increased and plasma dopamine concentration was intended to increase. An increase in dopaminergic tone was attributable to modulate sympathetic tone by DHA. These results suggest that DHA may prevent lipid alteration, renal membrane fluidity and prolong the time course of hypertension in SHRSP.
The health implications of changing linoleic acid intakes; Linoleic acid is the most prominent polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the Western diet. It is virtually found in every food we eat and is the predominant PUFA in land-based meats, dairy, vegetables, vegetable oils, cereals, fruits, nuts, legumes, seeds and breads. Because linoleic acid is the metabolic precursor of arachidonic acid and bioactive eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid, there is concern that dietary linoleic acid could augment tissue arachidonic acid content, eicosanoid formation and subsequently enhance the risk of and/or exacerbate conditions associated with acute and chronic diseases (i.e., cancers, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, neurological disorders, etc.). The following series of papers examines the impact of modifying dietary levels of linoleic acid on health outcomes. The authors were asked to start with current intakes of linoleic acid (adults) and determine if health outcomes would change if linoleic acid intake increased or decreased. The authors addressed changes in tissue arachidonic acid content and eicosanoid formation, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, and psychiatric disorders. (c) 2008 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Fish consumption is inversely associated with male lung cancer mortality in countries with high levels of cigarette smoking or animal fat consumption; Background A striking difference in fish consumption and lung cancer mortality (LCM) exists among populations worldwide. This study investigated the relation between fish consumption and LCM at the population level.
Fatty Acid Composition of Grain- and Grass-Fed Beef and Their Nutritional Value and Health Implication; Beef contains functional fatty acids such as conjugated linoleic acid and longchain fatty acids. This review summarizes results from studies comparing the fatty acid composition of beef from cattle fed either grass or grain-based feed. Since functional lipid components are contributed through dietary consumption of beef, the fatty acid composition is reported on mg/100 g of meat basis rather than on a percentage of total fat basis. Beef from grass-fed contains lesser total fat than that from grain-fed in all breeds of cattle. Reduced total fat content also influences the fatty acid composition of beef. A 100 g beef meat from grass-fed cattle contained 2,773 mg less total saturated fatty acids (SFA) than that from the same amount of grain-fed. Grass-fed also showed a more favorable SFA lipid profile containing less cholesterol-raising fatty acids (C12:0 to C16:0) but contained a lesser amount of cholesterol-lowering C18:0 than grain-fed beef. In terms of essential fatty acids, grass-fed beef showed greater levels of trans-vaccenic acid and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA; EPA, DPA, DHA) than grain-fed beef. Grass-fed beef also contains an increased level of total n-3 PUFA which reduced the n-6 to n-3 ratio thus can offer more health benefits than grain-fed. The findings signify that grass-fed beef could exert protective effects against a number of diseases ranging from cancer to cardiovascular disease (CVD) as evidenced by the increased functional omega3 PUFA and decreased undesirable SFA. Although grain-fed beef showed lesser EPA, DPA, and DHA, consumers should be aware that greater portions of grain-fed beef could also achieve a similar dietary intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids. Noteworthy, grain-fed beef contained higher total monounsaturated fatty acid that have beneficial roles in the amelioration of CVD risks than grass-fed beef. In Hanwoo beef, grain-fed showed higher EPA and DHA than grass-fed beef.
Low-dose docosahexaenoic acid lowers diastolic blood pressure in middle-aged men and women; The intake of (n-3) long-chain PUFA is associated with a decreased risk of fatal myocardial infarction. Whether this effect is attributable to the effects of docosahexaenoic acid [22:6(n-3) (DHA)l on vascular function, particularly at intakes < 1 g/d, is unknown. We report a randomized, double-blind, crossover, placebo controlled trial of 0.7 g DHA/d as a purified algal derived triacylglycerol (1.5 g/d)vs. placebo (1.5 g olive oil/d) on vascular function and biochemical indices of endothelial dysfunction in 38 healthy men and women, aged 40-65 y. Each treatment phase lasted 3 me, separated by a 4 mo washout period. Supplementation increased the proportion of DHA in erythrocytes lipids by 58%, compared with placebo. Arterial compliance and endothelium independent and dependent responses, plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein, soluble thrombomodulin, E-selectin, von Willebrand factor antigen, and urinary microalbumin and isoprostane excretion were unaffected by treatment. Diastolic blood pressure decreased by 3.3 mm Hg 95% Cl -6.1 to -0.6; P = 0.01). Heart rate tended to be 2.1 beats/min lower after DHA treatment than after the placebo period (P = 0.15). The results indicate that a moderate increase in the daily intake of DHA to similar to 0.7 g DHA lowers diastolic BP but does not influence indices of endothelial function or arterial stiffness in the short term.
Role of acyl-CoA synthetase ACSL4 in arachidonic acid metabolism; The activation of long-chain free fatty acids is the first step reaction of their usage in the cells and tissues, which are catalyzed by a family of enzymes called acyl-coenzyme A synthetases long-chain isoform (ACSL). The five ACSL enzymes identified in mammals are thought to have specific and differing functions. Among them, ACSL4 is a unique isozyme that preferentially catalyzes several polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as arachidonic acid (AA), and ACSL4 is thought to be an important isozyme for PUFA metabolism. Recent studies revealed that ACSL4 is involved in biological responses including inflammation, steroidogenesis, cell death, female fertility, and cancer. ACSL4 and its substrate PUFAs are thus likely to contribute to these responses. However, the roles of ACSL4 in PUFA metabolism are not fully understood. In this review, we describe the recent progress in ACSL4 research including the involvement of this enzyme in AA metabolism.
Individual fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes are associated with several features of the metabolic syndrome in obese children; PurposeObesity leads to the clustering of cardiovascular (CV) risk factors and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) also in children and is often accompanied by non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Quality of dietary fat, beyond the quantity, can influence CV risk profile and, in particular, omega-3 fatty acids (FA) have been proposed as beneficial in this setting. The aim of the study was to evaluate the associations of individual CV risk factors, characterizing the MetS, with erythrocyte membrane FA, markers of average intake, in a group of 70 overweight/obese children.MethodsWe conducted an observational study. Erythrocyte membrane FA were measured by gas chromatography. Spearman correlation coefficients (r(S)) were calculated to evaluate associations between FA and features of the MetS.ResultsMean content of Omega-3 FA was low (Omega-3 Index=4.70.8%). Not omega-3 FA but some omega-6 FA, especially arachidonic acid (AA), were inversely associated with several features of the MetS: AA resulted inversely correlated with waist circumference (r(S)=-0.352), triglycerides (r(S)=-0.379), fasting insulin (r(S)=-0.337) and 24-h SBP (r(S)=-0.313). Total amount of saturated FA (SFA) and specifically palmitic acid, correlated positively with waist circumference (r(S)=0.354), triglycerides (r(S)=0.400) and fasting insulin (r(S)=0.287). Fatty Liver Index (FLI), a predictive score of steatosis based on GGT, triglycerides and anthropometric indexes, was positively correlated to palmitic acid (r(S)=0.515) and inversely to AA (r(S)=-0.472).ConclusionsOur data suggest that omega-6 FA, and especially AA, could be protective toward CV risk factors featuring the MetS and also to indexes of hepatic steatosis in obese children, whereas SFA seems to exert opposite effects.
The Role of Micronutrients in Support of the Immune Response against Viral Infections; Viral infections are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, and the importance of public health practices including handwashing and vaccinations in reducing their spread is well established. Furthermore, it is well known that proper nutrition can help support optimal immune function, reducing the impact of infections. Several vitamins and trace elements play an important role in supporting the cells of the immune system, thus increasing the resistance to infections. Other nutrients, such as omega-3 fatty acids, help sustain optimal function of the immune system. The main aim of this manuscript is to discuss of the potential role of micronutrients supplementation in supporting immunity, particularly against respiratory virus infections. Literature analysis showed that in vitro and observational studies, and clinical trials, highlight the important role of vitamins A, C, and D, omega-3 fatty acids, and zinc in modulating the immune response. Supplementation with vitamins, omega 3 fatty acids and zinc appears to be a safe and low-cost way to support optimal function of the immune system, with the potential to reduce the risk and consequences of infection, including viral respiratory infections. Supplementation should be in addition to a healthy diet and fall within recommended upper safety limits set by scientific expert bodies. Therefore, implementing an optimal nutrition, with micronutrients and omega-3 fatty acids supplementation, might be a cost-effective, underestimated strategy to help reduce the burden of infectious diseases worldwide, including coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).
Cholesterol: where science and public health policy intersect; Current US guidelines for cholesterol recommend limiting intake of cholesterol to < 300 mg/day for the general population and < 200 mg/day for individuals with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. These recommendations, however, are at odds with international (e.g., Canada, United Kingdom, and Australia) guidelines that provide no specific numerical recommendation, but instead recommend reducing total fat intake and shifting fat consumption away from saturated and trans fats to unsaturated fats. A conference was held on December 3, 2008, to evaluate the data supporting current US nutrition policy recommendations to limit dietary cholesterol and analyze the consequences of this policy on the eating patterns and health of the US population. This review is a summary of the information and perspectives presented by conference speakers and discussed by conference participants.
Prevalence of US Adults with Triglycerides ≥ 150 mg/dl: NHANES 2007-2014; Introduction Hypertriglyceridemia is associated with increased atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) event risk, which persists even in statin-treated patients. The objective of this analysis was to estimate the prevalence of triglyceride (TG) levels >= 150 mg/dl in statin-treated adults with diabetes or ASCVD in the United States. Methods Laboratory data, medical history, and prescription data from 40,617 subjects who participated in the US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) spanning 8 years (four 2-year surveys; 2007-2014) were analyzed. Patients included were >= 20 years old and had morning fasting (at least 8.5 h) TG values available. The proportion and weighted number of individuals in the US population with TG >= 150 mg/dl was calculated according to statin use, as well as in key subgroups of statin-treated patients including those with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels < 100 mg/dl, type 2 diabetes, ASCVD, and those with type 2 diabetes and ASCVD. Results A total of 9593 subjects, projected to represent 219.9 million Americans, met the study entry criteria and were included in the analysis. Of these, 2523 had TG levels >= 150 mg/dl, translating to a prevalence of 25.9% and representing 56.9 million Americans. Among statin-treated adults, the proportion with TG levels >= 150 mg/dl was 31.6% (12.3 million) and ranged from 27.6 to 39.5% for those who also had LDL-C levels < 100 mg/dl and type 2 diabetes or ASCVD. Conclusions Over 12 million Americans are treated with a statin and have TG levels >= 150 mg/dl. Interventions such as icosapent ethyl that have been shown to reduce ASCVD event risk in this elevated TG population with type 2 diabetes or established ASCVD can provide substantial clinical benefit for these patients.
MR OF INTRACRANIAL EPIDERMOID TUMORS - CORRELATION OF INVIVO IMAGING WITH INVITRO C-13 SPECTROSCOPY; We analyzed the MR findings of five patients with benign intracranial epithelial tumors, commonly called epidermoids. The neoplasms were categorized into two groups on the basis of T1-weighted MR signal intensity (relative to brain): high-signal-intensity masses (short T1) and low-signal-intensity masses (long T1). Surgical specimens were obtained and analyzed by means of 13C MR spectroscopy. Epidermoids with short T1 values (white epidermoids) had a high lipid content comprising mixed triglycerides containing unsaturated fatty acid residues. Epidermoids with long T1 values (black epidermoids) exhibited a much reduced lipid content with no triglycerides or fatty acids. There was evidence of trace amounts of cholesterol in the black epidermoids. Our data indicate that epidermoids are a heterogeneous group of neoplasms that behave differently with T1-weighted MR imaging and 13C MR spectroscopy. The combination of MR imaging and spectroscopy holds the potential of further  elucidating the nature of epidermoids as well as of other forms of neoplasms.
Using our understanding of interactions between helminth metabolism and host immunity to target worm survival; Helminths can adapt to environmental conditions in the host, utilising anaerobic processes like fermentation and malate dismutation to produce energy from carbohydrate. Although targeting carbohydrate metabolism is an established therapeutic strategy to combat helminth infection, questions remain over the metabolic pathways they employ as adults to survive and evade host immunity. Helminths also use amino acid, polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and cholesterol metabolism, a possible strategy favouring the production of immunomodulatory compounds that may influence survival in the host. Here, we discuss the significance of these differing metabolic pathways and whether targeting of helminth metabolic pathways may allow for the development of novel anthelmintics.
Multi metabolomics-based analysis of application of <i>Astragalus membranaceus</i> in the treatment of hyperuricemia; Hyperuricemia (HUA) is a common metabolic disease that is an independent risk factor for comorbidities such as hypertension, chronic kidney disease, and coronary artery disease. The prevalence of HUA has increased over the last several decades with improved living standards and increased lifespans. Metabolites are considered the most direct reflection of individual physiological and pathological conditions, and represent attractive candidates to provide deep insights into disease phenotypes. Metabolomics, a technique used to profile metabolites in biofluids and tissues, is a powerful tool for identification of novel biomarkers, and can be used to provide valuable insights into the etiopathogenesis of metabolic diseases and to evaluate the efficacy of drugs. In this study, multi metabolomics-based analysis of the blood, urine, and feces of rats with HUA showed that HUA significantly altered metabolite profiles. Astragalus membranaceus (AM) and benbromomalone significantly mitigated these changes in blood and feces, but not in urine. Some crucial metabolic pathways including lipid metabolism, lipid signaling, hormones synthesis, unsaturated fatty acid (UFAs) absorption, and tryptophan metabolism, were seriously disrupted in HUA rats. In addition, AM administration exerted better treatment effects on HUA than benbromomalone. Furthermore, additional supplementation with UFAs and tryptophan may also induce therapeutic effects against HUA.
Beneficial effects of fish oil and cranberry juice on disease activity and inflammatory biomarkers in people with rheumatoid arthritis; Objectives: We sought to determine whether cranberry juice consumption would ameliorate laboratory and clinical measurements of disease activity in people with rheumatoid arthritis receiving fish oil supplementation.
Mitigating Traumatic Brain Injury: A Narrative Review of Supplementation and Dietary Protocols; Traumatic brain injuries (TBIs) constitute a significant public health issue and a major source of disability and death in the United States and worldwide. TBIs are strongly associated with high morbidity and mortality rates, resulting in a host of negative health outcomes and long-term complications and placing a heavy financial burden on healthcare systems. One promising avenue for the prevention and treatment of brain injuries is the design of TBI-specific supplementation and dietary protocols centred around nutraceuticals and biochemical compounds whose mechanisms of action have been shown to interfere with, and potentially alleviate, some of the neurophysiological processes triggered by TBI. For example, evidence suggests that creatine monohydrate and omega-3 fatty acids (DHA and EPA) help decrease inflammation, reduce neural damage and maintain adequate energy supply to the brain following injury. Similarly, melatonin supplementation may improve some of the sleep disturbances often experienced post-TBI. The scope of this narrative review is to summarise the available literature on the neuroprotective effects of selected nutrients in the context of TBI-related outcomes and provide an evidence-based overview of supplementation and dietary protocols that may be considered in individuals affected by-or at high risk for-concussion and more severe head traumas. Prophylactic and/or therapeutic compounds under investigation include creatine monohydrate, omega-3 fatty acids, BCAAs, riboflavin, choline, magnesium, berry anthocyanins, Boswellia serrata, enzogenol, N-Acetylcysteine and melatonin. Results from this analysis are also placed in the context of assessing and addressing important health-related and physiological parameters in the peri-impact period such as premorbid nutrient and metabolic health status, blood glucose regulation and thermoregulation following injury, caffeine consumption and sleep behaviours. As clinical evidence in this research field is rapidly emerging, a comprehensive approach including appropriate nutritional interventions has the potential to mitigate some of the physical, neurological, and emotional damage inflicted by TBIs, promote timely and effective recovery, and inform policymakers in the development of prevention strategies.
Determination of Fatty Acid Compositions of Some Raisin Cultivars in Turkey; In this study, total fat content and fatty acid composition of 3 raisin cultivars grown in Konya in Turkey were determined by gas chromatography. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were found to be higher than saturated fatty acid (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) in all samples. Palmitic acid was the major saturated fatty acid (15.84-24.23 % of total fatty acids) in all samples. Oleic acid was identified EIS the major monounsaturated fatty acids (9.72-16.01 % of total fatty acids) in all samples. Linoleic acid was the most abundant polyunsaturated fatty acids (47.80-60.74 % of total fatty acids) in all samples. It was shown that the fatty acid composition, omega 3/omega 6 fatty acids ratio and SFA/PUFA ratio between the raisin samples were varied.
Lipid-Lowering Therapies: A Review of Current and Future Options; Lipid-lowering therapy is used to reduce the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), with statins being the drugs of choice. Despite the use of statins, the risk of additional cardiovascular events persists. Based on lipid levels and estimates of ASCVD risk, statins are used in combination with other lipid-lowering therapies, such as ezetimibe, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors, and eicosapentaenoic acid-only omega-3 fatty acids. Overall, combinations of fenofibrate or niacin with a statin have failed to reduce ASCVD risk. Potentially effective drugs with novel lipid-lowering mechanisms are currently being investigated in clinical trials for use in patients with ASCVD or familial hypercholesterolemia.
Effects of purified eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid on platelet, fibrinolytic and vascular function in hypertensive type 2 diabetic patients; Background: Type 2 diabetes and hypertension are both associated with an increased risk of atherothrombosis. We assessed whether purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) from fish oil have differential effects on platelet, fibrinolytic and vascular function in patients with both conditions. Methods: In a double-blind placebo-controlled trial of parallel design, 59 treated-hypertensive Type 2 diabetic men and postmenopausal women, were randomised to 4 g/day of EPA, DHA or olive oil (placebo) for 6 weeks. Collagen and PAF-stimulated platelet aggregation, collagen-stimulated thromboxane release (TXB2), plasma tPA and PAI-1 antigens, von Willebrand factor, p-selectin, and flow-mediated and glyceryl-trinitrate-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery, were examined before and at the end of intervention. Results: Thirty-nine men and 12 women aged 61.2+/-1.2 year completed the study. Relative to placebo, DHA but not EPA supplementation significantly reduced collagen aggregation (16.9%, P = 0.05) and TXB2 (18.8%, P = 0.03). There were no significant changes in either PAF-stimulated platelet aggregation, fibrinolytic function or vascular function in either the EPA or DHA group relative to placebo. Conclusion: Highly purified DHA may be a more effective anti-thrombotic agent than EPA. However, longer-term studies assessing morbidity and mortality are needed in order to establish if DHA contributes to reducing CHD amongst Type 2 diabetic patients with treated hypertension. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of diet on lipid profile in HIV-infected patients; The implementation of highly active antiretroviral therapy has increased the life expectancy of people living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), thus reducing the number of deaths from acquired immune deficiency syndrome. Nowadays life expectancy of HIV(+) patients is comparable to those who are not infected. However, due to the use of antiretroviral therapy and the persistent immune activation and inflammation caused by HIV, other negative events may occur including dyslipidaemias, cardiovascular disorders, chronic kidney disease, early ageing, and neurocognitive impairment. It also increases the risk of developing metabolic syndrome and becomes a risk factor for cardiovascular disease: e.g. hypertension, brain stroke, and heart infarct. Comprehensive care of HIV patients with disturbed lipid profile includes lifestyle modifications such as dietary changes along with smoking cessation and has a beneficial effect on the lipid profile (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglyceride levels). Therefore, it can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, allows the patients to avoid additional pharmacotherapy, and can eliminate drug-drug interactions with antiretroviral drugs.
Effects of fish oil supplementation in late pregnancy on blood pressure: A randomised controlled trial; Objective To study the effect of fish oil supplementation on blood pressure during the third trimester of pregnancy.
Sex-Dimorphic Association of Plasma Fatty Acids with Cardiovascular Fitness in Young and Middle-Aged General Adults: Subsamples from NHANES 2003-2004; To explore the potential association of plasma fatty acids (FAs) and cardiovascular fitness level (CVFL), data of 449 subjects from 2003-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) were analyzed. Among these 249 men and 200 women, aged 20-50 years (33.4 +/- 8.4 year, mean +/- Standard Deviation), 79 low, 166 moderate and 204 high CVFL were categorized by age- and gender- specific percentile, respectively. Twenty-four fatty acids were quantified from fasting plasma. Higher levels of 2 very long-chain saturated FAs (VLSFAs): Arachidic acid (AR1, C20:0) and Docosanoic acid (DA1, C22:0) as well as 2 n-6 polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs): Arachidonic acid (AA, C20:4n-6) and Docosatetraenoic acid (DTA, C22:4n-6) were observed in the subjects with low CVFL. Notably this association exists only in men. Estimated maximal oxygen consumption (VO2max), the marker for cardiorespiratory fitness, was used for further regression analysis. After the adjustment of potential confounding factors (age, smoking, hypertension status, body mass index (BMI), insulin resistance status, and C-reactive protein (CRP), AA was the only FA correlated with low VO2max in women; while in men AR1, DA1, AA, and DTA remain negatively associated with VO2max. This preliminary analysis suggests a sex-dimorphic relationship between these plasma VLSFAs and n-6 PUFAs with CVFL and merits further investigation.
Saturated, n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiac arrhythmias; The dietary lipid intake in occidental countries is currently too high and the dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids/saturated fatty acids (P/S) ratio is too low. In rat, a rich saturated fatty acid diet decreased the cardiac performance and increased the ischemic ventricular arrhythmia occurence. Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) protect the myocardium against ventricular arrhythmias induced either by isoprenaline or by local ischemia. Selective changes in membrane phospholipids induced by dietary n-3 PUFA may be involved in the observed reduction of ischemic damage in the heart. The n-3 PUFA stabilize the electrical activity of isolated cardiac myocytes by a specific modulation of the sarcolemmal voltage-dependent sodium and the L-type calcium currents. This appeared to be the probable major antiarrhythmic mechanism of PUFA. In man, several long-term epidemiological surveys and some direct intervention trials suggest that n-3 PUFA rich diets reduce mortality from coronary artery heart diseases. It seems feasible to modulate the arrhythmic cardiovascular risk factors by decreasing the total amount of dietary fat and increasing the proportion of PUFA.
Cancer prevention in Europe: the Mediterranean diet as a protective choice; In the coming years, European death rates because of cancer will further decline, but the overall number of cases will increase, mostly as a consequence of the ageing of the population. The target for cancer prevention in Europe will remain a healthy diet and control of obesity in addition to a decrease in smoking. A healthy diet model in European countries is the traditional Mediterranean diet, which is based on abundant and variable plant foods, high consumption of cereals, olive oil as the main (added) fat, low intake of (red) meat and moderate consumption of wine. The Mediterranean diet is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer. The biological mechanisms for cancer prevention associated with the Mediterranean diet have been related to the favourable effect of a balanced ratio of omega 6 and omega 3 essential fatty acids and high amounts of fibre, antioxidants and polyphenols found in fruit, vegetables, olive oil and wine. The Mediterranean diet also involves a Mediterranean way of drinking', that is, regular, moderate consumption of wine mainly with food. This pattern of drinking increases longevity, reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and does not appreciably influence the overall risk of cancer. However, heavy alcohol drinking is associated with digestive, upper respiratory tract, liver and breast cancers; therefore, avoidance or restriction of alcohol consumption to two drinks/day in men and one drink/day in women is a global public health priority. European Journal of Cancer Prevention 22:90-95 (C) 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. European Journal of Cancer Prevention 2013, 22:90-95
Resolution of vascular injury: Specialized lipid mediators and their evolving therapeutic implications; Acute vascular injury occurs in a number of important clinical contexts, including spontaneous disease-related events (e.g. plaque rupture, thrombosis) and therapeutic interventions such as angioplasty, stenting, or bypass surgery. Endothelial cell (EC) disruption exposes the underlying matrix, leading to a rapid deposition of platelets, coagulation proteins, and leukocytes. A thrombo-inflammatory response ensues characterized by leukocyte recruitment, vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMC) activation, and the elaboration of cytokines, reactive oxygen species and growth factors within the vessel wall. A resolution phase of vascular injury may be described in which leukocyte efflux, clearance of debris, and re-endothelialization occurs. VSMC migration and proliferation leads to the development of a thickened neointima that may lead to lumen compromise. Subsequent remodeling involves matrix protein deposition, and return of EC and VSMC to quiescence. Recent studies suggest that specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators (SPM) modulate key aspects of this response, and may constitute an endogenous homeostatic pathway in the vasculature. SPM exert direct effects on vascular cells that counteract inflammatory signals, reduce leukocyte adhesion, and inhibit VSMC migration and proliferation. These effects appear to be largely G-protein coupled receptor-dependent. Across a range of animal models of vascular injury, including balloon angioplasty, bypass grafting, and experimental aneurysm formation, SPM accelerate repair and reduce lesion formation. With bioactivity in the pM-nM range, a lack of discernible cytotoxicity, and a spectrum of vasculo-protective properties, SPM represent a novel class of vascular therapeutics. This review summarizes current research in this field, including a consideration of critical next steps and challenges in translation. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS): T-cell immunodeficiency - Part 1; It is hypothesized that SIDS mimics AIDS and atopic eczema in that defective T lymphocytes and overactive B cells overstimulate pro-inflammatory cytokines in the mucosal immune system. Virally infected cells are unable to convert linoleic acid (LA) into gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) which eventually leads to defective T lymphocyte production. Abnormal lung cytokine synthesis by virus-induced immunodeficient T lymphocytes is associated with the murine AIDS-related complex (ARC). Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) deficient anaerobic cells cannot convert LA to GLA. It is hypothesized that, in SIDS victims, elevated levels of hypoxanthine and immunoglobulins are evidence of chronic hypoxemia and ATP catabolism, and an inability to convert LA to GLA, leading to defective T lymphocytes in the mucosal immune system. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Dietary fish or seafood consumption is not related to cerebrovascular disease risk in Twin Veterans; Background/Aims: The results of studies about dietary fish consumption and stroke risk have been conflicting. We sought to examine the relationship between dietary fish and seafood consumption and the risk of stroke or transient ischemic attack ( TIA). Methods: We used data from the National Academy of Sciences-National Research Council Twin Registry, a prospective cohort of white male twins born in the US ( 1917-1927). Participants were asked about fish and seafood consumption in 1972 and 1985. Self-report or death-certificate report of stroke or TIA was obtained in 1996-1998. Results: Among 5,355 participants, 579 (10.8%) had a stroke or TIA. In unmatched analyses, dietary fish and seafood consumption was not associated with stroke or TIA: 10.4% ( 91/872) of frequent fish or seafood consumers had a stroke or TIA versus 10.9% ( 488/4,483) of infrequent consumers, p = 0.70. In an analysis of matched twin pairs, frequent fish or seafood consumption was also not associated with stroke or TIA: hazard ratio 0.89, 95% CI 0.59-1.36. Conclusions: These data, from a prospective cohort of white male twins, do not support an association between dietary fish and seafood consumption and stroke or TIA. Copyright (C) 2007 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Comprehensive Investigation on Associations between Dietary Intake and Blood Levels of Fatty Acids and Colorectal Cancer Risk; Background: Increasingly, studies have discovered that different fatty acids (Fas) are linked to colorectal cancer (CRC) risk. Methods: We systematically searched Embase and Medline databases to identify eligible studies that examined the associations of different types of Fas with CRC risk. The effect estimates and their 95% confidence intervals (Cis) were pooled using a random-effects model. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were performed to examine the robustness of the study findings. Results: This study evaluated the associations of 28 dietary and 18 blood Fas with CRC risk by summarizing the most updated evidence from 54 observational and four Mendelian Randomization (MR) studies. The present findings suggested that high dietary intake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexanoic acid (DHA), and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) are related to low risk of CRC, while the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio and trans-FA are related to high risk of CRC. The summary of all cohort studies found that a high intake of SFA and DHA was a protective factor for CRC, and a high intake of the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio was a risk factor for CRC. In the subgroup analysis of cancer subsites, we found that the dietary intake of linoleic acid (LA) and trans-FA are risk factors, while DPA is a protective factor for colon cancer. High dietary DHA intake was associated with a lower risk of rectal cancer, while the dietary n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio was associated with a higher risk of rectal cancer. Meta-analysis of blood FA levels showed a significant reverse association between blood pentadecanoic acid and CRC risk, whilst other blood Fas showed no significant association with CRC risk. All included MR studies showed that high plasma arachidonic acid (AA) is associated with increased CRC risk. Conclusions: Current evidence on the dietary intake and blood levels of Fas in relation to CRC risk is less consistent. Future studies are needed to investigate how the metabolism of Fas contributes to CRC development.
Analysis of Serum Fatty Acids Profile in Kidney Transplant Recipients; Patients with end-stage kidney disease, treated with renal transplantation, are at increased risk of cardio-vascular disease (CVD) and cardio-vascular mortality. They are also characterized by an atherogenic dyslipidemia. Alterations of the fatty acids (FA) profile contribute to increased cardio-vascular risk in the general population. In the current study we test the hypothesis that kidney transplantation is associated with ab-normalities in FA profile. FA profile was analysed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in 198 renal transplant recipients, and 48 control subjects. The most profound differences between renal transplant patients and controls were related to the content of branched chain FA, monounsaturated FA, and n-6 polyunsaturated FA, respectively. The FA profile significantly separated the patients from the controls in the principal component analysis (PCA). The abnormalities of FA profile showed a tendency for normalization in long-term kidney recipients, as compared to patients with recent transplants. The n-3 PUFA content demonstrated a strong inverse association with the presence of inflammation. Most profound alterations of the FA profile were observed in patients with impaired graft function (glomerular filtration rate < 45 mL/min). The study demonstrated significant disorders of the FA profile in kidney transplant recipients, that might contribute to cardio-vascular risk in this vulnerable patient population.
Hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia is a commonly encountered lipid abnormality frequently associated with other lipid and metabolic derangements. The National Cholesterol Education Program recommends obtaining a fasting lipid panel in adults over the age of 20. The discovery of hypertriglyceridemia should prompt an investigation for secondary causes such as high fat diet, excessive alcohol intake, certain medications, and medical conditions (eg, diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism). In addition, patients should be evaluated for other components of the metabolic syndrome. These include abdominal obesity, insulin resistance, low high- density lipoprotein (HDL), high triglyceride, and hypertension. Hypertriglyceridemia is classified as primary hypertriglyceridemia when there are no secondary causes identified. Primary hypertriglyceridemia is the result of various genetic defects leading to disordered triglyceride metabolism. It is important to treat hypertriglyceridemia to prevent pancreatitis by reducing triglyceride levels to < 500 mg/dL. Furthermore, lowering triglycerides while treating other dyslipidemias and components of the metabolic syndrome will reduce coronary events. However, it is controversial how much isolated hypertriglyceridemia correlates directly with coronary artery disease and further studies are needed to clarify whether treatment for this condition leads to meaningful clinical outcomes. Therapeutic lifestyle changes (TLC) are the first line of treatment for hypertriglyceridemia. These changes include a low saturated fat, carbohydrate-controlled diet, combined with alcohol reduction, smoking cessation, and regular aerobic exercise. High doses of omega-3 fatty acids from fish and fish oil supplements will lower triglyceride levels significantly. When patients do not reach their goals by TLC, drug therapy should be started. In cases of isolated hypertriglyceridemia, fibrates are initially considered. When elevated low-density lipoprotein levels accompany hypertriglyceridemia, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors are preferred. In patients with low HDL levels and hypertriglyceridemia, extended release niacin can be considered. A combination of the medicines may be necessary in recalcitrant cases.
A distinctive fatty acid profile in circulating lipids of Korean gestational diabetics: A pilot study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient metabolic disorder that is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Previously, GDM was associated with reduced red cell long-chain omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in population (British) with high intake of total and saturated fat. The aim of the study was to examine blood fatty acids status of GDM patients (n = 12) and normoglycaemic women (control, n = 12) from South Korea where typical diet retains high omega-3 fat with low total fat intake. Subjects were matched for BMI and gestation week. Blood obtained at delivery were analyzed for plasma triacylglycerols (TG), phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingomyelin (SM), and red cell PC, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and SM fatty acids. GDM patients had lower total saturated fatty acids (SFA) in the plasma TG (p < 0.05) and PC (p < 0.0001), and higher omega-6 and omega-3 metabolites in the plasma PC (p < 0.05) than the controls. Conversely, the red cell PC and PE of the GDM contained higher proportions of palmitic (p < 0.05) and SFA (p < 0.05) but lower arachidonic (p < 0.05) and docosahexaenoic (p > 0.05) acids compared with the controls. Interestingly, red cell PC arachidonic acid level was comparable between Korean and British women whereas docosahexaenoic acid level decreased in the order of Korean control (5.5 +/- 0.9) > Korean GDM (3.5 +/- 2.1) = British control (3.9 +/- 2.9) > British GDM (2.8 +/- 2.3) (p < 0.05). The similarity in the plasma and red cell fatty acids profile between Korean and British cohort suggests that the reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in GDM might be attributed to the effect of the disease itself regardless of ethnicity, obesity, or diet. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Eicosapentaenoic Acid/Docosahexaenoic Acid on Coronary High-Intensity Plaques Detected Using Noncontrast T1-weighted Imaging: The AQUAMARINE EPA/DHA Randomized Study; Aim: Omega-3 fatty acids have emerged as a new option for controlling the residual risk for coronary artery disease (CAD) in the statin era. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is associated with reduced CAD risk in the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention trial, whereas the Statin Residual Risk with Epanova in High Cardiovascular Risk Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia trial that used the combination EPA/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has failed to derive any clinical benefit. These contradictory results raise important questions about whether investigating the antiatherosclerotic effect of omega-3 fatty acids could help to understand their significance for CAD-risk reduction.Methods: The Attempts at Plaque Vulnerability Quantification with Magnetic Resonance Imaging Using Noncontrast T1-weighted Technic EPA/DHA study is a single-center, triple-arm, randomized, controlled, open -label trial used to investigate the effect of EPA/DHA on high-risk coronary plaques after 12 months of treatment, detected using cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) in patients with CAD receiving statin therapy. Eligible patients were randomly assigned to no-treatment, 2-g/day, and 4-g/day EPA/DHA groups. The primary endpoint was the change in the plaque-to-myocardium signal intensity ratio (PMR) of coronary high-intensity plaques detected by CMR. Coronary plaque assessment using computed tomography angiography (CTA) was also investigated.Results: Overall, 84 patients (mean age: 68.2 years, male: 85%) who achieved low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels of <100 mg/dL were enrolled. The PMR was reduced in each group over 12 months. There were no significant differences in PMR changes among the three groups in the primary analysis or analysis including total lesions. The changes in CTA parameters, including indexes for detecting high-risk features, also did not differ.Conclusion: The EPA/DHA therapy of 2 or 4 g/day did not significantly improve the high-risk features of coronary atherosclerotic plaques evaluated using CMR under statin therapy.
Dietary fatty acids intake and mortality in patients with heart failure; Objective: Dietary strategies in heart failure (HF) are focused on sodium and fluid restriction to minimize the risk for acute volume overload episodes. However, the importance of dietary factors beyond sodium intake in the prognosis of the disease is uncertain. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the association of macro- and micronutrients intake on 1-y mortality in patients with HF.
Application of polyunsaturated fatty acids in internal medicine: beyond the established cardiovascular effects; n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are organic acids, essential for mammals, whose deficiency is associated with different diseases. The American Heart Association recommends that all adults increase food-derived n-3 PUFA intake and also suggests that patients with documented coronary heart disease consume approximately 1 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid per day. However, recent evidence broadens their potential application to many other health disorders directly or indirectly associated with cardiovascular disease risk such as rheumatological diseases, mood depression, chronic kidney disease, chronic inflammatory lung diseases and others. These effects seem to be largely dependent on the dosages employed and on the characteristics of the selected patients. The cardiometabolic effects of PUFAs have been largely reviewed elsewhere, so the aim of our review is to point out the potential usefulness of such drugs with pleiotropic effects in the management of the actual typical aging patient, with co-morbidities and multidrug therapies.
Cellular and molecular events mediated by docosahexaenoic acid-derived neuroprotectin D1 signaling in photoreceptor cell survival and brain protection; Deficiency in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is associated with impaired visual and neurological postnatal development, cognitive decline, macular degeneration, and other neurodegenerative diseases. DHA is an omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acyl chain concentrated in phospholipids of brain and retina, with photoreceptor cells displaying the highest content of DHA of all cell membranes. The identification and characterization of neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1, 10R, 17S-dihydroxy-docosa-4Z,7Z,11E,13E,15Z,19Z-hexaenoic acid) contributes in understanding the biological significance of DHA. In oxidative stress-challenged human retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells, human brain cells, or rat brains undergoing ischemia-reperfusion, NPD1 synthesis is enhanced as a response for sustaining homeostasis. Thus, neurotrophins, A beta peptide 42 (A beta 42), calcium ionophore A23187, interleukin (IL)-1 beta or DHA supply enhances NPD1 synthesis. NPD1, in turn, up-regulates the antiapoptotic proteins of the Bcl-2 family and decreases the expression of proapoptotic Bcl-2 family members. Moreover, NPD1 inhibits IL-1 beta-stimulated expression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2). Because both RPE and photoreceptors are damaged and then die in retinal degenerations, elucidating how NPD1 signaling contributes to retinal cell survival may lead to a new understanding of disease mechanisms. In human neural cells, DHA attenuates amyloid-beta (A beta) secretion, resulting in concomitant formation of NPD1. NPD1 was found to be reduced in the Alzheimer's disease (AD) cornu ammonis region 1 (CA1) hippocampal region, but not in other areas of the brain. The expression of key enzymes for NPD1 biosynthesis, cytosolic phospholipase A(2) (cPLA(2)), and 15-lipoxygenase (15-LOX) was found altered in the AD hippocampal CA1 region. NPD1 repressed A beta 42-triggered activation of pro-inflammatory genes and upregulated the antiapoptotic genes encoding Bcl-2, Bcl-xl, and Bfl-1 (A1) in human brain cells in culture. Overall, these results support the concept that NPD1 promotes brain and retina cell survival via the induction of antiapoptotic and neuroprotective gene-expression programs that suppress A beta 42-induced neurotoxicity and other forms of cell injury, which in turn fosters homeostasis during development in aging, as well as during the initiation and progression of neurodegenerative diseases. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Would you Like Some More Health? Relevance of Supplementations and Functional Food for the Diet in Elderly; In general healthy elderly receive vitamins and minerals in sufficient quantity. However, a third of this age group is supplementing its diet. In terms of evidence-based medicine a supplementation is only recommended in cases of deficiency. This occurs occasionally in nursing homes or hospitals. The intake of high doses of antioxidants in not indicated since it is associated with an increased risk. For the evaluation of function food several studies for omega-3 fatty acid, prebiotics as well as probiotics have been conducted. omega-3 fatty acids have anti-inflammatory effects and decrease the mortality of sudden cardiac arrest. For elderly, pre- and probiotics can be useful in treating diarhea and obstipation and for the stimulation of the immune system.
ANGPTL3 deficiency alters the lipid profile and metabolism of cultured hepatocytes and human lipoproteins; Loss-of-function (LOF) mutations in ANGPTL3, an inhibitor of lipoprotein lipase (LPL), cause a drastic reduction of serum lipoproteins and protect against the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Therefore, ANGPTL3 is a promising therapy target. We characterized the impacts of ANGPTL3 depletion on the immortalized human hepatocyte (IHH) transcriptome, lipidome and human plasma lipoprotein lipidome. The transcriptome of ANGPTL3 knock-down (KD) cells showed altered expression of several pathways related to lipid metabolism. Accordingly, ANGPTL3 depleted IHH displayed changes in cellular overall fatty acid (FA) composition and in the lipid species composition of several lipid classes, characterized by abundant n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs). This PUFA increase coincided with an elevation of lipid mediators, among which there were species relevant for resolution of inflammation, protection from lipotoxic and hypoxia-induced ER stress, hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance or for the recovery from cardiovascular events. Cholesterol esters were markedly reduced in ANGPTL3 KD IHH, coinciding with suppression of the SOAT1 mRNA and protein. ANGPTL3 LOF caused alterations in plasma lipoprotein FA and lipid species composition. All lipoprotein fractions of the ANGPTL3 LOF subjects displayed a marked drop of 18:2n-6, while several highly unsaturated triacylglycerol (TAG) species were enriched. The present work reveals distinct impacts of ANGPTL3 depletion on the hepatocellular lipidome, transcriptome and lipid mediators, as well as on the lipidome of lipoproteins isolated from plasma of ANGPTL3-deficient human subjects. It is important to consider these lipidomics and transcriptomics findings when targeting ANGPTL3 for therapy and translating it to the human context.
Comparison of the clinical effectiveness of treatments for aromatase inhibitor-induced arthralgia in breast cancer patients: A systematic review with network meta-analysis; Aromatase inhibitor-induced arthralgia (AIA) contributes to poor adherence of aromatase inhibitor therapies in patients with breast cancer. A systematic review using network meta-analysis (NMA) was conducted to examine the clinical effectiveness of multiple therapies and rank probabilities for the management of AIA. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing treatments for AIA in postmenopausal women with stage 0-III hormone receptor-positive breast cancer were searched from inception to October 2021. The main NMA involved 1516 participants from 17 RCTs. Acupuncture was the highest ranked intervention to improve pain intensity followed by sham acupuncture, multicomponent herbal medicine, exercise, duloxetine, vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, physical therapy, testosterone, and inactive controls. Single natural products were inferior to controls. The current review provides new insights into the management of AIA in breast cancer survivors for increased survival and can be utilized to make evidence-based decisions regarding treatment.
A Phospholipid-Protein Complex from Krill with Antioxidative and Immunomodulating Properties Reduced Plasma Triacylglycerol and Hepatic Lipogenesis in Rats; Dietary intake of marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can change the plasma profile from atherogenic to cardioprotective. In addition, there is growing evidence that proteins of marine origin may have health benefits. We investigated a phospholipid-protein complex (PPC) from krill that is hypothesized to influence lipid metabolism, inflammation, and redox status. Male Wistar rats were fed a control diet (2% soy oil, 8% lard, 20% casein), or diets where corresponding amounts of casein and lard were replaced with PPC at 3%, 6%, or 11% (wt %), for four weeks. Dietary supplementation with PPC resulted in significantly lower levels of plasma triacylglycerols in the 11% PPC-fed group, probably due to reduced hepatic lipogenesis. Plasma cholesterol levels were also reduced at the highest dose of PPC. In addition, the plasma and liver content of n-3 PUFAs increased while n-6 PUFAs decreased. This was associated with increased total antioxidant capacity in plasma and increased liver gene expression of mitochondrial superoxide dismutase (Sod2). Finally, a reduced plasma level of the inflammatory mediator interleukin-2 (IL-2) was detected in the PPC-fed animals. The present data show that PPC has lipid-lowering effects in rats, and may modulate risk factors related to cardiovascular disease progression.
Preclinical pharmacology of a lipophenol in a mouse model of light-induced retinopathy; Experimental & Molecular Medicine: Vision loss: Shedding light on how to prevent retinal damage Treating retinal damage in both aging and young patients might now be easier, thanks to treatment with a lipophenol, an omega-3 fatty acid linked to an antioxidant. The retina is the part of the eye that senses light, aided by light-sensitive pigments. However, these light-sensitive pigments can be converted by light to toxic byproducts, and in some individuals, these toxic byproducts can accumulate, damaging the retina and leading to vision loss. Philippe Brabet at the Montpellier Institute of Neuroscience in France and co-workers found that lipophenol treatment protected retinal cells from damage in a mouse model of retinal disease, and that a single dose has been effective in preserving vision. These results may help in finding new treatments for retinal diseases such as Stargardt disease and age-related macular degeneration.
Apoptotic death of pancreatic cancer cells induced by polyunsaturated fatty acids varies with double bond number and involves an oxidative mechanism; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), reported to be cytotoxic at micromolar concentrations for cancer cells in vitro and in vivo, are currently being tested in clinical trials as anti-cancer agents. This study has shown that seven PUFAs all inhibited the growth in vitro of three pancreatic cancer cell lines and the HL-60 leukaemic cell line. Five PUFAs induced cell death within 20-30 h, but two less potent PUFAs induced death between 50 and 75 h. Apoptosis was demonstrated to be the mode of cell death by light, UV fluorescence, and electron microscopy, together with studies of DNA fragmentation. In a time-course study of PUFA-treated Mia-Pa-Ca-2 cells, apoptosis accounted for an average of 80 per cent of the loss of viability, with 'secondary necrosis', a feature of late apoptosis, apparently accounting for the remainder. Correlations were found between the number of fatty acid double bonds and the proportion of cells undergoing apoptosis induced in both Mia-Pa-Ca-2 cells (R=0.88, P=0.0001) and HL-60 cells (R=0.85, P=0.0001) and inversely with the micromolar concentrations of PUFAs required for 50 per cent inhibition of growth (IC50) of Mia-Pa-Ca-2 cells (R=-0.73, P=0.05). Cell death was preceded by progressively increasing lipid peroxidation. The extent of PUFA-induced lipid peroxidation, measured as malondialdehyde (MDA), also correlated with the proportion of apoptosis induced in Mia-Pa-Ca-2 cells (R=0.69, P=0.025) or HL-60 cells (R=0.64, P=0.043), as well as with the number of fatty acid double bonds (R=0.82, P=0.0015). PUFA-induccd apoptosis was oxidative, being blocked by both vitamin E acetate and sodium selenite, the latter in a critically time-dependent manner. The cytotoxic effects of exposure to a PUFA and to gamma-irradiation simultaneously with, or prior to, the addition of PUFA. (C) 1998 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Fatty Acid Composition of Epicardial and Subcutaneous Human Adipose Tissue; Background: Epicardial adipose tissue has special properties that distinguish it from the more widely studied depots of adipose tissue.
Dietary Sources of Linoleic Acid (LA) Differ by Race/Ethnicity in Adults Participating in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) between 2017-2018; Linoleic acid (LA) is a primary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), which is of interest to nutritional professionals as it has been associated with health outcomes. However, as some LA-rich foods offer protection against chronic diseases such as CVD (e.g., fatty fish), while others increase risk (e.g., red meat), the individual foods contributing to LA intake may be an important factor to consider. Therefore, this analysis sought to examine whether there are racial/ethnic differences in the proportion of overall LA intake accounted for by individual food groups, via a cross-sectional analysis of 3815 adults participating in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES; 2017-2018 cycle). Separate multivariable linear regressions models specified the proportion of overall LA intake attributable to each of the nine food groups (dairy, eggs, fat, fish, fruits and vegetables, grains, meat, nuts, and sweets) as the outcome, and race/ethnicity as the predictor, with age, gender, and socioeconomic status (SES) as covariates, in order to estimate whether there were mean differences by race/ethnicity in the proportion of overall LA intake attributable to each of these foods seperately. After a Bonferroni correction for multiple testing, eggs, grains, fruits and vegetables, meat, and fish each accounted for a different proportion of overall LA intake according to racial/ethnic grouping (all p < 0.006 after a Bonferroni correction). These findings indicate the food sources of LA in the diet differ by race/ethnicity, and warrant future investigations into whether this plays a role in health disparities.
Stearidonic Acid Concentration by Urea Complexation from Echium Oil; Concentration of polyunsaturated fatty acids ethyl esters (FAEE) by urea complexation from Echium oil was studied. Different variables involved in the process were investigated: amount and particle size of urea, solvent volume and ratio (hexane/ethanol), load of FAEE and reaction time. Hence, the main goal was to optimize SDA concentration (%) and yield (%) of stearidonic acid (SDA, 18:4 (omega-3) and other bioactive FAEE. Similar behaviors were observed in fractionation between a-linolenic (ALA)-linoleic (LA), and gamma-linolenic (GLA)-stearidonic (SDA) acids, attributed to similarities on their chemical structures, due to the position of the double bonds. At laboratory scale, the optimal conditions were 3 g urea (powder), 3.6 mL of hexane, 0.54 mL of ethanol and 800 mg of FAEE, during 20 h at 25 degrees C. A scaling-up at pilot plant was carried out twice, obtaining more than 100 g of a final product, with similar to 29% SDA concentration and similar to 78% yield. Besides, after two washings with water, ethyl carbamates (urethanes) were not detected in the final product. Thus, a mixture of FAEE with about 85% of bioactive fatty acids with anti-inflammatory properties was obtained, which can be a high added-value product with great potential for the synthesis of functional lipids and nutraceuticals.
Calcification of the heart: mechanisms and therapeutic avenues; Introduction: Coronary artery calcification (CAC) is reflective of atherosclerotic disease and incrementally predictive of future cardiovascular events (CVE), independent of traditional risk factors. Extra coronary calcium such as aortic valve calcification, which can be identified and quantified by computed tomography (CT) imaging, has shown to predict future CVE in both asymptomatic and symptomatic (i.e. stable angina and acute coronary syndrome [ACS]) settings. It has hence been a vital tool in studies involving new therapies for cardiovascular disease.
Nutrition impacts the prevalence of peripheral arterial disease in the United States; Objective: Traditional recommendations for peripheral arterial disease (PAD) risk factor reduction include smoking cessation, low-fat/low-salt diet, exercise, and optimal medical management of chronic disease. Little attention has been paid to the role of dietary supplementation of specific nutrients in the prevention of PAD.
Hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is commonly encountered in lipid and cardiology clinics. Severe HTG warrants treatment because of the associated increased risk of acute pancreatitis. However, the need to treat, and the correct treatment approach for patients with mild to moderate HTG are issues for ongoing evaluation. In the past, it was felt that triglyceride does not directly contribute to development of atherosclerotic plaques. However, this view is evolving, especially for triglyceride-related fractions and variables measured in the non-fasting state. Our understanding of the etiology, genetics and classification of HTG states is also evolving. Previously, HTG was considered to be a dominant disorder associated with variation within a single gene. The old nomenclature includes the term "familial" in the names of several hyperlipoproteinemia (HLP) phenotypes that included HTG as part of their profile, including combined hyperlipidemia (HLP type 2B), dysbetalipoproteinemia (HLP type 3), simple HTG (HLP type 4) and mixed hyperlipidemia (HLP type 5). This old thinking has given way to the idea that genetic susceptibility to HTG results from cumulative effects of multiple genetic variants acting in concert. HTG most is often a "polygenic" or "multigenic" trait. However, a few rare autosomal recessive forms of severe HTG have been defined. Treatment depends on the overall clinical context, including severity of HTG, concomitant presence of other lipid disturbances, and the patient's global risk of cardiovascular disease. Therapeutic strategies include dietary counselling, lifestyle management, control of secondary factors, use of omega-3 preparations and selective use of pharmaceutical agents.
Current Insights in Nutrition Assessment and Intervention for Malnutrition or Muscle Loss in People with Lung Cancer: A Narrative Review; Statement of Significance: Malnutrition and muscle loss affect as many as 70% of people receiving treatment for lung cancer and are associated with serious adverse outcomes for patients and high cost to the health system. Early nutrition intervention to prevent or treat malnutrition and muscle loss is vital to reduce the risk of mortality and treatment complications. This review presents the current evidence for the efficacy of nutrition interventions in people with lung cancer.
Association of body weight and body condition with survival in dogs with heart failure; Background: Obesity is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in people, but overweight and obese human heart failure patients have improved survival compared with normal- or underweight controls-the obesity paradox. The purpose of this study was to determine if there is an association of body weight and body condition with survival in dogs with heart failure.
Vascular aspects of cognitive impairment and dementia; Hypertension and stroke are highly prevalent risk factors for cognitive impairment and dementia. Alzheimer's disease (AD) and vascular dementia (VaD) are the most common forms of dementia, and both conditions are preceded by a stage of cognitive impairment. Stroke is a major risk factor for the development of vascular cognitive impairment (VCI) and VaD; however, stroke may also predispose to AD. Hypertension is a major risk factor for stroke, thus linking hypertension to VCI and VaD, but hypertension is also an important risk factor for AD. Reducing these two major, but modifiable, risk factors-hypertension and stroke-could be a successful strategy for reducing the public health burden of cognitive impairment and dementia. Intake of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-n3-FA) and the manipulation of factors involved in the renin-angiotensin system (e.g. angiotensin II or angiotensin-converting enzyme) have been shown to reduce the risk of developing hypertension and stroke, thereby reducing dementia risk. This paper will review the research conducted on the relationship between hypertension, stroke, and dementia and also on the impact of LC-n3-FA or antihypertensive treatments on risk factors for VCI, VaD, and AD.
Novel high-oleic oil consumption for cardiometabolic health: a narrative review; Several cardiometabolic disorders are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), and prevention is imperative in reducing the burden of these diseases on the healthcare system. Although novel high-oleic acid oils (HOOs) are now commonly used for high-temperature frying in both foodservice and the manufacture of processed foods, there are still limited data regarding their effects on CVD risk. This narrative review aims to clarify these effects by comparing HOOs with saturated fatty acid (SFA)-rich and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich oils, first regarding their physicochemical properties and then concerning their effects on CVD risk factors using recent randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Overall, although HOOs are more stable than PUFA-rich oils, they do not have the same high-temperature stability as SFA-rich oils. RCTs demonstrate that HOO consumption improves the plasma lipid profile compared with SFA-rich oils while showing similar effects to those of PUFA-rich oils on CVD risk factors. Finally, the current literature lacks information on the actual consumption of HOOs, their long-term effects on cardiometabolic health, and the impact of prolonged heating of these oils on CVD risk factors. In sum, the short-term intake of HOOs may be beneficial for cardiometabolic health; however, more research is needed.
SOYBEAN OIL, BLACK-CURRANT SEED OIL, MEDIUM-CHAIN TRIGLYCERIDES, AND PLASMA PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACIDS OF STRESSED PATIENTS; Thirty-six adult severe head injury and cerebral stroke patients in four intensive-care units were randomized to receive one of three enteral diets for 21 days. These diets, which supplied 45% of calories from fat, differed only in lipid composition. Diet A was comprised of 100% soybean oil, diet B contained a 50:50 (wt/wt) mixture of soybean oil and medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs), and diet C contained 42.5% MCT, 50% soybean oil, and 7.5% blackcurrant seed oils. Plasma phosphatidylcholine and fatty acid composition of plasma total phospholipids were determined before initiating treatment (day 0) and weekly throughout the study. Results indicated that at the start of the study, all patients had low linoleic acid (18:2omega6) levels compared with healthy subjects. Emulsion A disturbed the balance between several fatty acids of the omega6 series, as exemplified by the significant increase in 18:2omega6 proportions. In contrast, both emulsions B and C introduced a less-pronounced rise in 18:2omega6 associated for emulsion C with a significant increase in dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (20:3omega6) and docosapentaenoic acid (22:5omega3) in plasma phospholipids. Furthermore, 18:3omega6 change was significantly different between groups A and C and that of 20:3omega6 between group A and both groups B and C. Throughout the study, arachidonic acid (20:4omega6) exhibited remarkable steady-state levels regardless of the diet. This study shows that providing the injured body with high amounts of 18:2omega6 does not lead to high levels of its upper derivatives in plasma phospholipids. Dividing the soybean oil supply by 50% through an addition of MCT and supplementation with gamma-linolenic (18:3omega6) and stearidonic (18:4omega3) acids modifies the balance of some eicosanoid precursors in a way that may be more suited to stressed patients.
Association of Seafood Consumption, Brain Mercury Level, and <i>APOE</i> ε<i>4</i> Status With Brain Neuropathology in Older Adults; IMPORTANCE Seafood consumption is promoted for its many health benefits even though its contamination by mercury, a known neurotoxin, is a growing concern.
Effects of krill oil on endothelial function and other cardiovascular risk factors in participants with type 2 diabetes, a randomized controlled trial; Objective: The purpose of this trial was to evaluate the effect of krill oil supplementation, a source of omega-3 fatty acids, on cardiovascular disease risk factors and blood glucose control among participants with type 2 diabetes.
Association of Physical Activity With Bioactive Lipids and Cardiovascular Events; BACKGROUND: To clarify the mechanisms underlying physical activity (PA)-related cardioprotection, we examined the association of PA with plasma bioactive lipids (BALs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. We additionally performed genome-wide associations.
DEPRESSION AND HEART DISEASES: LEADING HEALTH PROBLEMS; Depression is the most common psychiatric disorder in the world population and the most frequent mental disorder in a primary health care. Unrecognized and untreated depression is associated with a poor outcome of treated chronic diseases which co-exist with depression. Depression and cardiovascular diseases are bidirectional related conditions, risks are for each other, and they often co-exist. Depression is a common disorder in cardiovascular patients with a prevalence of 20% to 45%, which is much more frequent than in the general population. In cardiac patients with acute myocardial infarction, depression occurs three times more often than in the general population. Depression has a direct effect on the pathophysiological changes of various organ systems, changing the values of blood pressure, heart rate, vasomotor tone, vascular resistance, blood viscosity and plasma volume. The potential mechanism for developing heart disease in depressed patients includes hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal gland dysfunction, increased proinflammatory and prothrombotic factor activity, reduced omega-3 fatty acids, reduced heart rate variability, smoking, physical inactivity, reduced mood, self-esteem and self-efficacy.
Triglycerides: Do They Matter? The growing consensus is that they do, and a variety of lifestyle and pharmacologic treatments are available; Since the introduction of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, also known as statins, as an adjunct to diet in the treatment of hyperlipidemia and the greater emphasis placed on reducing low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in the prevention of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (CVD), there has been less focus on the value of lowering serum triglyceride levels. Many patients are aware of their "good" and "bad" cholesterol levels, but they may not be aware of their triglyceride level or of the association between high triglycerides and the development of CVD. In recent years, however, in light of the increasing incidences of obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes, lowering triglyceride levels has gained renewed interest. In addition to the focus on lowering LDL cholesterol levels in CVD prevention, clinicians need to be aware of the role of triglycerides-their contribution to CVD, and the causes and treatment of hypertriglyceridemia.
Specific uptake of DHA by the brain from a structured phospholipid, AceDoPC<SUP>®</SUP>; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6 omega-3) is highly enriched in the brain and is required for proper brain development and function. Its deficiency has been shown to be linked with the emergence of neurological diseases. Dietary omega-3 fatty acid supplements including DHA have been suggested to improve neuronal development and enhance cognitive functions. Findings suggested that DHA is better incorporated into the brain when esterified at the sn-2 position of a lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC-DHA). AceDoPC (R) is a structured phospholipid or acetyl-LysoPC-DHA. As previously shown for LysoPC-DHA, AceDoPC (R) is a specific and preferred carrier of DHA to the brain. When AceDoPC (R) was injected to rats that were subjected to an ischemic stroke, it prevents the extension of brain lesions. Regarding the essential role of DHA for cerebral functions, targeting the brain with specific carriers of DHA might provide novel therapeutic approaches to neurodegenerative diseases.
A review of the effects of vitamins and other dietary supplements on seizure activity; The role of pharmacological and surgical management of epilepsy continues to expand, but these treatments are often associated with significant side effects and morbidity. As a result, many patients with epilepsy and their physicians alike have gained interest in the role of vitamins and other dietary supplements for seizure management. In this review, we examine the potential anticonvulsant and proconvulsant effects of commonly used dietary supplements, as well as their potential effects on cognition or behavior. Our review was conducted through a literature search focusing on clinical trials involving patients with epilepsy and their seizure response to dietary supplementation. We summarize findings from previous clinical studies and comment on practical considerations regarding dietary supplementation for patients with epilepsy. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lipidomics Profiling of Human Adipose Tissue Identifies a Pattern of Lipids Associated with Fish Oil Supplementation; To understand the interaction between diet and health, biomarkers that accurately reflect consumption of foods of perceived health relevance are needed. The aim of this investigation was to use direct infusion mass spectrometry (DI-MS) lipidomics to determine the effects of fish oil supplementation on lipid profiles of human adipose tissue. Adipose tissue samples from an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation study (n = 66) were analyzed to compare the pattern following supplementation equivalent to zero or four portions of oily fish per week. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were incorporated into highly unsaturated (>= 5 double bonds) triglycerides (TGs), phosphocholines, and phosphoethanolamines as well as being detected directly as the nonesterified fatty acid forms. Multivariate statistics demonstrated that phospholipids were the most accurate and sensitive lipids for the assessing EPA and DHA incorporation into adipose tissue. Potential confounding factors (adiposity, age, and sex of the subject) were also considered in the analysis, and adiposity was also associated with an increase in highly unsaturated TGs as a result of incorporation of the n-6 PUFA arachidonic acid. DI-MS provides a high-throughput analysis of fatty acid status that can monitor oily fish consumption, suitable for use in cohort studies.
Tofu and fish oil independently modulate serum lipid profiles in rats: Analyses of 10 class lipoprotein profiles and the global hepatic transcriptome; Soy protein and fish oil are food components that decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies demonstrated that these food components reduced serum cholesterol levels and suppressed hepatic lipogenesis. However, the underlying mechanisms of action of these food components remain unclear. Ten classes of serum lipoprotein profiles showed that dietary tofu, a soybean curd, suppressed cholesterol absorption, while fish oil reduced most of the lipoprotein classes in rats. Tofu and fish oil both halved the level of the lipoprotein class LAC1 (LDL-anti-protease complex), a 15-nm LDL-anti-protease complex, which is speculated to be a cause of atherosclerosis. Moreover, a global transcriptome analysis revealed that tofu inhibited the mRNA expression of genes involved in hepatic lipogenesis, while fish oil stimulated that of genes related to fatty acid degradation. Therefore, tofu and fish oil independently regulate lipid metabolism. The decrease observed in LAC1 may have been due to reduced cholesterol absorption in the tofu diet group and the interference of lipogenesis via the activation of polyunsaturated fatty acid detoxification in the fish oil group.
An ecologic study of dietary and solar ultraviolet-B links to breast carcinoma mortality rates; BACKGROUND. The role of diet in the etiology of breast carcinoma has been debated for decades. The ecologic approach generally finds that dietary fat is highly associated with breast carcinoma mortality, with fish intake and solar ultraviolet-B (UV-B) radiation, a source of vitamin D, inversely associated. Case-control and cohort studies generally find a variety of chemical, nonfat dietary, environmental, genetic, lifestyle, and reproductive factors to be important.
Fatty acids in animals: Thrombosis and hemostasis; Long-chain fatty acids, including stearic acid, can cause thrombosis when they are injected into the systemic circulation of animals. The toxicity is decreased if the fatty acids are bound to albumin. To date, the effect of individual fatty acid feeding is not known. In general, feeding animals diets high in saturated fat followed by the injection of a thrombogenic stimulus is associated with a greater incidence of thrombosis than when a normal diet or a diet high in unsaturated or polyunsaturated fat is fed. A high dietary intake of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids of the n-3 family may prevent thrombosis in animals. In assessing the effects of dietary fatty acids, the ability of the organism, be it animal or human, to convert fatty acids to less thrombogenic fatty acids (stearic to oleic) or create an antithrombotic fatty acid (linolenic to eicosapentaenoic) is a major attribute. Further studies should consider the storage of fatty acids in tissues and their release into the blood and the potential impairment of albumin binding and fatty acid transport mechanisms.
Inverse association between 18-carbon trans fatty acids and intelligence quotients in smoking schizophrenia patients; This study aimed to investigate polyunsaturated (PUFA) and trans isomeric fatty acid status in schizophrenia patients Fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids (PL) and triacylglycerols (TG) was analyzed by gas chromatography in 29 schizophrenia patients and 15 healthy controls. We found no difference in PL n-3 fatty acid status between the two groups, while the values of 22:5n-6 were significantly higher in patients with schizophrenia than in controls. In TG, values of docosatrienoic acid (20:3n-3) and docosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3) were significantly higher in schizophrenia patients than in controls. We found no difference in the trans fatty acid status between patients and controls. In smoking schizophrenia patients significant negative correlations were detected between Wechsler adult full-scale intelligence quotients and values of total trans fatty acids in PL lipids, whereas no such correlation was seen either in non-smoking schizophrenia patients, or in healthy controls. While data obtained in the present study fail to furnish evidence for n-3 PUFA supplementation to the diet of patients with schizophrenia, they indicate that in smoking schizophrenia patients high dietary exposure to trans fatty acids is associated with lower intelligence quotients. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparing the Fatty Acid Composition and Neuroprotective Effects of Some <i>Lamiaceae</i> Taxa from Turkey; This study aims to analyze the fatty acid composition and neuroprotective potential of some selected Lamiaceae taxa from Turkey. For this purpose, methanol extracts of Lamium album L., Lamium garganicum L., Phlomis rigida Labill., Salvia syriaca L., Salvia sclarea L., and Stachys cretica subsp. anatolica Rech. f. were investigated for their activity against hydrogen peroxide induced neuronal cell death. The fatty acid compositions were analyzed by GC-FID, and the IA and IT indices and the omega 3/omega 6 ratio were also calculated. Saturated and unsaturated fatty acids of selected Lamiaceae species were measured to range from 8.92-17.59% and 75.13-84.57%, respectively. Phlomis rigida with the highest omega 3/omega 6 was shown to have the highest neuroprotection against H2O2-induced cell toxicity.
Activation of different lipoxygenase isozymes induces apoptosis in human erythroleukemia and neuroblastoma cells; We investigated the ability of different hydroperoxides generated by lipoxygenase isozymes to induce programmed cell death (PCD) in human cells. Erythroleukemia K562 and neuroblastoma CHP100 cells were used, because they showed high basal activity of Lipoxygenase. The hydroperoxides generated by 5-, 12-, or 15-lipoxygenases from linoleate, linolenate, or arachidonate, and the corresponding hydroxides, were able to induce PCD in both cell types, in a concentration- and time-dependent manner. After 24 h, K562 and CHP100 cells showed 2.5- to 3.5-fold more apoptotic bodies than, the untreated controls. PCD elicited by lipoxygenase products was independent of intracellular glutathione concentration, and did not require mRNA transcription or protein synthesis. On the other hand, lipoxygenase products evoked an immediate and sustained rise in cytoplasmic calcium (within seconds), followed by mitochondrial uncoupling (within hours). Unlike the hydro(pero)xides, the terminal products of the arachidonate cascade (i.e., leukotrienes, prostaglandins and thromboxane) were not cytotoxic. (C) 2000 Academic Press.
Toxicity of oxidized fish oil in pregnancy: a dose-response study in rats; Fish oil (FO) supplements are consumed during pregnancy to increase dietary omega-3. However, FO is often oxidized past recommended limits. In rats, a large dose of highly oxidized FO substantially increased newborn mortality, but the effects of human-relevant doses of less oxidized oil are unknown. A dose-response study in rats was conducted to estimate the safe level of oxidation during pregnancy. Sprague-Dawley rat dams were mated, then individually housed and provided with a gel treatment on each day of pregnancy. Treatment groups differed only in the FO content of the gel; control (no oil), PV5, PV10, and PV40 [0.05 mL of FO oxidized to a peroxide value (PV) of 5, 10, or 40 meq/kg], or PV40(1 mL) (1 mL of PV40). A subset of dams was culled on gestational day 20 to enable sampling, and the remainder were allowed to give birth. Newborn mortality was recorded. Offspring were sampled on postnatal days 2 and 21, and dams on day 21. There were no signs of unwellness during pregnancy. However, there was markedly increased neonatal mortality affecting the PV40(1 mL) (12.8%) and PV40 (6.3%) groups, but not the control, PV5, or PV10 groups (1%-1.4%). Dietary-oxidized FO altered the expression of placental genes involved in antioxidant pathways and the production of free radicals. Highly oxidized FO was toxic in rat pregnancy leading to a marked increase in mortality even at a human-relevant dose. We observed no toxic effects of FOs with PV <= 10 meq/kg, suggesting that this is an appropriate maximum limit.
PUFAs dictate the balance of power in ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is an iron-dependent form of cell death triggered by dysregulation of biochemical processes that culminate in lethal lipid peroxidation. Lipid metabolism is fundamental for determining ferroptotic fate, how-ever, the mechanisms that alter lipid components to shape ferroptosis susceptibility remains elusive. A recent article by Lin and colleagues in Nature Communications systematically analyzed phospholipid transporters (phospholipid scramblases, flippases, and floppases), and identified that the lipid flippase solute carrier family 47 member 1 (SLC47A1) functions as a regulator of lipid remodeling and promotes ferroptosis resistance. SLC47A1 is transactivated by peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (PPARA). Upon ferroptosis induction, SLC47A1 upregulation inhibits DHA/DPA polyunsaturated fatty acid containing glycerophospholipids (PUFA-PLs) accumulation to block ferroptosis. Depletion of either PPARA or SLC47A1 sensitized cells to ferroptosis by favoring ACSL4-SOAT1-mediated production of polyunsaturated fatty acid containing (PUFA) cholesterol esters. Ferroptosis has been widely linked to degenerative processes and tumor suppression. These findings indicate that lipid transporters may provide yet another means by which PUFA-containing membrane lipids convey ferroptosis sensitivity.
The enhanced warfighter; Modern technological warfare requires a level of cognitive ability and discipline unique in the history of armed conflict. Recent advances in physiology, nutrition, neuroscience, and engineering offer a significant potential to prevent or reduce the degradation of a warfighter's mental or physical capabilities in this demanding environment. The authors explore four categories for potential enhancement of military personnel: genetic or computational-mechanical alteration of the human body; physiological monitoring and tighter coupling between man and machine; pharmaceuticals; and nutrition and supplementation. None of these types of enhancements is without controversy; in particular, genetic intervention would require morally intolerable experimentation. In the foreseeable future, the military enhancement technologies most likely to see use will be akin to those seen in elite athletics. Physiological monitoring and feedback, changes in nutrition, and careful pharmaceutical interventions all could improve warfighter performance, and, the authors assert, such enhancements are not morally problematic if their effects are candidly assessed and revealed. In choosing whether and how to enhance military personnel, the government must balance long-term health hazards with a reduced risk of near-term injury or death. If physiological monitoring and feedback (and regulation, through drugs or other means) can decrease large, immediate, or long-term risks to the life or well-being of service personnel, the authors write, there appears to be a moral obligation to provide those enhancements to warfighters.
The Benefit Risk Assessment of Consumption of Marine Species Based on Benefit-Risk Analysis for Foods (BRAFO)-tiered Approach; Objective To assess the net health effect caused by the consumption of specific marine species based on Benefit-Risk Analysis for Foods (BRAFO)-tiered approach.
NUTRIENT SIGNALING: EVOLUTIONARY ORIGINS OF THE IMMUNE-MODULATING EFFECTS OF DIETARY FAT; Many dietary fatty acids (FA) have potent effects on inflammation, which is not only energetically costly, but also contributes to a range of chronic diseases. This presents an evolutionary paradox: Why should the host initiate a costly and damaging response to commonly encountered nutrients? We propose that the immune system has evolved a capacity to modify expenditure on inflammation to compensate for the effects of dietary FA on gut microorganisms. In a comprehensive literature review, we show that the body preferentially upregulates inflammation in response to saturated FA that promote harmful microbes. In contrast, the host often reduces inflammation in response to the many unsaturated FA with antimicrobial properties. Our model is supported by contrasts involving shorter-chain FA and omega-3 FA, but with less consistent evidence for trans fats, which are a recent addition to the human diet. Our findings support the idea that the vertebrate immune system has evolved a capacity to detect diet-driven shifts in the composition of gut microbiota from the profile of FA consumed, and to calibrate the costs of inflammation in response to these cues. We conclude by extending the nutrient signaling model to other nutrients, and consider implications for drug discovery and public health.
Metabolic profiles of socio-economic position: a multi-cohort analysis; Background: Low socio-economic position (SEP) is a risk factor for multiple health out-comes, but its molecular imprints in the body remain unclear.
Relationships between adiponectin levels, the metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes: a literature review; Elevated hepatic glucose production, impaired insulin secretion, and insulin resistance - abnormalities of glucose metabolism typically found in subjects with obesity - are major factors underlying the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes (DM2) and the metabolic syndrome (MS). Adiponectin is a major regulator of glucose and lipid homeostasis via its insulin-sensitizing properties, and lower levels seems to be associated with the development of DM2 and MS. The purpose of this review is to clarify the mechanisms whereby adiponectin relates to the development of DM2 and MS and the association between polymorphisms of the adiponectin gene, circulating levels of the hormone, and its relationships with DM2. In addition, the impact of dietary lipids in the circulating levels of adiponectin will be addressed. According to the literature, circulating adiponectin levels seem to decrease as the number of MS components increases. Lower adiponectin concentrations are associated with higher intra-abdominal fat content. Therefore, adiponectin could link intra-abdominal fat with insulin resistance and development of MS. Therapeutic strategies that target the MS and its components, such as lifestyle modification through physical activity and weight loss, have been shown to increase adiponectin concentrations. Possible roles of diets containing either low or high amounts of fat, or different types of fat, have been analyzed in several studies, with heterogeneous results. Supplementation with n-3 PUFA modestly increases adiponectin levels, whereas conjugated linoleic acid supplementation appears to reduce concentrations when compared with unsaturated fatty acid supplementation used as an active placebo.
Selective increase in the sensitivity of tumours to chemotherapy with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; Since long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are good substrate for peroxydation, a biochemical correlate of cancer cell programmed death and since some cytotoxic agents such as anthracyclins are known to induce oxidative stress, we looked for the effect of PUFA on the response of the cancer disease to anthracyclins-based chemotherapy. We found that breast cancer patients with elevated DHA content in while adipose tissues taken as an indicator of post dietary intake had a better response rate to anthracyclines-containing neoadjuvant chemotherapy than patients with low DHA level, suggesting that chemosensitivity of the carcinoma was higher when DHA availability to the tumor tissue was greater: Such a hypothesis was examined using human breast carcinoma cell cultures. Long chain PUFA and especially docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) increased the sensitivity of breast cancer cell lines to anthracyclins. Using the rat model of NMU-induced mammary tumors, we documented an increased efficacy of anthracyclins on mammary tumors without change in cardiac toxicity in the dietary group supplemented with fish oil, enriched in n-3PUFAs, or with purified DHA. This shows that this fatty acid also sensitizes the tumor in vivo. A clinical trial investigating the potential of dietary DHA to increase the response rate of measurable metastatic tumors in breast cancer patients will be conducted shortly.
Association of dietary fatty acid intake with hypertension in children and adolescents: evidence from the NHANES 2005-2018; Aim: This study aims to evaluate the association between dietary fatty acid intake and hypertension in children and adolescents.Methods: This cross-sectional study used data of children and adolescents aged 8-17 years from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005-2018. Dietary intake of total fat and fatty acid was evaluated via two 24-h dietary recall interviews. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to assess the association between fatty acid intake and hypertension, with odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) calculated. A subgroup analysis was conducted according to gender, age, and body mass index Z-score.Results: This study included 13,330 subjects, of which 11,614 were non-hypertensive and 1,716 were hypertensive. Higher intake of total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was associated with significantly lower odds of hypertension (OR = 0.85, 95% CI: 0.74-0.97, P = 0.018). No significant associations were found between the density of total saturated fatty acid, monounsaturated fatty acids, and PUFAs and the odds of hypertension (all P > 0.05). Increased intake of omega-3 (OR = 0.82, 95% CI: 0.72-0.93, P = 0.002) and omega-6 (OR = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.75-0.98, P = 0.025) PUFAs, octadecatrienoic acid (OR = 0.82, 95% CI: 0.72-0.93, P = 0.003), and octadecadienoic acid (OR = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.75-0.98, P = 0.025) was associated with significantly lower odds of hypertension, and individuals with higher omega-6/omega-3 ratio had significantly higher odds of hypertension (OR = 1.09, 95% CI: 1.02-1.17, P = 0.025). The density of omega-3 PUFAs (OR = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.78-0.95, P = 0.004) and octadecatrienoic acid (OR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.78-0.96, P = 0.006) was inversely associated with the odds of hypertension, and the omega-6/omega-3 ratio was positively associated with the odds of hypertension (OR = 1.09, 95% CI: 1.02-1.17, P = 0.012).Conclusion: Total PUFA intake was negatively associated with the odds of hypertension in children and adolescents. Higher intake of omega-3 and omega-6 PUFAs, octadecatrienoic acid, and octadecadienoic acid, as well as density of omega-3 PUFAs and octadecatrienoic acid, was associated with lower odds of hypertension.
Mechanistic insights into the health benefits of fish-oil supplementation against fine particulate matter air pollution: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary fish-oil supplementation might attenuate the associations between fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and subclinical biomarkers. However, the molecular mechanisms remain to be elucidated. This study aimed to explore the molecular mechanisms of fish-oil supplementation against the PM2.5-induced health effects. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blinded, and placebo-controlled trial among healthy college students in Shanghai, China, from September 2017 to January 2018. A total of 70 participants from the Fenglin campus of Fudan University were included. We randomly assigned participants to either supplementation of 2.5-gram fish oil (n = 35) or sunflower-seed oil (placebo) (n = 35) per day and conducted four rounds of health measurements in the last two months of the trial. As a post hoc exploratory study, the present untargeted metabolomics analysis used remaining blood samples collected in the previous trial and applied a Metabolome-Wide Association Study framework to compare the effects of PM2.5 on the metabolic profile between the sunflower-seed oil and fish oil groups. Results: A total of 65 participants completed the trial (34 of the fish oil group and 31 of the sunflower-seed oil group). On average, ambient PM2.5 concentration on the day of health measurements was 34.9 mu g/m(3) in the sunflower-seed oil group and 34.5 mu g/m(3) in the fish oil group, respectively. A total of 3833 metabolites were significantly associated with PM2.5 in the sunflower-seed oil group and 1757 in the fish oil group. Of these, 1752 metabolites showed significant between-group differences. The identified differential metabolites included arachidonic acid derivatives, omega-3 fatty acids, omega-6 fatty acids, and omega-9 fatty acids that were related to unsaturated fatty acid metabolism, which plays a role in the inflammatory responses. Conclusion: This trial suggests fish-oil supplementation could mitigate the PM2.5-induced inflammatory responses via modulating fatty acid metabolism, providing biological plausibility for the health benefits of fish-oil supplementation against PM2.5 exposure.
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids promote activation-induced cell death in Th1-polarized murine CD4<SUP>+</SUP> T-cells; Dietary n-3 PUFAs have been shown to attenuate T-cell-mediated inflammation. To investigate whether dietary n-3 PUFAs promote activation-induced cell death (AICD) in CD4(+) T-cells induced in vitro to a polarized T-helper1 (Th1) phenotype, C57BL/6 mice were fed diets containing either 5% corn oil (CO; n-6 PUFA control) or 4% fish oil (FO) plus 1% CO (n-3 PUFA) for 2 weeks. Splenic CD4+ T-cells were cultured with alpha-interleukin4 (alphaIL-4), IL-12, and IL-2 for 2 days and then with recombinant (r) IL-12 and rIL-2 for 3 days in the presence of diet-matched homologous mouse serum (HMS) to prevent loss of cell membrane fatty acids, or with fetal bovine serum. After polarization, Th1 cells were reactivated and analyzed for interferon-gamma and IL-4 by intracellular cytokine staining and for apoptosis by Annexin V/propidium iodide. Dietary FO enhanced Th1 polarization by 49% (P = 0.0001) and AICD by 24% (P = 0.0001) only in cells cultured in the presence of HMS. FO enhancement of Th1 polarization and AICD after culture was associated with the maintenance of eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) in plasma membrane lipid rafts.square In conclusion, n-3 PUFAs enhance the polarization and deletion of proinflammatory Th1 cells, possibly as a result of alterations in membrane microdomain fatty acid composition.-Switzer, K. C., Y-Y. Fan, N. Wang, D. N. McMurray, and R. S. Chapkin. Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids promote activation-induced cell death in Th1-polarized murine CD4(+) T-cells.
Changes in Types of Dietary Fats Influence Long-term Weight Change in US Women and Men; Background: The relation between dietary fat intake and body weight remains controversial. Few studies have examined long-term changes in types of dietary fat and weight change in longitudinal studies. Objective: The objective of this study was to examine associations between intake of different types of fat and long-term weight change in US women and men.
BODY COMPOSITION AND BREAST CANCER - THE ROLE OF LEAN BODY MASS; Breast cancer risk and outcomes for breast cancer survivors are known to be influenced by body composition. A wealth of literature surrounds the function and role of fat tissue, however considerably less is known regarding lean body mass and its functional role in immune, hormonal and metabolic regulation in breast cancer aetiology. This review outlines findings relevant to lean body mass before, and following breast cancer diagnosis. A paucity of research exists regarding lean body mass and breast cancer risk. However, post-diagnosis lean body mass losses are commonly reported and a concern for ongoing co-morbidity after treatment. A comprehensive mechanism for sarcopenic obesity in breast cancer survivors is currently unknown. However, findings from other disease states indicate that the effects of chronic inflammation and/or an increase in sedentary activity may partly explain the exaggerated losses of lean body mass. Exercise has been a successful intervention for attenuating lean body mass losses after treatment, while weight loss through energy restriction may exacerbate breast cancer related sarcopenia. Combining exercise with dietary intervention to optimise lean body mass may be ideal; however there is insufficient evidence for this at present. Similarly, the role of functional food supplements, such as omega-3 fatty acids and essential amino acids, may aid lean body mass maintenance through anti-inflammatory action and increased muscle protein synthesis.
Association between the intake of dietary n3 and n6 fatty acids and stroke in US adults: A cross-sectional study of NHANES 2007-2018; BackgroundThe association between the intake of dietary n3 and n6 fatty acids and the risk of stroke is subject to debate. The primary objective of the present research was to establish the correlation in a large sample of American adults.MethodsUsing data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) between 2007 and 2018, the association of the intake of dietary n3 and n6 fatty acids with stroke events was analyzed in a sample of 29,459 adults. The intake of n3 and n6 fatty acids intake was assessed though two 24-h dietary recalls. Stroke outcomes were identified based on the responses provided in self-reported questionnaire. Logistic regression was fitted to evaluate the correlation of dietary n3, n6 fatty acids intake with stroke events.ResultsSubjects in the highest tertile (T3) of dietary n3 (OR: 0.67, 95% CI: 0.49-0.93), n6 (OR: 0.65, 95% CI: 0.45-0.95) fatty acids intake were found to have obviously lower risk of stroke compared to those in the lowest tertile (T1), but the n6:n3 ratio was not found to be associated with a stroke event. Results from stratified analysis demonstrated that dietary n3 fatty acids had an inverse correlation of stroke in both male and female, but dietary n6 fatty acids only had this correlation in male. Moreover, findings were made that the interaction was significant in terms of age in the subgroup analysis, and the negative relationship between the intake of dietary n3 and n6 fatty acids and stroke event were particularly pronounced among participants aged >= 60.ConclusionsThe present results suggested that increased dietary n3, n6 fatty acids intake correlated with a lower risk of stroke.
Comparative study on the efficacy and safety of parenteral nutrition formulated with two different fat emulsions: SMOFlipid® compared with Clinoleic®. Preliminary study; Introduction: The fat composition of parenteral nutrition formulae has been put forward as a possible factor in clinical evolution.
Glu298Asp endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphism interacts with environmental and dietary factors to influence endothelial function; An endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) gene polymorphism (Glu298Asp) has been associated with cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether carriage of the polymorphism was associated with functional changes in the endothelium, and how genotype altered the harmful and beneficial impact of environmental influences on the endothelium. Endothelium-dependent, flow-mediated brachial artery dilatation (FMD) and endothelium-independent dilatation response to glyceryl trinitrate were measured using high-resolution ultrasound in 248 subjects (131 female, 117 male, aged 20 to 28) genotyped for the Glu298Asp polymorphism. Vascular function was compared between genotype groups and interactions with the proatherogenic risk factor, smoking, and the antiatherogenic influence of n-3 fatty acids (n-3FA) were investigated. Vascular function was not related to genotype in the group as a whole or within sexes. However, among males, smoking was associated with lower FMD in Asp298 carriers (nonsmokers 0.125 +/- 0.085 mm versus smokers 0.070+/-0.060 mm, P=0.006) but not in Glu298 homozygotes (nonsmokers 0.103+/-0.090 mm versus smokers 0.124+/-0.106, P=0.5). In the whole group, n-3FA levels were positively related to FMD in Asp298 carriers (reg coeff=0.023 mm/%, P=0.04, r=0.20) but not in Glu298 homozygotes (reg coeff=-0.019 mm/%, P=0.1). These differences between genotype groups were significant in interaction models. The Glu298Asp polymorphism is associated with differences in endothelial responses to both smoking and n-3 FA in healthy young subjects. These findings raise the possibility of genotype-specific prevention strategies in cardiovascular disease.
Proteomic analysis of ferroptosis pathways reveals a role of CEPT1 in suppressing ferroptosis; Ferroptosis has been recognized as a unique cell death modality driven by excessive lipid peroxidation and unbalanced cellular metabolism. In this study, we established a protein interaction landscape for ferroptosis pathways through proteomic analyses, and identified choline/ethanolamine phosphotransferase 1 (CEPT1) as a lysophosphatidylcholine acyltransferase 3 (LPCAT3)-interacting protein that regulates LPCAT3 protein stability. In contrast to its known role in promoting phospholipid synthesis, we showed that CEPT1 suppresses ferroptosis potentially by interacting with phospholipases and breaking down certain pro-ferroptotic polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing phospholipids. Together, our study reveals a previously unrecognized role of CEPT1 in suppressing ferroptosis.
Plasma fingerprint of free fatty acids and their correlations with the traditional cardiac biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes complicated by coronary heart disease; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a well-established risk factor for cardiovascular disease, with at least 2-3 fold higher risk of cardiovascular diseases than non-diabetics. Free fatty acids (FFAs) are believed to play important roles in the occurrence of cardiovascular disease in people with T2DM. The aim of this study was to investigate the fingerprint of plasma FFAs and their correlations with the tradition risk factors of cardiovascular disease in T2DM patients complicated by coronary heart disease (CHD-T2DM). A total of 401 participants, including healthy control (HC, n = 143), T2DM patients (n = 134), and CHD-T2DM patients (n = 126) were enrolled in this study. Plasma levels of 36 FFAs with carbon chain length ranged from 3 to 22 were quantified by using reverse phase ultra-high performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). Tradition risk factors of cardiovascular disease were tested in clinical laboratory, including homocysteine (HCY), creatine kinase (CK), high sensitivity C reactive protein (hsCRP), and N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and so on. Almost all the FFAs with different carbon chain length and unsaturation were significantly upregulated in the T2DM-CHD groups, compared to the HC and T2DM groups. Both n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were also found to be significantly upregulated in T2DM-CHD group compared to the T2DM group. However, no significantly differences of the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio, arachidonic acid/eicosapentaenoic acid (AA/EPA) ratio, and arachidonic acid/docosahexaenoic acid (AA/DHA) ratio were observed between T2DM-CHD and T2DM groups. Plasma FFA levels were found to be positively correlated with HCY, CK, hsCRP, NT-proBNP and other tradition risk factors of CHD. Multivariate logistic regression analysis indicated that a dozens of FFAs were the independent risk factors of CHD after adjustment for confounding factors and other risk factors. Excessively high plasma levels of FFAs were demonstrated to be independent risk factors for CHD in patients with T2DM, despite of the differences in chain length, unsaturation, and double bond position.
Disentangling the environmental processes responsible for the world's largest farmed fish-killing harmful algal bloom: Chile, 2016; The dictyochophyte microalga Pseudochattonella verruculosa was responsible for the largest farmed fish mortality ever recorded in the world, with losses for the Chilean salmon industry amounting to US$ 800 M in austral summer 2016. Super-scale climatic anomalies resulted in strong vertical water column stratification that stimulated development of a dynamic P. verruculosa thin layer (up to 38 mu g chl a L-1) for several weeks in Reloncavi Sound. Hydrodynamic modeling (MIKE 3D) indicated that the Sound had extremely low flushing rates (between 121 and 200 days) in summer 2016. Reported algal cell densities of 7000-20,000 cells mL(-1) generated respiratory distress in fish that was unlikely due to low dissolved oxygen (permanently >4 mg L-1). Histological examination of salmon showed that gills were the most affected organ with significant tissue damage and circulatory disorders. It is possible that some of this damage was due to a diatom bloom that preceded the Pseudochattonella event, thereby rendering the fish more susceptible to Pseudochattonella. No correlation between magnitude of fish mortality and algal cell abundance nor fish age was evident. Algal cultures revealed rapid growth rates and high cell densities (up to 600,000 cells mL(-1)), as well as highly complex life cycle stages that can be easily overlooked in monitoring programs. In cell-based bioassays, Chilean P. verruculosa was only toxic to the RTgillWI cell line following exposures to high cell densities of lysed cells (>100,000 cells mL(-1)). Fatty acid profiles of a cultured strain showed elevated concentrations of potentially ichthyotoxic, long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (69.7% +/- 1.8%)- stearidonic (SDA, 18:4 omega 3-28.9%), and docosahexaenoic add (DHA, 22:6 omega 3-22.3%), suggesting that lipid peroxidation may help to explain the mortalities, though superoxide production by Pseudochattonella was low (< 0.21 +/- 0.19 pmol O-2(-) cell(-1) h(-1)). It therefore remains unknown what the mechanisms of salmon mortality were during the Pseudochattonella bloom. Multiple mitigation strategies were used by salmon farmers during the event, with only delayed seeding of juvenile fish into the cages and towing of cages to sanctuary sites being effective. Airlift pumping, used effectively against other fish-killing HABs in the US and Canada was not effective, perhaps because it brought subsurface layers of Pseudochattonella to the surface, or and it also may have lysed the fragile cells, rendering them more lethal. The present study highlights knowledge gaps and inefficiency of contingency plans by the fish farming industry to overcome future fish-killing algal blooms under future climate change scenarios. The use of new technologies based on molecular methods for species detection, good farm practices by fish farms, and possible mitigation strategies are discussed. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. reserved.
Fish oil effects on tissular fatty acids and plasma lipid peroxidation in zinc deficient rats; Zinc has been reported to play a key role in lipid metabolism as well as in defences against oxidative stress. The aim of this work was to investigate the fatty acid distribution (plasma, heart, kidney, liver) and peroxidation (plasma) in zinc-deficient rats fed with n-6 fatty acids (10% corn oil) or n-3 fatty acid fish oil (10% Maxepa(R)). Zinc deficiency led to a decreased tissular and plasma n-6/n-3 ratio both in triglycerides and phospholipids. This effect was more marked in the Maxepa(R) group than in the corn oil group. In plasma, the TBARs/TG+PL ratio was significantly enhanced in zinc-deficient animals, especially in rats receiving Maxepa(R). With regard to these results, zinc deficiency could appear as an aggravating factor of oxidative risk when associated with a n-3 fatty acid-rich diet. This work draws attention to the harmful oxidative risk associated with patients' intake of Gsh oil concentrate, without taking into account their antioxidant dietary intakes and status.
Parenteral lipid infusion in infancy: physiological basis and clinical relevance; Lipid emulsions are essential components of parenteral nutrition of infants and small children to meet their high energy requirements and to provide essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). In neonates and low birthweight infants, the amount and the quality of the nutritional lipids is of particular functional importance because of the rapid growth and the very limited endogenous lipid stores. The availability and the metabolism of membrane components such as long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA), phospholipids and cholesterol have direct effects on the functions of cell membranes. Several studies show that the early supply of docosahexaenoic acid influences visual and cognitive functions at later ages. LC-PUFA also regulate gene expression and serve as substrates for the formation of the bioactive eicosanoids prostaglandins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes, which modulate thrombocyte aggregation, inflammatory reactions, postnatal closure of the ductus arteriosus and development of immune phenotypes. Most infants >28 gestational weeks clear 2 g intavenous lipids per kg bodyweight daily, and infants >32 weeks up to 3 g/kg. About 30% of infants between the 27th and 32nd gestational week develop lipid concentrations in the serum >100 mg/dl with lipid infusions dosed at 2 to 3 g/kg, which, however, are also regularly observed in enterally fed infants. An increased risk for hypertriglyceridemia exists in very immature infants <28 gestational weeks and in severe infections or distress, where serum triglyceride concentrations should be measured. It appears reasonable to adjust the lipid dose to avoid serum triglycerides >200 mg/dl. Retrospective. studies had raised concerns on potential adverse effects of an early lipid supply in preterm infants on later rates of chronic lung disease and mortality, but a meta-analysis of five prospective controlled studies showed no adverse effects of intravenous lipids within the first 5 days of life.
Origin and therapy for hypertriglyceridaemia in type 2 diabetes; Hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in type 2 diabetes and is caused by the interaction of genes and non-genetic factors, specifically poor glycaemic control and obesity. In spite of statin treatment, residual risk of CVD remains high in type 2 diabetes, and this may relate to HTG and atherogenic dyslipidemia. Treatment of HTG emphasises correcting secondary factors and adverse lifestyles, in particular, diet and exercise. Pharmacotherapy is also required in most type 2 diabetic patients. Statins are the first-line therapy to achieve recommended therapeutic targets of plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Fibrates, ezetimibe and n-3 fatty acids are adjunctive treatment options for residual and persistent HTG. Evidence for the use of niacin has been challenged by non-significant CVD outcomes in two recent large clinical trials. Further investigation is required to clarify the use of incretin-based therapies for HTG in type 2 diabetes. Extreme HTG, with risk of pancreatitis, may require insulin infusion therapy or apheresis. New therapies targeting HTG in diabetes need to be tested in clinical endpoint trials. The purpose of this review is to examine the current evidence and provide practical guidance on the management of HTG in type 2 diabetes. (C) 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Effects of a Japan Diet Intake Program on Metabolic Parameters in Middle-Aged Men: A Pilot Study; Aim: We conducted a pilot study to clarify the effects of the Japan Diet nutritional education program on metabolic risk factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in middle-aged men who were brought up in the westernized dietary environment of modern Japan.
Determinants of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) functions beyond proteome in Asian Indians: exploring the fatty acid profile of HDL phospholipids; Impaired high-density lipoprotein (HDL) functions are associated with development of coronary artery disease. In this study, we explored the quantitative differences in HDL (i.e. HDL proteome and fatty acid profile of HDL phospholipids) underlying the functional deficits associated with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The relationship between HDL function and composition was assessed in 65 consecutive ACS patients and 40 healthy controls. Cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC) of HDL and lecithin cholesterol acyl transferase (LCAT) activity were significantly lower in patients with ACS compared to controls. In HDL proteome analysis, HDL isolated from ACS individuals was enriched in apolipoprotein C2 (inhibitor of LCAT), apolipoprotein C4 and serum amyloid A proteins and was deficient in apolipoprotein A-I and A-II. The fatty acid profile of HDL phospholipids analyzed using gas chromatography showed significantly lower percentages of stearic acid (17.4 +/- 2.4 vs 15.8 +/- 2.8, p = 0.004) and omega-3 fatty acids [eicosapentaenoic acid (1.0 (0.6-1.4) vs 0.7 (0.4-1.0), p = 0.009) and docosahexaenoic acid (1.5 +/- 0.7 vs 1.3 +/- 0.5, p = 0.03)] in ACS patients compared to controls. Lower percentages of these fatty acids in HDL were associated with higher odds of developing ACS. Our results suggest that distinct phospholipid fatty acid profiles found in HDL from ACS patients could be one of the contributing factors to the deranged HDL functions in these patients apart from the protein content and the inflammatory conditions.
Cerebral microvascular changes induced by rich cholesterol and saturated fatty acid diet in Wistar rats; The impact of an excess of fatty acids in the diet on cardiovascular diseases has been studied and discussed both in human and animal studies. Generally, excessive saturated fats increase the risk, while unsaturated fats are considered less harmful. Our aim was to perform an experimental study in order to analyze how fatty diet quality (unsaturated vs. saturated fatty acids) influences atherogenesis. Materials and Methods: In our experimental study, 18 adult Wistar rats were randomly divided into two equal groups. One group was subjected to a rich unsaturated fatty acid diet (untar) and the other group to a rich saturated one (palm oil). Three animals from each group were sacrificed after 12, 18, and 48 weeks. The brain was removed and microscopically examined after Hematoxylin-Eosin, Orcein and Masson's trichrome classical staining, and after immunohistochemical marking using the anti-alpha smooth muscle actin antibody. Results: Rats sacrificed after 12 weeks revealed modicum lesions, as intimal vacuoles or minute intraluminal thrombosis, and cerebral parenchymal edema. After 18 weeks, some of rats subjected to a rich saturated fatty acid diet presented vacuoles found in all arteriolar wall layers, and a tendency towards parietal thrombosis. In rats subjected to a rich unsaturated fatty acid diet, the subintimal arteriolar vacuolization was associated with an intramural and adventitial fibrosis. In rats sacrificed after 48 weeks, lesional polymorphism was pronounced, but in rats subjected to a rich unsaturated fatty acid diet complete luminal thrombosis was followed by a an organized thrombus with multiple capillary channels. Although in Wistar rats atherosclerosis appeared only after intensive changes in diet, different experimental studies showed that, in transgenic rats, rich saturated fatty acid diet induced progressive atherosclerotic lesions, resembling those observed by us, but also some aspects described in human pathology. Conclusions: Our experimental study reveals differences in atherogenesis under saturated vs. unsaturated fatty diet.
Mass spectrometry-based approaches to explore metabolism regulating ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is a type of programmed cell death distinct from apoptosis or necroptosis. Ferroptosis is well characterized by an iron-dependent accumulation of lipid peroxides and disruption of cellular membrane integrity. Many metabolic alterations can prevent or accelerate ferroptosis induction. Recent advances in analytical techniques of mass spectrometry have allowed high-throughput analysis of metabolites known to be critical for understanding ferroptosis regulatory metabolism. In this review, we introduce mass spectrometry-based analytical methods contributing to recent discovery of various metabolic pathways regulating ferroptosis, focusing on cysteine metabolism, antioxidant metabolism, and poly-unsaturated fatty acid metabolism.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids induce acute myeloid leukemia cell death associated with mitochondrial glycolytic switch and Nrf2 pathway activation; Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) remains a therapeutic challenge and improvements in chemotherapy are needed. n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), present in fish oil (FO) at high concentrations, have anti-tumoral properties in various cancer models. We investigated the effects of two n-3 PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), in AML cell lines and primary AML blasts. EPA and DHA induced a dose-dependent decrease in cell viability in five AML cell lines, which was also observed with FO, but not SO (devoid of n-3 PUFAs) in cell lines and primary leucoblasts. Mitochondria] energy metabolism shifted from oxidative respiration to glycolytic metabolism in the U937, MOLM-13, and HL-60 cell lines. This phenomenon was associated with major disorganization of the mitochondrial network and mitochondrial swelling. Transcriptomic analysis after 6 h and 24 h of exposure to FO revealed a Nrf2 activation signature, which was confirmed by evidence of Nrf2 nuclear translocation in response to oxidative stress, but insufficient to prevent cell death following prolonged exposure. Apoptosis studies showed consistent phosphatidylserine exposition among the AML cell lines tested and a reduced mitochondria] membrane potential. The cell-killing effect of FO was additive with that of cytarabine (AraC), by the Chou and Talalay method, and this combination effect could be reproduced in primary AML blasts. Altogether, our results show deleterious effects of n-3 PUFAs on mitochondria] metabolism of AML cells, associated with oxidative stress and Nrf2 response, leading to cell death. These observations support further investigation of n-3 PUFA addition to standard chemotherapy in AML.
Effect of an immunonutrient mix on human colorectal adenocarcinoma cell growth and viability; Objective: L-Glutamine, L-arginine, RNA, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been incorporated into nutritional formulas to improve immunity of patients with gastrointestinal cancer. We therefore examined the individual and net effects of these immunonutrients on four different human colorectal adenocarcinoma cell lines.
BIOLOGY AND BIOTECHNOLOGICAL POTENTIAL OF HALOTOLERANT BACTERIA FROM ANTARCTIC SALINE LAKES; The saline lakes of the Vestfold Hills, Antarctica, are unique ecosystems in which microorganisms survive and grow in cold, saline and often anaerobic conditions. A polyphasic approach to taxonomy of the microbiota has extended the known range of microbial diversity through description of nine new species including bacteria and archaea. Low temperature and reduced water activity are the major constraints on microbial growth in the lakes. Belehradek-type models provide a good description of temperature dependence and indicate the potential of the microbiota to colonise their natural habitats. Physiological traits of the microbiota selected by the physical and chemical characteristics of the saline lakes suggest biotechnological potential in areas such as polyunsaturated fatty acid production and hydrocarbon degradation.
Fish Oil-Fed Mice Have Impaired Resistance to Influenza Infection; Dietary fish oils, rich in (n-3) PUFA, including eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, have been shown to have antiinflammatory properties. Although the antiinflammatory properties of fish oil may be beneficial during a chronic inflammatory illness, the same antiinflammatory properties can suppress the inflammatory responses necessary to combat acute viral infection. Given that (n-3) fatty acid-rich fish oil supplementation is on the rise and with the increasing threat of an influenza pandemic, we tested the effect of fish oil feeding for 2 wk on the immune response to influenza virus infection. Male C57BL/6 mice fed either a menhaden fish oil/corn oil diet (4 g fish oil:1 g corn oil, wt:wt at 5 g/100 g diet) or a control corn oil diet were infected with influenza A/PuertoRico/8/34 and analyzed for lung pathology and immune function. Although fish oil-fed mice had lower lung inflammation compared with controls, fish oil feeding also resulted in a 40% higher mortality rate, a 70% higher lung viral load at d 7 post infection, and a prolonged recovery period following infection. Although splenic natural killer (NK) cell activity was suppressed in fish oil-fed mice, lung NK activity was not affected. Additionally, lungs of infected fish oil-fed mice had significantly fewer CD8(+) T cells and decreased mRNA expression of macrophage inflammatory protein-1-alpha, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-6. These results suggest that the antiinflammatory properties of fish oil feeding can alter the immune response to influenza infection, resulting in increased morbidity and mortality. J. Nutr. 139. 1588-1594, 2009.
Comparison of biochemical effects of statins and fish oil in brain: The battle of the titans; Neural membranes are composed of glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids, cholesterol and proteins. The distribution of these lipids within the neural membrane is not random but organized. Neural membranes contain lipid rafts or microdomains that are enriched in sphingolipids and cholesterol. These rafts act as platforms for the generation of glycerophospholipid-, sphingolipid-, and cholesterol-derived second messengers, lipid mediators that are necessary for normal cellular function. Glycerophospholipid-derived lipid mediators include eicosanoids, docosanoids, lipoxins, and platelet-activating factor. Sphingolipid-derived lipid mediators include ceramides, ceramide 1-phosphates, and sphingosine 1-phosphate. Cholesterol-derived lipid mediators include 24-hydroxycholesterol, 25-hydroxycholesterol, and 7-ketocholesterol. Abnormal signal transduction processes and enhanced production of lipid mediators cause oxidative stress and inflammation. These processes are closely associated with the pathogenesis of acute neural trauma (stroke, spinal cord injury, and head injury) and neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer disease. Statins, the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, are effective lipid lowering agents that significantly reduce risk for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Beneficial effects of statins in neurological diseases are due to their anti-excitotoxic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory properties. Fish oil omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, have similar anti-excitotoxic, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects in brain tissue. Thus the lipid mediators, resolvins, protectins, and neuroprotectins, derived from eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid retard neuroinflammation, oxidative stress, and apoptotic cell death in brain tissue. Like statins, ingredients of fish oil inhibit generation of beta-amyloid and provide protection from oxidative stress and inflammatory processes. Collective evidence suggests that antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-apoptotic properties of statins and fish oil contribute to the clinical efficacy of treating neurological disorders with statins and fish oil. We speculate that there is an overlap between neurochemical events associated with neural cell injury in stroke and neurodegenerative diseases. This commentary compares the neurochemical effects of statins with those of fish oil. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Inhibition of colon cancer cell growth by dietary components: role of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system; Large bowel cancer is one of the leading causes of deaths from cancer in Western countries, and the incidence of colorectal cancer is increasing with the steady increase in life expectancy. Modification of diet and lifestyle provide measures of reducing the risk of developing colon cancer. Evidence suggests that the components of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system may be appropriate targets for cancer prevention and therapy. A positive correlation was found between dietary and lifestyle, plasma IGF-I, and colon cancer incidence rates. Diet, nutrition, and other lifestyle features affect the expression and production of IGF-I and other members of the IGF family. The purpose of this review is to examine current evidence obtained from our recent studies and others that investigated the role of dietary components in the regulation of the IGF system and colon cancer cell growth.
Docosahexaenoic acid, but not eicosapentaenoic acid, lowers ambulatory blood pressure and shortens interval QT in spontaneously hypertensive rats <i>in vivo</i>; This study was designed to evaluate the effects of individual dietary long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) on hypertension and cardiac consecutive disorders in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) as compared to Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY). Rats were fed for 2 months an eicosapentaenoic (EPA)- or docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-rich diet (240mg/day) or an n-3 PUFA-free diet. Male SHR (n = 6), implanted with cardiovascular telemetry devices, were housed in individual cages for continuous measurements of cardiovascular parameters (blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR)) during either activity or rest periods, ECG were recorded during the quiet period. The n-6 PUFA upstream of arachidonic acid was affected in SHR tissues. The cardiac phospholipid fatty acid profile was significantly affected by dietary DHA supply, and EPA in a very lower extent, since DHA only was incorporated in the membranes instead of n-6 PUFAs. Endothelium n-6 PUFA content increased in ail SHR groups. Compared to WKY, linoleic acid content decreased in both studied tissues. Cardiac noradrenalin decreased while the adrenal catecholamine stores decreased in SHR as compared to WKY. Both n-3 PUFA supply induced a decrease of adrenal catecholamine stores. Nevertheless after 6 weeks, DHA but not EPA induced a lowering-blood pressure effect and shortened the QT interval in SHR, most probably through its tissue enrichment and a specific effect on adrenergic function. Dietary DHA supply retards blood pressure development and has cardio protective effect. These findings, showing the cardioprotective effects of DHA in living animals, were obtained in SHR, but may relate to essential hypertension in humans. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fatty acid composition of wild and cultivated gilthead seabream (<i>Sparus aurata</i>) and sea bass (<i>Dicentrarchus labrax</i>); Total lipid content and fatty acid composition were determined for wild and cultivated gilthead seabream and sea bass. Fatty acid analyses were carried out by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Respective total lipid content of flesh in cultivated gilthead seabream and sea bass were 1.7-5.0-times those of wild samples. Palmitic acid (C16:0) and oleic acid (C18:1n-9) were the major fatty acids respectively among the saturated fatty acids and monounsaturated fatty acids of each fish species. It is noteworthy that both linoleic acid (C18:2n-6) and arachidonic acid (C20:4n-6) were predominant in total n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the respective cultivated and wild types. Eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3) amounts were significantly higher in flesh of cultivated fish than in wild fish.
Still too little evidence: the role of diet in colorectal cancer survivorship - a systematic review; Colorectal cancer incidence (CRC) is influenced by dietary factors, yet the impact of diet on CRC-specific mortality and recurrence-free survival (RFS) remains unclear. This review provides a narrative summary of existing research on dietary factors affecting CRC-specific mortality, RFS, and disease-free survival (DFS). This study searched electronic databases to identify cross-sectional/prospective research investigating dietary intake on CRC-specific mortality, RFS, or DFS. Twenty-eight studies were included in the corpus. Because of high study heterogeneity, we performed a narrative synthesis of studies. Limited, but suggestive evidence indicates beneficial effects of adhering to the American Cancer Society (ACS) guidelines and a plant rich low-carbohydrate diet on risk of CRC-specific mortality, potentially driven by fiber from cereals, vegetables, and wholegrains, but not fruit. For RFS and DFS, a Western dietary pattern, high intake of refined grains, and sugar sweetened beverages correlated with increased risk of CRC recurrence and development of disease/death. Conversely, greater adherence to the ACS dietary and alcohol guidelines, higher omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and dark fish consumption reduced risk. Our findings underscore the need for (i) standardized investigations into diet's role in CRC survivorship, including endpoints, and (ii) comprehensive analyses to isolate specific effects within correlated lifestyle components.
Tamm-Horsfall protein 1 macrophage lipid accumulation unaffected by fatty acid double-bond geometric or positional configuration; Dietary fatty acid type alters atherosclerotic lesion progression and macrophage lipid accumulation. Incompletely elucidated are the mechanisms by which fatty acids differing in double-bond geometric or positional configuration alter arterial lipid accumulation. The objective of this study was to evaluate the suitability of using Tamm-Horsfall protein 1 (THP-1) macrophages as a model for human monocytes/macrophages to address this issue. Our hypothesis was that THP-1 macrophages pretreated with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) or fatty acid containing a cis double bond would accumulate less lipid, particularly cholesteryl ester, compared with (omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids or a fatty acid containing a trans double bond, respectively. THP-1 monocytes were differentiated into macrophages and then incubated with fatty acids for 48 hours. There was an increase in intracellular lipid in response to all the fatty acids assessed, and by response was similar among the fatty acids. The increase in lipid accumulation was contributed to triglyceride and to a lesser extent cholesterol, primarily free cholesterol. These data suggest that free fatty acids bound to bovine serum albumin, regardless of double-bond geometric or positional configuration, induce triglyceride accumulation but had only a modest effect on cholesterol accumulation in THP-1 macrophages. The cells appeared to respond similarly to the assessed fatty acids in terms of amount and type of lipid accumulated. Hence, the THP-1 cell line was not appropriate to test the hypotheses of interest. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Biochemistry of Statins; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Elevated blood lipids may be a major risk factor for CVD. Due to consistent and robust association of higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels with CVD across experimental and epidemiologic studies, therapeutic strategies to decrease risk have focused on LDL-cholesterol reduction as the primary goal. Current medication options for lipid-lowering therapy include statins, bile acid sequestrants, a cholesterol-absorption inhibitor, fibrates, nicotinic acid, and omega-3 fatty acids, which all have various mechanisms of action and pharmacokinetic properties. The most widely prescribed lipid-lowering agents are the HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, or statins. Since their introduction in the 1980s, statins have emerged as the one of the best-selling medication classes to date, with numerous trials demonstrating powerful efficacy in preventing cardiovascular outcomes (Kapur and Musunuru, 2008 [1]). The statins are commonly used in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and mixed hyperlipidemia. This chapter focuses on the biochemistry of statins including their structures, pharmacokinetics, and mechanism of actions as well as the potential adverse reactions linked to their clinical uses.
FREE FATTY-ACIDS IN SERUM IN CRITICAL ILLNESS - DO THEY PLAY A ROLE IN BINDING OF THYROID-HORMONES TO PROTEINS; As a contribution to the question if the elevated concentrations of free fatty acids in sera of critically ill patients described in literature play a role in the decrease of thyroid hormone levels in these patients, serum levels of the important free fatty acids were measured in 31 patients of our intensive care unit in the course of their disease using gas chromatography. After admission to the ward, only palmitoleic acid was significantly increased compared with 174 control persons,  arachidonic acid was not different from the controls, palmitic stearic, linoleic and linolenic acid were significantly decreased. In the course of the disease, no relevant changes were observed. The 21 patients not surviving their disease showed significantly lowered levels of palmitic, stearic and linoleic acid before death compared with the surviving patients at the end of the observation period. The hypothetical role of single free fatty acids as inhibitors of the binding of thyroid hormones  to their transport proteins must be questioned because of the results.
The Road to Approval: a Perspective on the Role of Icosapent Ethyl in Cardiovascular Risk Reduction; Purpose of Review Epidemiological studies have long suggested the cardiovascular benefits of omega-3 fatty acids (OM3FAs). However, until recently, clinical trials using OM3FAs have been largely negative with respect to their cardioprotective effects. In this review, we aim to summarize key clinical trials, examine the clinical benefits of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and potential mechanisms, and review the changes in guidelines and recommendations. Recent Findings The Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial (REDUCE-IT) has demonstrated significant cardiovascular mortality benefits of purified EPA ethyl ester, with a 25% relative risk reduction in major cardiovascular events. As first of its class to be approved, icosapent ethyl offers a new option to further reduce cardiovascular risks in patients already treated with maximally tolerated statins.
Resolvin D1 reduces inflammation in co-cultures of primary human macrophages and adipocytes by triggering macrophages; Obesity leads to chronic inflammation of the adipose tissue which is tightly associated with the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Inflammation of the adipose tissue is mainly characterized by the presence of crown-like structures composed of inflammatory macrophages in the neighborhood of adipocytes. Resolvin D1 (RvD1), a potent anti-inflammatory and pro-resolving lipid mediator derived from the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid, has been shown to reduce the inflammatory tone of adipose tissue in animal models but the underlying mechanism is not clear. We investigated the effect of RvD1 on the inflammatory state of a human co-culture system of adipocytes and macrophages. For this, human mesenchymal stem cells were differentiated into mature adipocytes and overlaid with human primary macrophages. In this coculture, 10-500 nM RvD1 dose-dependently reduced the secretion of the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-6 (-21%) and its soluble receptor IL-6R alpha (-22%), of the chemokine MCP-1 (-13%), and of the adipokine leptin (-22%). Similarly, we observed a reduction in secretion of the soluble receptor IL-6R alpha (-20%), and TNF-alpha (-11%) when macrophages alone were treated with RvD1, while no change of cytokine secretion was observed when adipocytes were treated with RvD1. We conclude that RvD1 polarizes macrophages to an anti-inflammatory phenotype, which in turn modulates inflammation in adipocytes.
Sudden unexpected death in patients with epilepsy receiving renal replacement therapy with dialysis: A 17-year experience at a single institution; Epilepsy is the most common acquired chronic neurological disorder; each year about 1 in a 1000 patients with chronic epilepsy die suddenly, unexpectedly, and without explanation, even with postmortem examination (SUDEP). Seizure incidence is approximately 10% in patients with chronic renal failure and hemodialysis-associated seizure has been considered to be a common complication of people on hemodialysis treatment. Considering this, we evaluated the incidence of seizures in 189 patients under dialytic treatment.
Association of polyunsaturated fatty acids with improved heart rate variability and cardiovascular events in patients with end-stage renal disease receiving maintenance dialysis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Apart from dietary restriction and medical therapy, the benefits of cardiovascular protection offered by polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplements in patients with ESRD receiving maintenance dialysis remain unclear. This systematic review and meta-analysis examined the effects of PUFAs on blood pressure, heart rate (HR), HR variability (HRV), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) prognosis. Methods: We identified randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from Embase, PubMed (including MEDLINE), and Web of Science. We included seven RCTs that involved 724 patients with ESRD receiving dialysis and PUFA supplements. Results: The data indicated that compared with the control group, the PUFA group demonstrated decreased cardiovascular events (Peto odds ratio = 0.52, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.32 to 0.85, P = 0.009) and HRV (changes in the mean HR [mean difference = -2.59, 95% CI = -4.91 to -0.26, P = 0.03, I-2 = 0%]; mean RR interval [MD = 29.03, 95% CI = 5.43 to 52.63, P = 0.02, I-2 = 0%]; mean of the standard deviation of all normal RR intervals for all 5 min segments [MD = 2.73, 95% CI = 0.48 to 4.99, P = 0.02, I-2 = 0%], and square root of the mean of the sum of the squares of differences between adjacent intervals [MD = 2.03, 95% CI = 0.04 to 4.03, P = 0.05, I-2 = 0%]). Conclusion: PUFA supplements appeared to improve CVD prognosis in patients receiving dialysis. Additional RCTs with longer follow-up periods need to clarify the benefits of PUFA supplements in this patient population.
Adhesion molecules and C-reactive protein are associated to adverse events in angina pectoris; Objectives. To examine the prognostic value of soluble Cellular Adhesion Molecules (CAMs) and highly sensitive C reactive protein (hsCRP) on long-term outcome for patients with stable angina pectoris (SAP). Design. In a prospective study, 291 patients referred for coronary angiography due to clinically suspected SAP had serum level of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), sP-selectin and hsCRP determined at baseline. The primary outcome was predefined as death from any cause, myocardial infarction or stroke during a mean follow-up of 7.1 years. Results. Thirty four patients experienced the primary outcome. Hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for the primary outcome were: sVCAM-1: 2.4 [1.1-4.9], sICAM-1: 3.3 [1.5-7.2], sP-selectin: 1.2 [0.6-2.6] and hs-CRP: 3.1 [1.5-6.3], when comparing patients in the 4th quartile with those in lower quartiles in a multivariable model. Higher risk of adverse outcome was observed in patients having levels of both hsCRP and sICAM-1 (HR 4.7 [1.7-9.9]) or hsCRP and sVCAM-1 (HR 4.2 [1.7-9.9]) in the 4th quartile. Conclusions. sVCAM-1, sICAM-1 and hsCRP were significantly associated with long term outcomes of patients with SAP beyond the risk associated with traditional risk factors. Risk predictions were improved when combining information about sCAMs and hsCRP.
<i>n</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and atrial fibrillation in patients with chronic heart failure: the GISSI-HF trial; In the last few years, n-3 polyunsaturated acids (PUFAs) have been extensively studied for the prevention of AF, mostly in patients without heart failure (HF) or LV dysfunction. This post-hoc analysis of the GISSI-HF trial assessed the effect of n-3 PUFAs on AF in patients with chronic HF without AF at study entry over a median follow-up of 3.9 years.
Dietary Options for Rheumatic Diseases (Reprinted); Meta-analyses attest an IA degree of evidence for the anti-inflammatory effect of fish oil fatty acids. GCP-studies attest an effect of the anti-inflammatory diet on joint inflammation, on the need for NSAID and glucocorticoids, and even for the incidence of sequels of atherosclerosis.
Ferroptosis and necroinflammation, a yet poorly explored link; Ferroptosis is a non-apoptotic form of cell death characterized by overwhelming iron-dependent lipid peroxidation, which contributes to a number of pathologies, most notably tissue ischemia/reperfusion injury, neurodegeneration and cancer. Cysteine availability, glutathione biosynthesis, polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism and modulation of the phospholipidome are the key events of this necrotic cell death pathway. Non-enzymatic and enzymatic lipoxygenase (LOX)mediated lipid peroxidation of lipid bilayers is efficiently counteracted by the glutathione (GSH)/glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) axis. Preliminary studies suggest that bursting ferroptotic cells release pro-inflammatory damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs) that trigger the innate immune system as exemplified by diseased kidney and brain tissues where ferroptosis contributes to organ demise in a predominant manner. The GSH/GPX4 node is known to control the activities of LOX and prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase (PTGS) via the so-called peroxide tone. Since LOX and PTGS products do have pro-and anti-inflammatory effects, one may speculate that these enzymes contribute to the ferroptotic process on several levels in cell-autonomous and non-autonomous ways. Hence, this review provides the reader with an outline on what is currently known about the link between ferroptosis and necroinflammation and discusses critical events that may alert the innate immune system in early phases when cells become sensitized towards ferroptosis.
Associations of Dietary Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Fish With Biomarkers of Inflammation and Endothelial Activation (from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis [MESA]); The cardioprotective effects of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and fish consumption have been observed. However, data on the specific associations of these dietary factors with inflammation and endothelial activation are sparse. A cross-sectional study was conducted of 5,677 men and women from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) cohort, including African Americans, Caucasians, Chinese, and Hispanics aged 45 to 84 years and free of clinical cardiovascular disease. Dietary information was collected using a self-administered food frequency questionnaire. Multivariate linear regression analyses were used to examine relations between the intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs, nonfried fish, and fried fish and biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation. Long-chain n-3 PUFA intake was inversely associated with plasma concentrations of interleukin-6 (p = 0.01) and matrix metalloproteinase-3 (p = 0.03) independent of age, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, alcohol consumption, and dietary variables. Nonfried fish consumption was inversely related to C-reactive protein (p = 0.045) and interieukin-6 (p <0.01), and fried fish consumption was inversely related to soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (p <0.01) but was not associated with other biomarkers after adjustment for potential confounders. In conclusion, the results of this study suggest that the dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs and fish is inversely associated with concentrations of some biomarkers, reflecting lower levels of inflammation and endothelial activation. These results may partially explain the cardioprotective effects of fish consumption. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2009;103:1238-1243)
Transcriptome analysis of the effect of polyunsaturated fatty acids against <i>Vibrio vulnificus</i> infection in <i>Oreochromis niloticus</i>; Vibrio vulnificus infection causes severe economic losses in Oreochromis niloticus aquaculture by inducing pro-inflammatory cytokines, that lead to inflammation and mortality. Omega-3 fatty acids, such as Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have been reported for their antiinflammatory and antibacterial abilities in murine and zebrafish models. However, the antiinflammatory and antibacterial functions of DHA and EPA in commercial aquaculture organisms such as Oreochromis nitoticus remain unknown. The present study demonstrates antibacterial function and transcriptional modulation of inflammation-associated genes by DHA and EPA in Vibrio vulnificus infection in Oreochromis niloticus fish models. The administration of EPA or DHA improved the Oreochromis niloticus survival rate against Vibrio vulnificus infection. The induction of proinflammatory cytokines, Interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, Tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, and Toll-like receptor (TLR)-2 by Vibrio vulnificus was suppressed in fish that were administered DHA. Bacterial membrane disruption and the killing of Vibrio vulnificus by EPA and DHA was observed using SEM, TEM, and cytoplasm leakage studies. In silico analysis of the transcription profile in Ingenuity Pathway Analysis software showed that DHA may enhance anti-Vibrio vulnificus activity in Oreochromis niloticus via the activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPAR alpha) to inhibit nuclear factor kappa B and suppress hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha (HNF4 alpha). In summary, the results of the present study demonstrated that DHA and EPA reduce the severity of Vibrio vulnificus infection and increase the survival rate of Oreochromis niloticus. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Regular-Fat Dairy and Human Health: A Synopsis of Symposia Presented in Europe and North America (2014-2015); In recent history, some dietary recommendations have treated dairy fat as an unnecessary source of calories and saturated fat in the human diet. These assumptions, however, have recently been brought into question by current research on regular fat dairy products and human health. In an effort to disseminate, explore and discuss the state of the science on the relationship between regular fat dairy products and health, symposia were programmed by dairy industry organizations in Europe and North America at The Eurofed Lipids Congress (2014) in France, The Dairy Nutrition Annual Symposium (2014) in Canada, The American Society for Nutrition Annual Meeting held in conjunction with Experimental Biology (2015) in the United States, and The Federation of European Nutrition Societies (2015) in Germany. This synopsis of these symposia describes the complexity of dairy fat and the effects regular-fat dairy foods have on human health. The emerging scientific evidence indicates that the consumption of regular fat dairy foods is not associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and inversely associated with weight gain and the risk of obesity. Dairy foods, including regular-fat milk, cheese and yogurt, can be important components of an overall healthy dietary pattern. Systematic examination of the effects of dietary patterns that include regular-fat milk, cheese and yogurt on human health is warranted.
Dietary supplements and fatigue in patients with breast cancer: a systematic review; PurposeCancer-related fatigue (CRF) is defined as a distressing, persistent, and subjective sense of physical or emotional and/or cognitive exhaustion. The treatment of CRF includes pharmacological and non-pharmacological therapies; dietary strategies with promising results have also been used. This study aimed to identify dietary supplements that improve fatigue in patients with breast cancer.MethodsA systematic review of the literature was conducted according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses statement. Data were obtained from PubMed, Scopus, MEDLINE, CENTRAL, and CINAHL databases using the following MeSH terms: breast neoplasms, dietary supplements, diet, and fatigue. In addition, the Google and Google Scholar search engines were used to find grey literature. Methodological quality was evaluated using the risk of bias in randomised clinical trials in the systematic Cochrane reviews, and the quality of the evidence was also analysed using the GRADE system.ResultsA total of 893 studies were assessed, of which eight were included in the review, with 932 women diagnosed with breast cancer. The most commonly used supplements that improve fatigue were guarana, acetyl-l-carnitine, and co-enzyme Q10. Two studies had a low risk of bias in all categories and three had high-quality evidence.ConclusionsDietary supplements or diet patterns are seldom used to treat fatigue in patients with breast cancer. The results of this review showed that guarana extract and a diet rich in whole foods, omega-3 fatty acids, fruits, and vegetables could be used to treat CRF in patients with breast cancer. The studies had a low risk of bias with high-quality evidence on the efficacy of the interventions in treating fatigue in the study population.
Plasma triacylglycerol and coagulation factor concentrations predict the anticoagulant effect of dietary fish oil in overweight subjects; Fish oil, containing (n-3) PUFA, is associated with a moderate reduction in cardiovascular disease through a multifactorial mechanism involving a decrease in plasma lipids and anticoagulant activity. Two intervention studies on subjects at risk were performed to determine the relation of these 2 fish-oil effects. In study 1, 54 overweight subjects consumed 3.1. g (n-3) PUFA daily. In study 2, which involved 42 overweight patients with type 2 diabetes, 20 subjects consumed (n-3) PUFA, whereas 22 others ingested a preparation rich in (n-6) PUFA. Tissue factor-induced thrombin generation (thrombin potential) was determined as an integrated measure of plasma coagulant activity. In both studies, multivariate analysis indicated a strong clustering of fasting concentrations of triacylglycerols, prothrombin, factor V, factor VI I, and factor X with one another at baseline. This cluster of factors determined partly the interindividual variation in thrombin generation, of which prothrombin and triacylglycerol concentrations were the main determinants. In both healthy subjects and diabetes patients, high triacylglycerol concentrations (> 1.69 mmol/L) at baseline were closely linked to a strong fish oil-induced lowering of triacylglycerol and coagulation factor V, VII, and X concentrations, and thrombin generation. We conclude that high fasting triacylglycerol concentrations predict high procoagulant activity and a lowering of thrombin potential with dietary fish oil.
Linoleic acid and the regulation of glucose homeostasis: A review of the evidence; The consumption of linoleic acid (LA, omega-6 18:2), the most common omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) in the Modern Western diet (MWD), has significantly increased over the last century in tandem with unprecedented incidence of chronic metabolic diseases like obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Although an essential fatty acid for health, LA was a very rare fatty acid in the diet of humans during their evolution. While the intake of other dietary macronutrients (carbohydrates like fructose) has also risen, diets rich in omega-6 PUFAs have been promoted in an effort to reduce cardiovascular disease despite unclear evidence as to how increased dietary LA consumption could promote a proinflammatory state and affect glucose metabolism. Current evidence suggests that sex, genetics, environmental factors, and disease status can differentially modulate how LA influences insulin sensitivity and peripheral glucose uptake as well as insulin secretion and pancreatic beta-cell function. Therefore, the aim of this review will be to summarize recent additions to our knowledge to refine the unique physiological and pathophysiological roles of LA in the regulation of glucose homeostasis.
No Association Between Vitamin D Supplementation and Risk of Colorectal Adenomas or Serrated Polyps in a Randomized Trial; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The effects of vitamin D on risk of colorectal cancer precursors are not clear. We examined the influence of vitamin D supplementation on risk of colorectal adenomas and serrated polyps in a prespecified ancillary study of a large-scale prevention trial (the vitamin D and omegA-3 trial, VITAL) of individuals who were free of cancer and cardiovascular disease at enrollment.
Docosahexaenoic acid and tetracyclines as promising neuroprotective compounds with poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitory activities for oxidative/genotoxic stress treatment; The human genome is exposed to oxidative/genotoxic stress by several endogenous and exogenous compounds. These events evoke DNA damage and activate poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 (PARP-1), the key enzyme involved in DNA repair. The massive stress and over-activation of this DNA-bound enzyme can be responsible for an energy crisis and neuronal death. The last data indicated that product of PARP-1, i.e. poly(ADP-ribose) (PAR), acts as a signalling molecule and plays a significant role in nucleus-mitochondria cross-talk. PAR translocated to the mitochondria can be involved in mitochondrial permeability, the release of an apoptosis-inducing factor (AIF). Its translocation into the nucleus leads to chromatin condensation, fragmentation and cell death. The exact mechanism of this novel death pathway has not yet fully been understood.
The Effect of Dietary Oil Type and Energy Intake in Lactating Sows on the Fatty Acid Profile of Colostrum and Milk, and Piglet Growth to Weaning; Simple Summary Substituting soya oil with salmon oil in lactation diets improved sow milk yield and litter gain during the suckling period. Additionally, salmon oil tended to reduce pre-weaning mortality; therefore, its use in lactation diets should be further investigated. A phased dietary energy regimen increased sow lactation energy intake, but sow body condition and piglet growth performance to weaning were not improved.
Dietary Fish Intake and Incident Atrial Fibrillation (from the Women's Health Initiative); Experimental and clinical trial data have suggested an association between fish oil intake and atrial fibrillation (AF). However, previous observational studies have reported conflicting results regarding this association. Thus, we sought to compare the association between dietary fish intake and incident AF in a large sample of older, postmenopausal women. We included 44,720 participants from the Women's Health Initiative clinical trials who were not enrolled in the dietary modification intervention arm and without AF at baseline. The dietary intake of nonfried fish and omega-3 fatty acid intake was estimated from a Food Frequency Questionnaire at study entry. Incident AF was determined by follow-up electrocardiography at years 3 and 6. The baseline characteristics and rates of incident AF were compared across the quartiles of fish intake. Adjusted logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between dietary nonfried fish intake and incident AF. A total of 378 incident cases of AF occurred during the follow-up period. In the age-adjusted models, no association was found between dietary nonfried fish intake and incident AF (odds ratio 1.17, 95% confidence interval 0.88 to 1.57 for quartile 4 vs quartile 1 of dietary fish intake). Similar findings were observed in the multivariate models and in the subgroup analyses. In conclusion, in a large cohort of healthy women, we found no evidence of an association between fish or omega-3 fatty acid intake and incident AF. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2010;105:844-848)
Fat content, energy value and fatty acid profile of donkey milk during lactation and implications for human nutrition; Background and aims: Milk contains numerous nutrients. The content of n-3 fatty acids, the n-6/n-3 ratio, and short-and medium-chain fatty acids may promote positive health effects. In Western societies, cow's milk fat is perceived as a risk factor for health because it is a source of a high fraction of saturated fatty acids. Recently, there has been increasing interest in donkey's milk. In this work, the fat and energetic value and acidic composition of donkey's milk, with reference to human nutrition, and their variations during lactation, were investigated. We also discuss the implications of the acidic profile of donkey's milk on human nutrition.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY-FAT CONTENT, SATURATED FATTY-ACIDS, AND FISH-OIL ON EICOSANOID PRODUCTION AND HEMOSTATIC PARAMETERS IN NORMAL MEN; Populations that consume a diet rich in marine lipids have been reported to have a lower risk of coronary heart disease. However, some Western population groups with a high fish consumption continue to suffer elevated rates of coronary heart disease. Many of these individuals consume a diet rich in saturated fats in addition to the fish. To examine these possible dietary interactions we fed six healthy men diets that contained two revels of saturated fat (5% and 19% of energy). During 3-week periods the study subjects were given diets with a low-(25% of energy) and high-(39% of energy) fat content with and without inclusion of n-3 polyunsaturated or monounsaturated fatty acids (2% of energy). The effects of the n-3 fatty acids on the principal plasma lipid fractions were similar regardless of the saturated fat intake. Platelet function, as measured by the skin bleeding time, was inhibited when n-3 fatty acids were added to the low saturated-fat diet. In vivo thromboxane A(2) production as assessed by urinary metabolites also declined (p < 0.01) during supplementation with n-3 fatty acids to a low-fat diet. Prostacyclin production were reduced on a low-fat diet compared to a high-fat diet regardless of supplementation with n-3 fatty acids. N-3 fatty acids stimulated the synthesis of modest amounts of thromboxane A(3) and prostacyclin I-3, on both the low and high saturated-fat diets. These studies showed that the effects of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids on platelet and vascular function and eicosanoid production are modulated by the content of saturated fatty acids in the diet. A diet with a low amount of dietary fats supplemented with n-3 fatty acids most favorably affected platelet function and platelet vascular interactions.
DNA Methylation in an Enhancer Region of the FADS Cluster Is Associated with FADS Activity in Human Liver; Levels of omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3), long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LcPUFAs) such as arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4, n-6), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20: 5, n-3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6, n-3) impact a wide range of biological activities, including immune signaling, inflammation, and brain development and function. Two desaturase steps (Delta 6, encoded by FADS2 and Delta 5, encoded by FADS1) are rate limiting in the conversion of dietary essential 18 carbon PUFAs (18C-PUFAs) such as LA (18: 2, n-6) to AA and a-linolenic acid (ALA, 18: 3, n-3) to EPA and DHA. GWAS and candidate gene studies have consistently identified genetic variants within FADS1 and FADS2 as determinants of desaturase efficiencies and levels of LcPUFAs in circulating, cellular and breast milk lipids. Importantly, these same variants are documented determinants of important cardiovascular disease risk factors (total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, CRP and proinflammatory eicosanoids). FADS1 and FADS2 lie head-to-head (5' to 5') in a cluster configuration on chromosome 11 (11q12.2). There is considerable linkage disequilibrium (LD) in this region, where multiple SNPs display association with LcPUFA levels. For instance, rs174537, located similar to 15 kb downstream of FADS1, is associated with both FADS1 desaturase activity and with circulating AA levels (p-value for AA levels = 5.95X10(-46)) in humans. To determine if DNA methylation variation impacts FADS activities, we performed genome-wide allele-specific methylation (ASM) with rs174537 in 144 human liver samples. This approach identified highly significant ASM with CpG sites between FADS1 and FADS2 in a putative enhancer signature region, leading to the hypothesis that the phenotypic associations of rs174537 are likely due to methylation differences. In support of this hypothesis, methylation levels of the most significant probe were strongly associated with FADS1 and, to a lesser degree, FADS2 activities.
Positive effects of egg-derived phospholipids in patients with metabolic syndrome; Purpose: Patients with metabolic syndrome (MBS) have an increased risk of all-cause mortality, especially from cardiovascular disease. Egg phospholipids (PL) have been shown to exert a positive impact on cholesterol metabolism and inflammation; eggs are an important source of PL. Our study examined potential effects of egg-yolk-derived PL in non-diabetic patients with MBS.
Serum fatty-acid composition and the risk of Alzheimer's disease: a longitudinal population-based study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: It is unknown if a specific fatty-acid composition influences the development of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Nutrition is a possible target for prevention of dementia and especially omega-3-based fatty acids (n-3 FAs) have previously been suggested to be beneficial for cognition. The objective was to ascertain whether serum FAs predicts the risk of incident AD and dementia in a longitudinal population-based cohort.
Serotonin fails to induce proliferation of endothelial cells preloaded with eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid; Diets rich in fish oils are associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease including reduction of atherosclerosis and restenosis. We examined the effect of omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), major components of fish oils, on serotonin (5HT) stimulated vascular endothelial cells proliferation as a possible mechanism for this vascular protective effect. In this study we demonstrate that 5HT, a known mitogen for vascular endothelial cells, failed to stimulate proliferation of endothelial cells pre-incubated with EPA and DHA. This inhibitory effect was specific for omega-3 fatty acids only and not shared by other fatty acids like oleic acid (monounsaturated) or arachidonic acid (polyunsaturated) or palmitic acid (saturated). When endothelial cells were exposed to EPA and DHA in the ratio present in fish oils, EPA and DHA were shown to act synergistically in inhibiting the proliferative effect of 5HT. These results suggests that one of the mechanisms by which fish oils may confer vascular protective effect is by making the endothelial cells less responsive to mitogenic stimuli of growth factors such as 5HT that are released by aggregating platelets at sites of vascular injury. This inhibition of endothelial cell proliferation may account for the clinically observed effects of fish oil in attenuating the progression of atherosclerotic changes or neointimal proliferation following vascular injury. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
SHORT REPORT - THE EFFECT OF FISH-OIL ON BLOOD-PRESSURE AND HIGH-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN-CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN PHASE-I OF THE TRIALS OF HYPERTENSION PREVENTION; Objective: To study the effects of moderate doses of fish oil on blood pressure and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol.
Acute EPA-induced learning and memory impairment in mice is prevented by DHA; Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 fatty acid, has been widely used to prevent cardiovascular disease (CVD) and treat brain diseases alone or in combination with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). However, the impact of EPA and DHA supplementation on normal cognitive function and the molecular targets of EPA and DHA are still unknown. We show that acute administration of EPA impairs learning and memory and hippocampal LTP in adult and prepubescent mice. Similar deficits are duplicated by endogenously elevating EPA in the hippocampus in the transgenic fat-1 mouse. Furthermore, the damaging effects of EPA are mediated through enhancing GABAergic transmission via the 5-HT6R. Interestingly, DHA can prevent EPA-induced impairments at a ratio of EPA to DHA similar to that in marine fish oil via the 5-HT2CR. We conclude that EPA exhibits an unexpected detrimental impact on cognitive functions, suggesting that caution must be exercised in omega-3 fatty acid supplementation and the combination of EPA and DHA at a natural ratio is critical for learning and memory and synaptic plasticity. Acute administration of EPA impairs learning and memory and hippocampal LTP in mice that was mediated through enhancing GABAergic transmission via the 5-HT6R. DHA can prevent EPA-induced impairments at a ratio of EPA to DHA similar to that in marine fish oil via the 5-HT2CR.
Formation of highly reactive cyclopentenone isoprostane compounds (A<sub>3</sub>/J<sub>3</sub>-isoprostanes) <i>in vivo</i> from eicosapentaenoic acid; Omega-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) found in marine fish oils are known to suppress inflammation associated with a wide variety of diseases. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is one of the most abundant omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil, but the mechanism(s) by which EPA exerts its beneficial effects is unknown. Recent studies, however, have demonstrated that oxidized EPA, rather than native EPA, possesses anti-atherosclerotic, anti-inflammatory, and anti-proliferative effects. Very few studies to date have investigated which EPA oxidation products are responsible for this bioactivity. Our research group has previously reported that anti-inflammatory prostaglandin A(2)-like and prostaglandin J(2)-like compounds, termed A(2)/J(2)-isoprostanes (IsoPs), are produced in vivo by the free radical-catalyzed peroxidation of arachidonic acid and represent one of the major products resulting from the oxidation of this PUFA. Based on these observations, we questioned whether cyclopentenone-IsoP compounds are formed from the oxidation of EPA in vivo. Herein, we report the formation of cyclopentenone-IsoP molecules, termed A(3)/J(3)-IsoPs, formed in abundance in vitro and in vivo from EPA peroxidation. Chemical approaches coupled with gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and liquid chromatography/ mass spectrometry (LC/MS) were used to structurally characterize these compounds as A(3)/J(3)-IsoPs. We found that levels of these molecules increase similar to 200-fold with oxidation of EPA in vitro from a basal level of 0.8 +/- 0.4 ng/mg EPA to 196 +/- 23 ng/mg EPA after 36 h. We also detected these compounds in significant amounts in fresh liver tissue from EPA-fed rats at basal levels of 19 +/- 2 ng/g tissue. Amounts increased to 102 +/- 15 ng/g tissue in vivo in settings of oxidative stress. These studies have, for the first time, definitively characterized novel, highly reactive A/J-ring IsoP compounds that form in abundance from the oxidation of EPA in vivo.
Current Focuses in Serum Lipid Abnormalities in Dialysis Patients; Background: Dyslipidemia is a common metabolic complication in patients with chronic kidney disease and is detected as changes in lipoprotein concentrations in serum. Summary: Recently, other features of lipid abnormalities have been described, such as alterations in serum n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, cholesterol metabolism (proportion of hepatic synthesis and intestinal absorption), and dysfunctional high-density lipoprotein. Key Messages: Since abnormalities of these new aspects predict adverse outcomes in hemodialysis populations, they may be helpful in risk stratification of patients and could also be new targets for prevention. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
Can fish oil supplementation and physical training improve oxidative metabolism in aged rat hearts?; Aims: It is well known that in the aging process a variety of physiological functions such as cardiac physiology and energy metabolism decline. Imbalance in production and elimination of reactive oxygen species (ROS) may induce oxidative stress. Research shows that oxidative stress is an important factor in the aging process. Studies suggest that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and moderate physical exercise modulate the ROS system. Therefore, the present study aimed to investigate whether omega-3 present in fish oil supplementation coupled with moderate physical training could improve antioxidant and metabolic enzymes in the hearts of adult and aged rats and, if these effects could be associated to glycemia, plasma lipid profile or murinometric parameters.
Hepatic Fat Accumulation Is Modulated by the Interaction between the rs738409 Variant in the <i>PNPLA3</i> Gene and the Dietary Omega6/Omega3 PUFA Intake; Background: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), the rs738409, in the patatin like phospholipase 3 gene (PNPLA3) has been recently associated with increased hepatic steatosis and ALT levels in adults and children. Given the potential role of PNPLA3 in fatty liver development, we aimed to explore whether the influence of PNPLA3 genotype on hepatic fat in obese youth might be modulated by dietary factors such as essential omega polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) intake.
Inflammatory markers in dependence on the plasma concentration of 37 fatty acids after the coronary stent implantation; Using the regression model building the relationships between the concentration of 37 fatty acids of blood plasma phospholipids of 41 patients with coronary artery disease after coronary stent implantation, the inflammatory response and oxidative stress markers were estimated. The dynamics of the inflammatory response and the oxidative stress was indicated by measuring plasma concentrations of highly sensitive C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, serum amyloid A and malondialdehyde before, 24 h after stent implantation. The multiple linear regression analysis was preceded by an exploratory data analysis, principal component analysis, factor analysis and cluster analysis, which proved a hidden internal relation of 37 fatty acids. The concentration of cerotic acid (C26:0) has been positively associated with an increase of malondialdehyde concentration after stent implantation, while the concentrations of tetracosatetraenoic (C24:4 N6) and nonadecanoic (C19:0) acids were associated with decrease of lipoper-oxidation. The increase of interleukin-6 during the 24 h after implantation was associated with higher levels of pentadecanoic acid (C15:0) and lower levels of a-linolenic acid (C18:3 N3). Regression models found several significant fatty acids at which the strength of the parameter beta for each fatty acid on selected markers of C-reactive protein, malondialdehyde, interleukin-6 and serum amyloid A was estimated. Parameter beta testifies to the power of the positive or negative relationship of the fatty acid concentration on the concentration of selected markers. The influencing effect of the cerotic acid (C26:0) concentration in plasma phospholipids exhibiting parameter beta = 140.4 is, for example, 3.5 times higher than this effect of n-3 tetracosapentaenoic acid (C24:5 N3) with beta = 40.0. Composition of fatty acids in plasma phospholipids shows spectrum of fatty acids available for intercellular communication in systemic inflammatory response of organism and should affect clinical outcomes. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of High-Fat Diets from Different Sources on Serum and Thymus Lipid Profile: Study in an Experimental Model; Background: A balanced diet is important to maintain an optimal health status and to prevent non-communicable chronic diseases. The principal objective of this study was to analyze the effect of diets containing high fat levels from different sources, on serum and thymus lipid profile, in adult rats.
EFFECT OF SACHA INCHI OIL (<i>PLUKENETIA VOLUBILIS</i>) IN THE DIET OF BROILER BREEDERS ON THE PRODUCTIVE PERFORMANCE OF THEIR PROGENY; The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of Sacha inchi oil (Plukenetia volubilis) in the diet of broiler breeders on the productive performance of their progeny. The study included 720 male Cobb Vantres 500 chicks where half of them originated from breeders fed with a diet containing 5% Sacha inchi oil and the other half fed with a diet containing conventional fat. Nine replicates per group were used in the study. Body weight, food intake, mortality, feed conversion index (FCI), European productive efficiency index (PEI), and level of active and passive humoral immunity were evaluated. At 42 days of age, the inclusion of Sacha inchi oil in the diet showed a positive but not significant effect on productive performance, but a significant increase in the level of maternal antibodies against Newcastle disease (p<0.05) and a slight increase of maternal antibodies against Gumboro and infectious bronchitis viruses.
Management of non-high-density lipoprotein abnormalities; Epidemiological evidence supports the use of non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C), apolipoprotein B-100 (apoB), and low-density lipoprotein particles as markers of atherogenic risk. Treatment guidelines also identify these as additional targets of lipid-modifying intervention in patients with elevated triglycerides (TG). Even when TG are only moderately elevated, many patients on statin monotherapy who have achieved targets for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) fail to reach non-HDL-C treatment goals, and even fewer reach apoB goals. Combination lipid-modifying therapy is therefore indicated for comprehensive lipid management, particularly in patients with type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in whom LDL-C levels are often considered 'optimal'. Of the available options, adding either a niacin, fibrate or omega-3 fatty acids provides greater opportunity to achieve non-HDL-C and apoB targets, given complementary profiles of lipid-modifying activity and supported by evidence from clinical studies. Improvement in lipid control and reduction in atherogenic risk could be anticipated to translate to benefits in clinical outcomes. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Candidate foods in the Asia-Pacific region for cardiovascular protection: nuts, soy, lentils and tempe; Cross-cultural and intervention studies increasingly point the way to seeds like nuts, soy and lentils and products of them like tempe being cardioprotective. Soy and its products (like tofu, tempe. soy drinks and soy desserts) are historically and currently some of the most important foods in the Asian region where diets remain predominantly plant-based, The mechanisms by which these seeds may protect populations against cardiovascular disease are several. Thru include the minimisation of classical risk factors like positive energy balance leading to obesity hypertension, dyslipidemia and insulin resistance with hyperglycaemia. However, in addition, they provide compounds like n-3 fatty acids, isoflavones and arginine which are only now recognised for their ability to optimise other pathways which connect lifestyle to cardiovascular disease - like oxidant status, vascular reactivity and myocardial electrical stability and proneness to dysrhythmia. Thus, once an Asian food culture changes on its emphasis on these plant foods, it may place its consumers at cardiovascular risk.
Dietary interventions on the prevention and management of diabetes in post-kidney transplantation - A systematic review; Post-transplant diabetes mellitus is associated with long-term immunosuppression and weight gain, and is related to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, accelerated loss of graft and increased mortality. There is an absence of strong evidence-based dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of post-transplant diabetes mellitus in kidney transplant recipients. The aim of this study was to systematically review all dietary evidence for kidney transplant recipients on clinical outcomes relating to diabetes, patient-reported outcomes and economic outcomes. A comprehensive literature search was conducted in August 2020 using the databases Medline, Embase, CENTRAL and CINAHL. Studies were critically appraised using Cochrane risk of bias tools and GRADE. A total of 12 studies and 1928 participants were included. Four papers focused on diet and exercise, one paper on diet only, two papers on magnesium supplementation, one paper on magnesium and fibre intake, two papers on Mediterranean diet, one paper on marine n-3 fatty acid supplementation and one paper on fruit and vegetable intake. There were no significant effects on outcomes relating to dietary counselling, magnesium supplementation, magnesium and fibre intake or marine n-3 fatty acid supplementation. Low-quality evidence supports the Mediterranean diet in reducing the risk of post-transplant diabetes mellitus and fasting plasma glucose levels. Low-quality evidence suggests vegetable intake being associated with a lower risk of post-transplant diabetes mellitus. This review demonstrates limited evidence for dietary interventions in the prevention and management of diabetes in post-kidney transplantation. The findings suggest that further high-quality research with robust study designs is required.
Personal Strategies to Reduce the Cardiovascular Impacts of Environmental Exposures; Ubiquitous environmental exposures increase cardiovascular disease risk via diverse mechanisms. This review examines personal strategies to minimize this risk. With regard to fine particulate air pollution exposure, evidence exists to recommend the use of portable air cleaners and avoidance of outdoor activity during periods of poor air quality. Other evidence may support physical activity, dietary modification, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation, and indoor and in-vehicle air conditioning as viable strategies to minimize adverse health effects. There is currently insufficient data to recommend specific personal approaches to reduce the adverse cardiovascular effects of noise pollution. Public health advisories for periods of extreme heat or cold should be observed, with limited evidence supporting a warm ambient home temperature and physical activity as strategies to limit the cardiovascular harms of temperature extremes. Perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substance exposure can be reduced by avoiding contact with perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substance-containing materials; blood or plasma donation and cholestyramine may reduce total body stores of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances. However, the cardiovascular impact of these interventions has not been examined. Limited utilization of pesticides and safe handling during use should be encouraged. Finally, vasculotoxic metal exposure can be decreased by using portable air cleaners, home water filtration, and awareness of potential contaminants in ground spices. Chelation therapy reduces physiological stores of vasculotoxic metals and may be effective for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
The Polymorphism and Expression of <i>CYP2E1</i> Gene and Its Relation to Carcass an Meat Quality of Indonesian Lamb; The aim of this study was to conduct the genotyping of the single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in g.50657948 T>G of the CYP2E1 gene and its relation to the carcass and meat quality. A total of 200 Indonesian lambs consisted of 20 Javanese fat-tail sheep (JFTS), 37 Javanese thin-tail sheep (JTTS), 20 Garut sheep (GS), 21 Jonggol sheep (JS), 34 Garut composite sheep (GCS), 35 compass agrinac sheep (CAS), and 33 Barbados cross sheep (BCS) aged between 10-12 months old were used in this study. The polymorphism of the CYP2E1 gene was characterized using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) with NlaIII enzyme restriction. The CYP2E1 gene found the three genotypes (GG, GT, and TT) and the allele frequencies were in Hardy Weinberg equilibrium. The CYP2E1 gene was significantly associated with meat quality, i.e., pH value and tenderness, as well as fatty acid composition (p<0.05), i.e., saturated fatty acid (SFA): caprylic acid (C8:0), arachidic acid (C20:0), heneicosylic acid (C21:0), behenic acid (C:22:0), and tricosylic acid (C23:0), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA): elaidic acid (C18:1n9t) and paullinic acid (C20:1); polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA): linoleic acid (C18:2n6c) and y-linolenic acid (C20:3n6). A gene expression analysis indicated that the GG genotype had the highest expression level. It could be concluded that the SNP g.50657948 T>G of the CYP2E1 gene could be used for candidate marker-assisted selection to improve the carcass and meat quality of Indonesian lamb.
ALTERATIONS OF PLASMA-MEMBRANE FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION MODIFY THE KINETICS OF NA+ CURRENT IN CULTURED RAT DIENCEPHALIC NEURONS; Properties of inward Na+ currents (I(Na)) were examined in dissociated diencephalic neurons whose plasma membrane fatty acid composition had been altered. These neurons were grown in a defined medium supplemented with essential fatty acids (EFA) of either the w3 class (linolenic acid, 18:3w3) or the w6 class (linoleic acid, 18:2w6), which resulted in a two-fold increase in the plasma membrane phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) concentration. The properties of the inward I(Na) of these neurons were compared with those of control neurons grown in the absence of any supplemented fatty acids. The I(Na) of neurons supplemented with a non-essential fatty acid (NFA) of w9 class (oleic acid, 18:1w9) was also examined. Several properties have been modified to different degrees. The ratio of the amplitudes between the fast and the slow decay components as well as the time constant of the fast decay component changed consistently and reversibly with the membrane phospholipid PUFA composition. The current-voltage relationships, channel selectivity, rates of inactivation and recovery from inactivation did not change. Other parameters, such as time-to-peak and steady-state inactivation curves, have changed in EFA- and NFA-supplemented cultures and did not reverse completely. These findings demonstrate that the kinetics of I(Na) can be modified by fatty acid supplementation. These effects can be correlated, in part, with alterations in plasma membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition.
Benefits of Nut Consumption on Insulin Resistance and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: Multiple Potential Mechanisms of Actions; Epidemiological and clinical studies have indicated that nut consumption could be a healthy dietary strategy to prevent and treat type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and related cardiovascular disease (CVD). The objective of this review is to examine the potential mechanisms of action of nuts addressing effects on glycemic control, weight management, energy balance, appetite, gut microbiota modification, lipid metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation, endothelial function and blood pressure with a focus on data from both animal and human studies. The favourable effects of nuts could be explained by the unique nutrient composition and bioactive compounds in nuts. Unsaturated fatty acids (monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids) present in nuts may play a role in glucose control and appetite suppression. Fiber and polyphenols in nuts may also have an anti-diabetic effect by altering gut microbiota. Nuts lower serum cholesterol by reduced cholesterol absorption, inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase and increased bile acid production by stimulation of 7- hydroxylase. Arginine and magnesium improve inflammation, oxidative stress, endothelial function and blood pressure. In conclusion, nuts contain compounds that favourably influence glucose homeostasis, weight control and vascular health. Further investigations are required to identify the most important mechanisms by which nuts decrease the risk of T2DM and CVD.
Outcome and cost-effectiveness of perioperative enteral immunonutrition in patients undergoing elective upper gastrointestinal tract surgery - A prospective randomized study; Hypothesis: Perioperatively administered enteral immunonutrition will improve early postoperative morbidity and cost-effectiveness after gastrointestinal tract surgery.
<i>MTHFR</i> 677C → T genotype modulates the effect of a 5-year supplementation with B-vitamins on homocysteine concentration: The SU.FOL.OM3 randomized controlled trial; Aims
ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID NUTRITION OF LARVAL STRIPED BASS (MORONE-SAXATILIS) AND PALMETTO BASS (M-SAXATILISXM-CHRYSOPS); Essential fatty acid (EFA) requirements of striped bass and palmetto bass (striped bass x white bass) larvae were investigated using three Artemia nauplii diets: (1) a control diet (Great Salt Lake strain), and same strain enriched with (2) corn oil, and (3) highly unsaturated n-3 fatty acids (HUFA = 20:3 < n-3 fatty acids). The n-6/n-3 ratio increased (6 fold) while the HUFA content of fish decreased (10 to 30 fold) in all treatments by age. At 28-d posthatch, palmetto bass showed no size differences among treatments, although striped bass fed the HUFA diet were significantly larger than those fed the other two diets. At metamorphosis from larvae to juveniles (26-28 d posthatch), both genetic groups fed the control and corn oil diets displayed EFA deficiency syndrome and mass mortality (85-99%), while larvae fed the HUFA diet had excellent survival (80%). Palmetto bass were more sensitive to EFA deficiencies than striped bass in the control and corn oil diets, as mortality was greater. Regression analyses revealed that the HUFA content, and not the other fatty acid families of diet and larvae, was responsible for the variation in growth and survival; the higher the HUFA content, the better the survival and growth. Both genetic groups emulated marine species with respect to their EFA requirements, and dietary HUFA was required at levels of 5.7 mg g-1 dry-wt Artemia nauplii.
Influence of dietary fish on fatty acid composition of the erythrocyte membrane in coronary heart disease patients; This study examines the effects of dietary fish oil on the fatty acid composition of the erythrocyte membrane in persons with coronary heart-disease. Thirty men with myocardial infarction were studied during three consecutive periods, during which they consumer 1) their habitual diet, 2) a diet specially designed to prevent ischaemic cardiopathy, and 3) a dirt rich in polyunsaturated fat, in which fish was substituted for meat. At-the end of each diet, fatty acid concentrations in the erythrocyte membrane were measured, and a 48 h recall dietary questionnaire was used to determine the types of foods consumed. Despite the increase in the intake of (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PU-FA), the fatty acid composition of the erythrocyte membrane failed to reflect the greater dietary supply of eicosapentaenoic acid, and showed increased concentrations of stearic (C16) and palmitic (C18) acid. The increase in dietary (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids markedly increased 22:4 (n-6), 22:5 (n-6), 22:5 (n-3) and 22:6 (n-3) fatty acids.
Postmortem brain fatty acid profile of levodopa-treated Parkinson disease patients and parkinsonian monkeys; Fatty acids play a critical role in brain function but their specific role in the pathophysiology of Parkinson disease (PD) and levodopa-induced motor complications is still unknown. From a therapeutic standpoint, it is important to determine the relation between brain fatty acids and PD because the brain fatty acid content depends on nutritional intake, a readily manipulable environmental factor. Here, we report a postmortem analysis of fatty acid profile by gas chromatography in the brain cortex of human patients (12 PD patients and nine Controls) as well as in the brain cortex of monkeys (four controls, five drug-naive MPTP monkeys and seven levodopa-treated MPTP monkeys). Brain fatty acid profile of cerebral cortex tissue was similar between PD patients and Controls and was not correlated with age of death, delay to autopsy or brain pH. Levodopa administration in MPTP monkeys increased arachidonic acid content (+7%; P < 0.05) but decreased docosahexaenoic acid concentration (-15%; P < 0.05) and total n-3:n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids ratio (-27%; P < 0.01) compared to drug-naive MPTP animals. Interestingly, PD, patients who experienced motor complications to levodopa had higher arachidonic acid concentrations in the cortex compared to Controls (+13.6%; P < 0.05) and to levodopa-treated PD patients devoid of motor complications (+14.4%; P < 0.05). Furthermore, PD patients who took an above-median cumulative dose of levodopa had a higher relative amount of saturated fatty acids but lower monounsaturated fatty acids in their brain cortex (P < 0.01). These results suggest that changes in brain fatty acid relative concentrations are associated with levodopa treatment in PD patients and in a non-human primate model of parkinsonism. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Docosahexaenoic acid pretreatment confers neuroprotection in a rat model of perinatal cerebral hypoxia-ischemia; OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that pretreatment with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a potentially neuroprotective polyunsaturated fatty acid, would improve function and reduce brain damage in a rat model of perinatal hypoxia-ischemia.
ATHEROSCLEROSIS - CELLULAR ASPECTS AND POTENTIAL INTERVENTIONS; The pathogenesis of atherosclerosis has been extensively studied and the cellular aspects increasingly characterized. This review will focus on the basic pathology, presumed cellular events, cellular interactions, cell-lipid relationships, and potential therapies of atherosclerosis. Fatty streaks, fibrous plaques, and complicated plaques are the pathologic hallmarks of atherosclerosis. These lesions insidiously progress, and symptoms appear to develop when the plaque luminal surface destabilizes. The major cellular contributors to plaque development are monocytes/macrophages, endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, and, to a lesser degree, lymphocytes and platelets. They interact in a complicated fashion. Growth factors and cytokines produced by these cells are also of great importance for cell-cell interaction. Hemodynamic factors contribute to atherogenesis at preferential sites within the arterial vasculature, presumably by effects on the cellular mechanisms. Hyperlipidemia, especially elevations of total and LDL-cholesterol, has been well characterized as an atherosclerotic risk factor. Cellular modification of LDL-cholesterol, primarily by oxidation, leads to more rapid uptake by macrophage-derived foam cells, enhancing plaque growth by this and other mechanisms. These observations may unify the cellular and lipid contributors to atherogenesis. Therapies directed at the cellular contributors to atherosclerosis are being assessed. Dietary n - 3 fatty acid supplementation reduces the extent of experimental atherosclerosis, and human studies are in progress. Many potential cellular effects of n - 3 fatty acids have been demonstrated. Other potential therapies for atherosclerosis that probably work at the cellular level include calcium channel blockers, antioxidants, and heparinoids. An exciting new era of atherosclerosis research and, hopefully, therapy has dawned, as knowledge about its cellular basis accrues.
Benefits and risks of fish consumption for the human health; The article aimed at identifying and discussing scientific evidences on the benefits and risks of fish consumption the human health. There was a systematic survey for articles published from 2003 and May 2011, at the MedLine, Scopus, SciELO, Lilacs and Google Scholar databases. The key words used were: fish, food intake, omega-3 fatty acids, fatty fish, benefits, risk, and consumption. The search produced 12,632 articles, 25 eligible cohort studies on possible benefits, 61 on risks and 10 studies that assessed the "risk/benefit" relation. Of the 25 works, 14 suggested a preventive effect of fish consumption related to cardiovascular diseases, depression, cataract and some types of cancer. Evidences of a relation between exposure to mercury and an increase in the risk of neurological disorders, but not of cardiovascular diseases, were also found. Given the importance of fish consumption, its possible risks and the lack of Brazilian studies on the topic, it is important to conduct more longitudinal studies that assess both the benefits and risks of fish consumption for the human health. We also emphasize the need for policies to reduce exposure of fish and seafood to mercury and other contaminants.
The potential use of irradiation to extend the shelf-life of clams (<i>Ruditapes decussatus</i>) during live storage: effect on bacterial and biochemical profiles; Changes in microbiological and biochemical quality of clams (Ruditapes decussatus) subjected to low doses of gamma irradiation (0.5 and 1 kGy) were investigated during alive storage, at 5 degrees C. The mortality rate was significantly lower for irradiated clams compared with the control. In the same way, ammonia content was lower for irradiated clams (especially 1 kGy irradiated group). Considerable levels of total mesophiles, coliforms, staphylococcus, faecal streptococcus and Escherichia coli were detected in the control and irradiation had immediately reduced these charges; all bacteria studied experienced a 1- to 3-log reduction following 1 kGy irradiation. At the last day of storage, irradiated groups showed a noticeable reduction in the bacterial counts, whereas the mesophiles, staphylococcus and coliform germs were abundant in the control group (6.3, 2 and 1.7 log CFU g(-1), respectively). Irradiation doses up to 1 kGy had not an immediate effect on fatty acids composition (P > 0.05) and lipid profile was better in irradiated samples, where polyunsaturated fatty acid fraction was maintained throughout storage using irradiation. Also, sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis revealed minor changes in proteins bands between different samples. These results demonstrated that 1 kGy irradiation appeared to be the optimum dose for treating alive clams (R. decussatus), through improving the microbial quality and alleviating biochemical changes during refrigerated storage.
Dietary docosahexaenoic acid increases cerebral acetylcholine levels and improves passive avoidance performance in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats; We have recently shown that inferior performance in passive avoidance task is accompanied with decreased hippocampal choline (Ch) in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) compared with normotensive control Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY). We also reported that dietary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) suppresses the development of hypertension and stroke-related behavioral changes, resulting in the prolongation of the life span of SHRSP. In this study, we examined the effect of dietary DHA on the cerebral acetylcholine (ACh) levels and learning performance in passive avoidance tasks in SHRSP. The arachidonic acid decreased and the DHA increased in plasma lipids dose dependently with dietary DHA treatments, which decreased the systolic brood pressure in SHRSP. Dietary DHA significantly restored the significantly inferior learning performance in passive avoidance response observed in control SHRSP (DHA 0%). Furthermore, the hippocampal ACh levels were correlated positively with the total response latency in passive avoidance tasks. These results suggest that cholinergic dysfunction in the brain of control SHRSP is responsible, at least in part, for the impaired learning ability and the dietary DHA ameliorates this performance failure. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Inc.
Are dietary fish oil supplements appropriate for dyslipidemia management? A review of the evidence; Purpose of reviewThe purpose of this review is to assess whether dietary fish oil supplements can be appropriate for patients with elevated triglycerides and cardiovascular risk based on a comprehensive analysis of their composition, and level of regulatory oversight.Recent findingsApproximately 19 million people in the United States take fish oil supplements, many for the purpose of treating or preventing heart disease. Unlike prescription products, fish oil supplements are classified as food by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and are not required to undergo manufacturing oversight or clinical testing. Analysis of widely used dietary fish oil supplements show that they may have lower amounts of omega -3 than advertised as well as significant levels of saturated fat and oxidized oils which actually may contribute to dyslipidemia. Clinical outcome trials have failed to show a consistent cardiovascular benefit with fish oil supplements and other low-dose mixed omega -3 fatty acids.SummaryIn light of limited regulatory oversight and evidence of quality concerns, dietary fish oil supplements are not an appropriate substitute for FDA approved prescription omega -3 fatty acids for their indicated use in treatment of elevated triglycerides or the prevention of cardiovascular events.
Enhancing PUFA-rich polar lipids in <i>Tisochrysis lutea</i> using adaptive laboratory evolution (ALE) with oscillating thermal stress; Adaptive laboratory evolution is a powerful tool for microorganism improvement likely to produce enhanced microalgae better tailored to their industrial uses. In this work, 12 wild-type strains of Tisochrysis lutea were co-cultivated under increasing thermal stress for 6 months. Indeed, temperature was oscillating daily between a high and a low temperature, with increasing amplitude along the experiment. The goal was to enhance the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the polar lipids. Samples were taken throughout the evolution experiment and cultivated in standardized conditions to analyze the evolution of the lipid profile. Genomic analysis of the final population shows that two strains survived. The lipid content doubled, impacting all lipid classes. The fatty acid analyses show a decrease in SFAs correlated with an increase in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), while changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFAs) vary between both photobioreactors. Hence, the proportion of C18-MUFAs (18:1 n-9) and most C18-PUFAs (18:2 n-6, 18:3 n-3, and 18:4 n-3) increased, suggesting their potential role in adjusting membrane fluidity to temperature shifts. Of particular interest, DHA in polar lipids tripled in the final population while the growth rate was not affected.Key points center dot Adaptive laboratory evolution on a mix of 12 T. lutea strains led to survival of 2 center dot Thermal stress impacted cell size, total lipid cell content, and all lipid classes center dot DHA cell content partitioned to polar lipids tripled throughout the experiment
Growth, mortality, tissue histopathology and fatty acid compositions, eicosanoid production and response to stress, in juvenile turbot fed diets rich in γ-linolenic acid in combination with eicosapentaenoic acid or docosahexaenoic acid; Three diets containing either borage oil (BO) and southern hemisphere fish oil Marinol (MO), or BO and tuna orbital oil (TO), or a northern hemisphere fish oil (FO) were fed to duplicate groups of turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) of initial mean weight 1.2 g for a period of 12 weeks. The BO/MO and BO/TO diets were enriched in gamma-linolenic (18:3n-6, GLA) and eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3, EPA) acids, and GLA and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3, DHA), respectively. No differences were observed in final weights or growth rates, either between duplicate tanks or between dietary treatments. Half of the FO-fed fish sampled showed a histopathological lesion indicative of lipoid liver degeneration while the other treatments only showed a slight incidence of the same pathology. The fatty acid compositions of carcass and tissues broadly reflected the dietary input. In general, fish fed the BO/MO diet had increased levels of 18:2n-6, 18:3n-6, 20:3n-6 and 20:5n-3, but a lower level of 22:6n-3, compared to fish fed FO. In fish fed the BO/TO diet, levels of 18:2n-6, 18:3n-6, 20:3n-6 and 20:4n-6 were increased while levels of 20:5n-3 and 22:5n-3 were reduced, compared to fish fed FO. Concentrations of thromboxanes B (TXB) and leukotrienes B (LTB), derived from 20:4n-6 and 20:5n-3, were measured in plasma and stimulated blood cells. Levels of TXB, were greatest in fish fed the BO/TO diet compared to both other treatments, while LTB, was decreased in fish fed the BO/MO diet compared to both other treatments. In a stress test which involved anaesthesia followed by measurement of recovery times, fish fed the BO/MO diet had significantly lower recovery times compared to fish fed the FO diet.
Themed Section: Advances in Nutritional Pharmacology; The value of dietary components to improvement in health and, particularly, to prevention of cardiovascular disease and cancer, is frequently reported in the media and therefore often captures the attention of the wider public. Understanding the pharmacological mechanisms by which nutritional elements confer their health benefits enables us to keep the public informed, but also aids in the identification of new targets for drug development. In recent years there has been significant progress in this field.
Metabolomic profile of prostate cancer-specific survival among 1812 Finnish men; Background Abnormal metabolism and perturbations in metabolic pathways play significant roles in the development and progression of prostate cancer; however, comprehensive metabolomic analyses of human data are lacking and needed to elucidate the interrelationships. Methods We examined the serum metabolome in relation to prostate cancer survival in a cohort of 1812 cases in the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention (ATBC) Study. Using an ultrahigh-performance LC-MS/MS platform, we identified 961 known metabolites in prospectively collected serum. Median survival time from diagnosis to prostate cancer-specific death (N=472) was 6.6 years (interquartile range=2.9-11.1 years). Cox proportional hazards regression models estimated hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals of the associations between the serum metabolites (in quartiles) and prostate cancer death, adjusted for age at baseline and diagnosis, disease stage, and Gleason sum. In order to calculate risk scores, we first randomly divided the metabolomic data into a discovery set (70%) and validated in a replication set (30%). Results Overall, 49 metabolites were associated with prostate cancer survival after Bonferroni correction. Notably, higher levels of the phospholipid choline, amino acid glutamate, long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (n6) arachidonate (20:4n6), and glutamyl amino acids gamma-glutamylglutamate, gamma-glutamylglycine, and gamma-glutamylleucine were associated with increased risk of prostate cancer-specific mortality (fourth versus first quartile HRs=2.07-2.14; P-values <5.2x10(-5)). By contrast, the ascorbate/aldarate metabolite oxalate, xenobiotics S-carboxymethyl-L-cysteine, fibrinogen cleavage peptides ADpSGEGDFXAEGGGVR and fibrinopeptide B (1-12) were related to reduced disease-specific mortality (fourth versus first quartile HRs=0.82-0.84; P-value <5.2x10(-5)). Further adjustment for years from blood collection to cancer diagnosis, body mass index, smoking intensity and duration, and serum total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol did not alter the results. Participants with a higher metabolic score based on the discovery set had an elevated risk of prostate cancer-specific mortality in the replication set (fourth versus first quartile, HR=3.9, P-value for trend<0.0001). Conclusions The metabolic traits identified in this study, including for choline, glutamate, arachidonate, gamma-glutamyl amino acids, fibrinopeptides, and endocannabinoid and redox pathways and their composite risk score, corroborate our previous analysis of fatal prostate cancer and provide novel insights and potential leads regarding the molecular basis of prostate cancer progression and mortality.
Trans fatty acids and cardiovascular risk; The major source of trans unsaturated fatty acid bearing fats (trans fats) is the partially hydrogenated fats present in margarines, salad and cooking oils. When ingested, trans fats are deposited in tissues but disappear when the nutritional stimulus is removed. They have no adverse effects on growth or reproduction in rats. Trans fats are hypercholesterolemic for rabbits and monkeys but no more atherogenic than their cis counterparts.
Validation of an FFQ to estimate the intake of fatty acids using erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and multiple 3 d dietary records; Objective: The estimation of dietary intake in population-based studies is often assessed by the FFQ. The objective of our study is to evaluate the validity of an FFQ used to assess dietary fatty acid intake among middle-aged Chinese adults in Southern China.
The association between dietary fats and the incidence risk of cardiovascular outcomes: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Background The association between dietary fats and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is under debate. We aimed to determine the potential effects of dietary saturated fats (SFA), mono-unsaturated (MUFA) and poly-unsaturated (PUFA) fatty acids on the occurrence of CVD in an adult Asian population. Methods This study was conducted within the framework of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study on 2809 CVD-free adults, aged >= 19 years. Dietary intakes of fats were estimated using a validated 168-items semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, at baseline. Adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals of CVD were calculated in tertile categories of dietary fats. The risk of CVD was estimated with multivariable Cox regression for the substitution of total fat or SFA with other macronutrients. Results During 10.6 years of follow up, the incidence rate of CVD events was 7.1%. Mean (+/- SD) age of the participants was 39 (+/- 14) years and 43.9% were men. Total fat, animal and plant sources of fats were not associated with risk of CVD events. No significant associations were found between total SFA, lauric acid, myristic acid, stearic acid, palmitic acid as well as MUFA and PUFA and CVD incidence. Substitutions of total fats or SFA with other macronutrients were not associated with CVD risk. Conclusions In this study, no significant associations were found between dietary fats and CVD risk. Considering the emerging body of literature that suggests no association between fats and CVD risk, reconsideration of dietary recommendations regarding low fat diets to prevent CVD, seems to be essential.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids induce cell death in YAC-1 lymphoma by a caspase-3-independent mechanism; Background: The involvement of certain fatty acids in the induction of apoptosis has been established recently. In fact, considerable attention has been given in the past few years to the participation of polyunsaturated fatty acids as substances capable of modulating tumor cell growth. Materials and Methods: Fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), linolenic acid (LNA), arachidonic acid (AA), linoleic acid (LA), oleic acid (OA) or stearic acid (SA) were added to YAC-1 tumor cells. Results: Incubation of cells with fatty acids revealed a loss of cell viability in a dose-dependent manner. Quantification of DNA fragmentation showed a significant increase particularly in cells treated in the presence of LA, whereas the accumulation of triacylglycerols in the form of cytoplasmic lipid droplets was significantly enhanced in cells cultured with EPA LNA or AA. The production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) was substantially increased after cell incubation. Nevertheless, the analysis of caspase-3 activity indicated a relevant increase in cells cultured in the presence of LA, OA or SA but not in cells cultured with EPA, LNA or AA. Conclusion: On the basis of these results, we can speculate that long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids such as EPA and AA as well as LNA induce cell death in YAC-1 lymphoma by an independent mechanism of caspase-3 activation.
PUFA-induced cell death is mediated by Yca1p-dependent and -independent pathways, and is reduced by vitamin C in yeast; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) such as linoleic acid (LA, n-6, C18:2) and gamma-linolenic acid (GLA, n-6, C18: 3) are essential and must be obtained from the diet. There has been a growing interest in establishing a bio-sustainable production of PUFA in several microorganisms, e.g. in yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. However, PUFAs can also be toxic to cells because of their susceptibility to peroxidation. Here we investigated the negative effects of LA and GLA production on S. cerevisiae by characterizing a strain expressing active Delta 6 and Delta 12 desaturases from the fungus Mucor rouxii. Previously, we showed that the PUFA-producing strain has low viability, down-regulated genes for oxidative stress response, and decreased proteasome activity. Here we show that the PUFA strain accumulates high levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and lipid peroxides, and accumulates damaged proteins. The PUFA strain also showed great increase in metacaspase Yca1p activity, suggesting cells could die by caspase-mediated cell death. When treated with antioxidant vitamin C, ROS, lipid peroxidation and protein carbonylation were greatly reduced, and the activity of the metacaspase was significantly decreased too, ultimately doubling the lifespan of the PUFA strain. When deleting YCA1, the caspase-like activity and the oxidative stress decreased and although the lifespan was slightly prolonged, the phenotype could not be fully reversed, pointing that Yca1p was not the main executor of cell death.
Nutrition management in acute pancreatitis: Clinical practice consideration; Acute pancreatitis (AP) is a common gastrointestinal disease and the leading cause of hospital admission and healthcare burden among gastrointestinal disorders in many countries. Patients can present with varying degrees of inflammation and disease severity, ranging from self-limiting mild AP to devastating and fatal severe AP. Many factors contribute to malnutrition in AP, especially abnormal metabolism and catabolism related to inflammation. The concept of "pancreatic rest" is not evidence-based. There is however, emerging evidence that supports the use of oral or enteral nutrition to improve nutrition status and to reduce local and systemic inflammation, complications, and death. In mild disease, patients are generally able to initiate solid oral diet and do not require specialized nutrition care such as enteral or parenteral nutrition. In contrast, nutrition interventions are imperative in moderately severe and severe AP. The current article aims to review the latest evidence and suggest practical nutrition interventions in patients with AP, including nutrition requirements, routes of nutrition treatment, types of formula, and the role of nutritional supplements, such as glutamine, probiotics, omega-3 fatty acids, and antioxidants.
Relationship between coronary flow reserve evaluated by phase-contrast cine cardiovascular magnetic resonance and serum eicosapentaenoic acid; Background: Long-term intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), especially eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is associated with a low risk for cardiovascular disease. Phase-contrast cine cardiovascular magnetic resonance (PC cine CMR) can assess coronary flow reserve (CFR). The present study investigates the relationship between CFR evaluated by PC cine CMR and the serum EPA.
The Influence of Diet and Probiotics on the Response of Solid Tumours to Immunotherapy: Present and Future Perspectives; Currently, various immunotherapeutic treatments are revolutionizing therapies that treat solid neoplasms. For these treatments, within immunotherapy, immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are the most widely used drugs. Diverse studies have shown the influence of diet and probiotics on the response to ICIs and consequently on the survival rates associated with different neoplasms. The use of various antibiotics, probiotics, and prebiotics has been associated with changes in the gut microbiota, and this, in turn, with resistance to immunotherapy. Together with the above, a lower intake of red meat and greater consumption of a Mediterranean, vegetarian, or vegan diet have led to a new way of understanding the mechanisms of resistance to ICIs. Omega-3 and polyphenol supplements are also powerful regulators of the microbiome whose influence on the immune system. Therefore, this review covers the influence of diet and probiotics on the response to immunotherapy in patients who have solid tumours.
Dietary fat reduction to reduce prostate cancer risk: Controlled enthusiasm, learning a lesson from breast or other cancers, and the big picture; Breast and prostate cancer share similar intrinsic and extrinsic risk factors. Based on laboratory, ecologic/international comparison, and case-control studies, the impact of dietary fat or other fat subtypes has been suggested as a potential route to reduce risk. Recent large-scale prospective studies have failed to find an association between fat and breast cancer risk. These studies may provide some insight for researchers examining the relation between fat and prostate cancer. Prospective studies to date have also failed to find a consistent association between prostate cancer and fat intake. Some fat subtypes (eg, saturated fat) or other lifestyle changes (eg, obesity, physical activity) may affect risk and progression of these cancers when examining the sum total of the research, but more precise and specific investigations in humans are needed to address these issues. Other concerns, such as the impact of excess energy or overall caloric consumption on carcinogenesis, still need to be addressed, as well as other methodologic limitations of past investigations. Large gaps exist in environmental (eg, diet, lifestyle) and heritable causes of these diseases. Regardless, until more extensive research is completed, lifestyle changes should be recommended based on reducing morbidity and mortality from cardiovascular disease-the number I cause of death in the United States. Additionally, cardiovascular disease remains the number I or 2 cause of death in patients diagnosed with breast or prostate cancer. Practical and simple dietary changes should be encouraged by health professionals because they could improve the overall longevity and quality of patients' lives. Numerous ongoing prospective studies of diet and cancer should provide researchers and the public with much-needed answers in this area. (C) 2002, Elsevier Science Inc.
New Insights into the Role of Ferroptosis in Cardiovascular Diseases; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the principal cause of disease burden and death worldwide. Ferroptosis is a new form of regulated cell death mainly characterized by altered iron metabolism, increased polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation by reactive oxygen species, depletion of glutathione and inactivation of glutathione peroxidase 4. Recently, a series of studies have indicated that ferroptosis is involved in the death of cardiac and vascular cells and has a key impact on the mechanisms leading to CVDs such as ischemic heart disease, ischemia/reperfusion injury, cardiomyopathies, and heart failure. In this article, we reviewed the molecular mechanism of ferroptosis and the current understanding of the pathophysiological role of ferroptosis in ischemic heart disease and in some cardiomyopathies. Moreover, the comprehension of the machinery governing ferroptosis in vascular cells and cardiomyocytes may provide new insights into preventive and therapeutic strategies in CVDs.
Association of blood polychlorinated biphenyls and cholesterol levels among Canadian Inuit; Background. It has generally been thought that Inuit populations have low risk of cardiovascular disease due to high consumption of omega-3 fatty acids found in traditional marine-based diets. However, results of recent surveys showed that Inuit populations are experiencing increasing rates of cardiovascular disease and related risk factors.
Antiplatelet properties of natural products; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and its main underlying cause, atherothrombosis, are the major culprits of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Apart from the treatment of cardiovascular risk factors and the use of antithrombotic agents there is considerable interest in the role of natural food products and their bioactive components in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disorders. The consumption of healthy diets rich in functional foods, such as the Mediterranean diet, has shown to exert profound cardioprotective effects in the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. Moreover, accumulating data have attributed these beneficial effects, at least in part, to the modulation of key players in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, including amelioration in the lipid profile and vascular function and a decrease in oxidative stress and inflammation. Although with a much less clear picture, natural dietary compounds have also demonstrated to exert antiplatelet activities, further contributing to reduce the thrombotic risk. This article provides a brief overview of the atherothrombotic process to further provide an up-to-date review of the antiplatelet properties exerted by natural products and/or food-derived bioactive constituents - including omega-3 PUFA, olive oil, garlic and onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, polyphenol-rich beverages, and flavonol-rich cocoa - as well as to describe the mechanisms underlying these antiplatelet activities. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hypercholesterolaemia alters the responses of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory markers to supplementation of the diet with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish oil; Background The influence of supplementing the diet with long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) from fish oil on plasma lipids and lipid peroxides and the production of pro-inflammatory mediators in normolipidaemic and hypercholesterolaemic rats were studied.
The Frequency and Amount of Fish Intake Are Correlated with the White Blood Cell Count and Aerobic Exercise Habit: A Cross-sectional Study; Objective We investigated the relationship between the amount and frequency of fish intake, and the white blood cell (WBC) count and aerobic exercise habits.
Tissue fatty acid composition in human urothelial carcinoma; Bladder cancer cells appear to have an altered lipid metabolism as evidenced by modulated lipoganic enzymes: The aim of this study is to investigate differences in tissue fat composition between malignant and adjacent normal urinary bladder tissue. Normal-appearing and malignant bladder tissues were collected from 31 patients with high-grade (Ta) urothelial carcinoma during transurethral-resection (TUR). The fatty acid composition in the tissue was determined by gas liquid chromatography. In the bladder cancer tissue, levels of stearic acid (18:0; P=0.01) and oleic acid (18:1n-9; P=0.03) were higher, and the level of arachidonic aid (20:4n-6; P<0.001) was lower than that in the normal-appearing bladder Overall, bladder tissue Showed a significant reduction in total n-6, Polyunsaturated fatty acid (-15.1%; P<0.001). The change in the fatty acid composition may be regarded as an indicator of altered lipid metabolism occurring in vivo during human bladder tumourigenesis
Food restriction and fish oil suppress atherogenic risk factors in lupus-prone (NZB x NZW) F<sub>1</sub> mice; Atherosclerosis-mediated coronary artery disease is a significant cause of mortality in lupus patients. Both an activated immune system and hyperlipidemia are implicated in the pathogenesis of the atherosclerotic lesions of lupus. In this study, the increases in anticardiolipin antibodies, total cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol with age were significantly lowered by fish oil and food restriction, either alone or in combination. Food restriction also significantly decreased the elevation in anti-dsDNA antibody production seen with age in ad libitum groups. Interestingly, effects of food restriction and fish oil on both lipid profile and autoantibody production were seen from a young age. Accumulation of leukocytes in the blood vessels and deposition of IgG in the glomerular mesangium also were suppressed by food restriction. Thus, beneficial effects of fish oil and food restriction on lupus nephritis and survival could be, at least in part, due to their selective effect on atherogenic risk factors.
Phytochemical Investigation and Quantitative Analysis of the Fatty Acids and Sterol Compounds of Seven Pharmaceutical valuable Seeds; Background: This study investigates fatty acids and sterol contents of some seeds used in Asian nutrition culture to prepare functional beverages, foods or fatty acids and sterols source. Objective: Current study presents an overview about some seeds as a valuable source for fatty acids and sterols extraction.
Dietary Fatty Acids and Inflammation: Focus on the n-6 Series; Among the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), those belonging to the n-3 (or omega 3) series, i.e., alpha-linolenic (ALA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA), and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids have been studied for decades from a pharma-nutritional viewpoint, namely in relation to cardiovascular health. More recent research is focusing on n-6 PUFAs, e.g., linoleic acid (LA), whose levels of consumption are much higher than those of n-3 and that cannot be used "pharmacologically". Perhaps because of this, the biological actions of n-6 PUFAs have not been investigated in details as those of their n-3 counterparts. However, an increasing body of evidence underscores their healthful actions on the cardiovascular system. Among the critiques to n-6 PUFAs and, particularly, LA there is the fact that they are precursors of pro-inflammatory eicosanoids. Hence, the hypothesis posits that we should reduce their intakes precisely to avoid increasing systemic, low-grade inflammation, i.e., one of the major etiological agents in degenerative diseases. In this narrative review, we address the issue of whether n-6 PUFAs are indeed pro-inflammatory, we discuss the most recent evidence of their role(s) in human health and prognosis, and we conclude that adequate intakes of n-6 fatty acids are associated with better cardiovascular health and child development.
EFFECT OF FLUIDITY OF MEMBRANE LIPIDS ON FREEZE-THAW SURVIVAL OF YEAST; One approach to studying the importance of membranes in freeze-thaw damage is to modify their composition and study the effect of this modification on survival after freeze-thaw damage. Fatty acid desaturase auxotrophs of yeast cells were enriched with 2 fatty acids having substantially different physical properties thus resulting in cells hose membranes had very different physical properties. The fatty acids were stearolic acid (mp [melting point] = +45.degree. C) and linolenic acid (mp = -10.degree. C). Electron-spin resonance studies showed that membranes containing the latter fatty acid were more fluid than those containing stearolic acid. The yeast were grown under either anaerobic or aerobic conditions. In the former case, the mitochondria appear as membraneous shells with little, if any, internal membrane structure; thus, the plasma and tonoplast membranes are the primary membranes. Yeast cells grown under these conditions survived freeze-thaw damage (-196.degree. C) significantly better when the fatty acid composition was mainly stearolic acid rather than linolenic acid. The absolute survival depended on the freezing rate, and the differences in survival became small at fast rates. With yeast cells grown under aerobic conditions, when functional mitochondria are formed, the pattern in freeze-thaw survival reversed; cells with .gamma.-linolenic acid in their membranes survived significantly better than cells containing stearolic acid.
Supplementation with a 9c, 11t-rich conjugated linoleic acid blend shows no clear inhibitory effects on platelet function in healthy subjects at low and moderate cardiovascular risk: A randomized controlled trial; Scope: The 9cis, 11trans-conjugated linoleic acid (9c, 11t-CLA) is reported to have anti-atherogenic properties in animal models and to modulate protein expression in unstimulated human platelets in vivo. Platelet function was therefore investigated after dietary supplementation with 9c, 11t-CLA enriched oil (CLA80:20) in a randomized, baseline-controlled cross-over trial.
CONSUMPTION OF FISH FATS AND ITS EFFECTS ON PLASMATIC LIPIDS; The low incidence of coronary disease in populations with a high intake of omega 3 (w-3) fatty acids has lead us to study the efects of fish fat consumption (that is fish rich in these fatty acids) on plasmatic lipids. For this purpose we have sellected a population with IIb and IV type hyperlipidemias. During tow months each patients received a diet rich in fatty acids w-3 (1 gr/day of eicosapentenoic as acid and docosahexaenoic acid). We determined cholesterol, triglicerides and lipoproteins.  Significant drops in the triglicerides and VLDL-cholesterol values were observed but no statistically significant variations were observed in the rest of the parameters. Hence we feel that the consumption of fish fats in normal diets is recomendable because of the beneficial efects on plasmatic lipids.
Changes induced by diet and nutritional intake in the lipid profile of female professional volleyball players after 11 weeks of training; Background: The relationship between cardiovascular disease and lipid profile is well known. Apart from a heart-healthy diet, exercise is the primary factor that can modify this lipid-associated cardiovascular risk. The aim of the study was to evaluate potential changes in the levels of triglycerides, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDLc), and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDLc), as well as atherogenic indices (TC/HDLc and LDLc/HDLc), and also to analyse the diet over 11 weeks of training in female professional volleyball players.
Psychological Trauma and Physical Health: A Psychoneuroimmunology Approach to Etiology of Negative Health Effects and Possible Interventions; People who have experienced traumatic events have higher rates than the general population of a wide range of serious and life-threatening illnesses including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, gastrointestinal disorders, and cancer. An important question, for both researchers and clinicians, is why this occurs. Researchers have discovered that traumatic events dysregulate the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and sympathetic nervous system. More recently, research from the field of psychoneuroimmunology (PNI) suggests that traumatic life events can lead to health problems through dysregulation of another key system: the inflammatory response. Prior trauma "primes" the inflammatory response system so that it reacts more rapidly to subsequent life stressors. Elevated inflammation has an etiologic role in many chronic illnesses. Recent PNI studies also suggest some interventions that can serve as adjuncts to traditional trauma treatment. These treatments include long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, exercise, and sleep interventions. Each of these interventions downregulates inflammation, which will likely halt the progression to chronic disease for some trauma survivors.
Inverse shift in serum polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids is associated with adverse dilatation of the heart; Background Cardiac dilatation is associated with impaired pump function, progression of heart failure and electrical instability. Risk of sudden death is associated with a low blood level of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
The composition of linoleic acid and conjugated linoleic acid has potent synergistic effects on the growth and death of RAW264.7 macrophages: The role in anti-inflammatory effects; Linoleic acid (LA) is an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid. Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a family of LA isomers that includes both a trans fatty acid and a cis fatty acid. Both fatty acids play a nutritional role in maintaining health. Inflammation is critical in the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cancer. This study found that the combination of LA and CLA (LA/CLA), each of which had no effect, had a strong anti-synergistic effect on inflammatory macrophage RAW264.7 cells in vitro. Cells were cultured in a DMEM containing fetal bovine serum with or without either LA, CLA, or a combination of LA/CLA. The composition of LA and CLA at a comparatively lower concentration synergistically suppressed cell growth, resulting in a reduction in cell number. The underlying mechanism of this effect was based on reduced levels of Ras, PI3K, Akt, MAPK, and mTOR and elevated levels of p21, p53, and Rb, which are associated with cell growth. In addition, the combination of LA and CLA at a lower concentration stimulated potential cell death associated with increased caspase3 and cleaved caspase-3 levels. Notably, this composition synergistically suppressed the production of TNF-alpha, IL6, and PGE2, which are a major mediator of inflammation, with lipopolysaccharide stimulation in RAW264.7 cells This effect was associated with decreased levels of COX-1, COX-2, and NF-kappa B p65. This study may provide a useful tool for treating inflammatory conditions with the composition of LA and CLA.
Effects of canola and corn oil mimetic on Jurkat cells; Background: The Western diet is high in omega-6 fatty acids and low in omega-3 fatty acids. Canola oil contains a healthier omega 3 to omega 6 ratio than corn oil. Jurkat T leukemia cells were treated with free fatty acids mixtures in ratios mimicking that found in commercially available canola oil (7% alpha-linolenic, 30% linoleic, 54% oleic) or corn oil (59% linoleic, 24% oleic) to determine the cell survival or cell death and changes in expression levels of inflammatory cytokines and receptors following oil treatment.
Mediterranean dietary pattern in a randomized trial -: <i>Prolonged survival and possible reduced cancer rate</i>; Background: The Mediterranean dietary pattern is thought to reduce the risk of cancer in addition to being cardioprotective. However, no trial has been conducted so far to prove this belief.
Imbalance of fatty acids in the base of the Baltic Sea food web -: a mesocosm study; A reproductive disturbance in Baltic Sea Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar), the M74 syndrome, has been reported since early 1970s and has occasionally caused up to 90% mortality for newborn fry. Previous research has revealed that the M74 syndrome may be due to reduced levels of the vitamin thiamin, the carotenoid astaxanthin, and elevated ratios of omega 3/omega 6 fatty acids in salmon eggs. Using mesocosm experiments, we compared the quantity (mu g center dot L-1) and quality (mg center dot g(-1) C) of fatty acids in microalgae and copepods in the southern Baltic Sea where the M74 syndrome is common with those in a habitat in the Norwegian Sea where the syndrome has not been observed. Daily additions were made of the nutrients N and P or N, P, and Si, copepods were added after 6-7 days, and nutrient additions were stopped after 9-10 days. Flagellates dominated completely in the Baltic Sea, whereas higher phytoplankton diversity was found in the Norwegian Sea. We found elevated omega 3/omega 6 ratios in phytoplankton and abnormally high docosahexaenoic acid/arachidonic acid ratios (22:6 omega 3/20:4 omega 6) in copepods in the Baltic Sea mesocosms compared with those in the Norwegian Sea. Our results suggest that imbalance in fatty acid composition may prevail in the basic food web of the Baltic Sea.
n-6 fatty acid biomarkers and incident atrial fibrillation: an individual participant-level pooled analysis of 11 international prospective studies; Background: The presence of atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with an over 2-fold increased risk of stroke, heart failure, and cardiovascular mortality. Long chain n-6 PUFAs have been suggested to have a variety of beneficial biologic effects that may reduce AF development; however, prior studies evaluating this relationship are limited.Objectives: We prospectively evaluated the association between circulating levels of linoleic acid (LA) and arachidonic acid (AA) with incident AF.Methods: We used participant-level data from a global consortium of 11 prospective cohort studies with measurements of LA and AA in adults (aged >= 18 y). Participating studies conducted de novo analyses using a prespecified analytical plan with harmonized definitions for exposures, outcomes, covariates, and subgroups. Associations were pooled using inverse-variance weighted meta-analysis.Results: Among 41,335 participants, 6173 incident cases of AF were ascertained, with median follow-up time of 14 y. In multivariable analysis, per interquintile range (difference between the 10th and 90th percentiles for each fatty acid), circulating n-6 levels were not associated with incident AF. For LA, the hazard ratio per interquintile range was 0.96 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.89, 1.04), and for AA, 1.02 (95% CI: 0.94, 1.10), with little evidence of heterogeneity between cohorts. Associations were similarly nonsignificant across subgroups of age, race, and biomarker fraction.Conclusions: Biomarkers of n-6 fatty acids including LA and AA are not associated with incident AF. These findings suggest that overall effects of n-6 PUFAs on influencing AF development are neutral.
Regulation of ferroptosis by bioactive phytochemicals: Implications for medical nutritional therapy; Ferroptosis is an iron- and lipotoxicity-dependent regulated cell death that has been implicated in various diseases, such as cancer, neurodegeneration and stroke. The biosynthesis of phospholipids, coenzyme Q(10), and glutathione, and the metabolism of iron, amino acids and polyunsaturated fatty acid, are tightly associated with cellular sensitivity to ferroptosis. Up to now, only limited drugs targeting ferroptosis have been documented and exploring novel effective ferroptosis-modulating compound is needed. Natural bioactive products are conventional resources for drug discovery, and some of them have been clinically used against cancers and neurode-generative diseases as dietary supplements or pharmaceutic agents. Notably, increasing evidence demonstrates that natural compounds, such as saponins, flavonoids and isothiocyanates, can either induce or inhibit ferroptosis, further expanding their therapeutic potentials. In this review, we highlight current advances of the emerging molecular mechanisms and disease relevance of ferroptosis. We also systematically summarize the regulatory effects of natural phytochemicals on ferroptosis, and clearly indicate that saponins, terpenoids and alkaloids induce ROS- and ferritinophagy-dependent ferroptosis, whereas flavonoids and polyphenols modulate iron metabolism and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (NRF2) signaling to inhibit ferroptosis. Finally, we explore their clinical applications in ferroptosis-related diseases, which may facilitate the development of their dietary usages as nutraceuticals.
Ferroptotic mechanisms and therapeutic targeting of iron metabolism and lipid peroxidation in the kidney; Ferroptosis is a mechanism of regulated necrotic cell death characterized by iron-dependent, lipid peroxidation-driven membrane destruction that can be inhibited by glutathione peroxidase 4. Morphologically, it is characterized by cellular, organelle and cytoplasmic swelling and the loss of plasma membrane integrity, with the release of intracellular components. Ferroptosis is triggered in cells with dysregulated iron and thiol redox metabolism, whereby the initial robust but selective accumulation of hydroperoxy polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing phospholipids is further propagated through enzymatic and non-enzymatic secondary mechanisms, leading to formation of oxidatively truncated electrophilic species and their adducts with proteins. Thus, ferroptosis is dependent on the convergence of iron, thiol and lipid metabolic pathways. The kidney is particularly susceptible to redox imbalance. A growing body of evidence has linked ferroptosis to acute kidney injury in the context of diverse stimuli, such as ischaemia-reperfusion, sepsis or toxins, and to chronic kidney disease, suggesting that ferroptosis may represent a novel therapeutic target for kidney disease. However, further work is needed to address gaps in our understanding of the triggers, execution and spreading mechanisms of ferroptosis.
Critical review of non-statin treatments for dyslipoproteinemia; Statins are the cornerstone of lipid-modifying therapy for dyslipidemias and reducing cardiovascular events. Recent US guidelines have shifted away from the concept of cholesterol targets and are encouraging moderate-to-high statin intensity. However, residual risk and statin intolerance remains a significant challenge. Therapies beyond the statins, for combination or monotherapy, include fibrates, ezetimibe, bile acid sequestrants, n-3 fatty acids and niacin. Both the antisense oligonucleotide, mipomersen, and the microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitor, lomitapide, have been approved by the US FDA for use in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. The first gene replacement therapy for lipoprotein lipase deficiency has also been approved. The cardiovascular benefit of treating elevated lipoprotein(a) in cardiovascular disease risk prevention remains unproven.
Dietary fatty acids and the haemostatic system; Studies of the effects of dietary fatty acids on the haemostatic system, and their potential relevance for the thrombotic component of coronary heart disease (CHD), have a pedigree as long as those linking dietary fat, plasma lipoprotein metabolism and atheroma. Achievements have not been as impressive, however, partly owing to the relatively slow evolution of our understanding of the complicated physiology, biochemistry and pathology of haemostasis and fibrinolysis, which remains incomplete. Progress was also retarded up to 1980 by a general reluctance to acknowledge the pathogenic importance of thrombosis for myocardial infarction. Interest in dietary fat and the haemostatic mechanism reemerged with reports of associations of haemostatic variables with plasma triacylglycerol levels and risk of CHD. This review summarises the history, focuses on evidence for dietary C18-unsaturated fatty acids as important determinants of factor VII (FVII) activation and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) levels, and discusses possible underlying mechanisms involving ATP binding cassette (ABC) transporters and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors. The potential relevance of these effects for CHD is discussed. In the presence of unstable atheromatous plaques, increased levels of activated FVII and PAI-1 induced by diets rich in mixtures of saturated and unsaturated fats may raise the risk of occlusive thrombosis in the event of plaque rupture. (c) 2004 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Mussel mass mortality in the Clinch River, USA: metabolomics detects affected pathways and biomarkers of stress; We compared metabolomic profiles of pheasantshell (Ortmanniana pectorosa) from a reoccurring mass mortality event in the Clinch River, Virginia and Tennessee, USA, and identified potential biomarkers and metabolic pathways indicative of health status.
Large-scale randomized clinical trials of bioactives and nutrients in relation to human health and disease prevention - Lessons from the VITAL and COSMOS trials; Several bioactive compounds and nutrients in foods have physiological properties that are beneficial for human health. While nutrients typically have clear definitions with established levels of recommended intakes, bioactive compounds often lack such a definition. Although a food-based approach is often the optimal approach to ensure adequate intake of bioactives and nutrients, these components are also often produced as dietary supplements. However, many of these supplements are not sufficiently studied and have an unclear role in chronic disease prevention. Randomized trials are considered the gold standard of study designs, but have not been fully applied to understand the effects of bioactives and nutrients. We review the specific role of large-scale trials to test whether bioactives and nutrients have an effect on health outcomes through several crucial components of trial design, including selection of intervention, recruitment, compliance, outcome selection, and interpretation and generalizability of study findings. We will discuss these components in the context of two randomized clinical trials, the VITamin D and OmegA-3 TriaL (VITAL) and the COcoa Supplement and Multivitamin Outcomes Study (COSMOS). We will mainly focus on dietary supplements of bioactives and nutrients while also emphasizing the need for translation and integration with food-based trials that are of vital importance within nutritional research. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Targeting dyslipidemia with antioxidative vitamins C, D, and E; a systematic review of meta-analysis studies Dyslipidemia and antioxidative vitamins; Background There is controversial evidence for the beneficial effects of antioxidative vitamins (vits) on dyslipidemia. In this regard, we aimed to systematically review all meta-analyses of trials on this topic. Methods We comprehensively searched PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Cochrane Library databases until January 2021 to explore the published English meta-analyses of trials conducted to assess the effects of single or combined vits C, D and E consumption on lipid profile. The meta-analyses of observational, in vivo/in vitro, or case-report studies were excluded. Search results were reported based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) flowchart. Results Overall, 25 meta-analyses including 32,177 individuals with different underlying disorders met our inclusion criteria. Numerous studies had assessed supplementation with Vit-D or its combination with other agents on lipid profile. Consumption of 400 IU/day (d) to 50,000 IU/week (w) Vit-D for at least eight weeks improved the levels of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and triglycerides (TG) in type 2 diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients. This treatment reduced the levels of TC and TG in patients with chronic kidney disease. A significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels was only observed in coronary artery disease patients. Sole intake of 500-2000 mg/d Vit-C for at least 3 weeks improved LDL-C and TG values in hypercholesterolemic patients. Nevertheless, sole intake of Vit-E had controversial effects on lipid profile. The combination of 400-1800 IU/d omega-3 free fatty acid (FFA) and 400 IU/d Vit-E significantly reduced the levels of LDL-C and TG in overweight individuals, without any significant effect on other components. A significant improvement of TG values was observed after consumption of 1000-2000 mg/d omega-3 FFA plus 400 IU/d Vit-E along with 50,000 IU/each 2w Vit-D for at least 6 weeks in diabetic patients. Conclusion The beneficial effects of antioxidative vitamins (C, D, E) or their combination with other agents on lipid profile varied based on their dosage, intake duration, and the health status of the individuals.
Cancer Cachexia: Traditional Therapies and Novel Molecular Mechanism-Based Approaches to Treatment; The complex syndrome of cancer cachexia (CC) that occurs in 50% to 80% cancer patients has been identified as an independent predictor of shorter survival and increased risk of treatment failure and toxicity, contributing to the mortality and morbidity in this population. CC is a pathological state including a symptom cluster of loss of muscle (skeletal and visceral) and fat, manifested in the cardinal feature of emaciation, weakness affecting functional status, impaired immune system, and metabolic dysfunction. The most prominent feature of CC is its non-responsiveness to traditional treatment approaches; randomized clinical trials with appetite stimulants, 5-HT3 antagonists, nutrient supplementation, and Cox-2 inhibitors all have failed to demonstrate success in reversing the metabolic abnormalities seen in CC. Interventions based on a clear understanding of the mechanism of CC, using validated markers relevant to the underlying metabolic abnormalities implicated in CC are much needed. Although the etiopathogenesis of CC is poorly understood, studies have proposed that NFkB is upregulated in CC, modulating immune and inflammatory responses induce the cellular breakdown of muscle, resulting in sarcopenia. Several recent laboratory studies have shown that n-3 fatty acid may attenuate protein degradation, potentially by preventing NFkB accumulation in the nucleus, preventing the degradation of muscle proteins. However, clinical trials to date have produced mixed results potentially attributed to timing of interventions (end stage) and utilizing outcome markers such as weight which is confounded by hydration, cytotoxic therapies, and serum cytokines. We propose that selective targeting of proteasome activity with a standardized dose of omega-3-acid ethyl esters, administered to cancer patients diagnosed with early stage CC, in addition to a standard intervention with nutritionally adequate diet and appetite stimulants, will alter metabolic abnormalities by downregulating NFkB, preventing the breakdown of myofibrillar proteins and resulting in increasing serum protein markers, lean body mass, and functional status.
Novel LDL-oriented pharmacotherapeutical strategies; Elevated levels of low-density cholesterol (LDL-C) are highly correlated with increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Thus, current guidelines have recommended progressively lower LDL-C for cholesterol treatment and CVD prevention as the primary goal of therapy. Even so, some patients in the high risk category fail to achieve recommended LDL-C targets with currently available medications. Thereby, additional pharmaceutical strategies are urgently required. In the review, we aim to provide an overview of both current and emerging LDL-C lowering drugs. As for current available LDL-C lowering agents, attentions are mainly focused on statins, niacin, bile acid sequestrants, ezetimibe, fibrates and omega-3 fatty acids. On the other hand, the emerging drugs differ from mechanisms are including: intervention of cholesterol biosynthesis downstream enzyme (squalene synthase inhibitors), inhibition of lipoprotein assembly (antisense mRNA inhibitors of apolipoprotein B and microsomal transfer protein inhibitors), enhanced lipoprotein clearance (proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9, thyroid hormone analogues), inhibition of intestinal cholesterol absorption (Niemann-Pick C1-like 1 protein and acyl coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitors) and interrupting enterohepatic circulation (apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter inhibitors). Several ongoing agents are in their different stages of clinical trials, in expectation of promising antihyperlipidemic drugs. Therefore, alternative drugs monotherapy or in combination with statins will be sufficient to reduce LDL-C concentrations to optimal levels, and a new era for better LDL-C managements is plausible. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolomic Pattern Predicts Incident Coronary Heart Disease Findings From the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study; Objective- Alterations in the serum metabolome may be detectable in at-risk individuals before the onset of coronary heart disease (CHD). Identifying metabolomic signatures associated with CHD may provide insight into disease pathophysiology and prevention. Approach and Results- Metabolomic profiling (chromatography-mass spectrometry) was performed in 2232 African Americans and 1366 European Americans from the ARIC study (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities). We applied Cox regression with least absolute shrinkage and selection operator to select metabolites associated with incident CHD. A metabolite risk score was constructed to evaluate whether the metabolite risk score predicted CHD risk beyond traditional risk factors. After 30 years of follow-up, we observed 633 incident CHD cases. Thirty-two metabolites were selected by least absolute shrinkage and selection operator to be associated with CHD, and 19 of the 32 showed significant individual associations with CHD, including a sugar substitute, erythritol. Theophylline (hazard ratio [95% CI] =1.16 [1.09-1.25]) and gamma-linolenic acid (hazard ratio [95% CI] =0.89 [0.81-0.97]) showed the greatest positive and negative associations with CHD, respectively. A 1 SD greater standardized metabolite risk score was associated with a 1.37-fold higher risk of CHD (hazard ratio [95% CI] =1.37 [1.27-1.47]). Adding the metabolite risk score to the traditional risk factors significantly improved model predictive performance (30-year risk prediction: Delta C statistics [95% CI] =0.016 [0.008-0.024], continuous net reclassification index [95% CI] =0.522 [0.480-0.556], integrated discrimination index [95% CI] =0.038 [0.019-0.065]). Conclusions- We identified 19 metabolites from known and novel metabolic pathways that collectively improved CHD risk prediction.
Physical activity and metabolic syndrome severity among older adults at cardiovascular risk: 1-Year trends; Background and aims: Modifiable lifestyle factors, such as physical activity (PA) and Mediterranean diet (MD), decrease metabolic syndrome (MetS). The aim was to assess 1-year changes of leisure-time physical activity (LTPA), sedentary behavior, and diet quality according to MetS severity in older population at high cardiovascular risk. Methods and results: Prospective analysis of 55-75-year-old 4359 overweight/obese participants with MetS (PREDIMED-Plus trial) categorized in tertiles according to 1-year changes of a validated MetS severity score (MetSSS). Anthropometrics, visceral adiposity index, triglycerides and glucose index, dietary nutrient intake, biochemical marker levels, dietary inflammatory index, and depression symptoms were measured. Diet quality was assessed by 17-item MD questionnaire. PAs were self-reported using the Minnesota-REGICOR Short Physical Activity Questionnaire and 30-s chair stand test. Sedentary behaviors were measured using the Spanish version of the Nurses' Health Study questionnaire. After 1-year follow-up, decreasing MetSSS was associated with an anti-inflammatory dietary pattern, high intake of vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grain cereals, white fish, and bluefish and low intake of refined cereals, red and processed meat, cookies/sweets, and snacks/ready-to-eat-meals. It resulted in high intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, omega-3 fatty acids, protein, fiber, vitamins B1, B6, B9, C, D, potassium, magnesium, and phosphorus and low glycemic index and saturated fatty acid, trans fatty acid, and carbohydrates intake. Regarding PA and sedentary behavior, decreasing MetSSS was associated with increased moderate-to-vigorous LTPA, chair stand test, and decreased sedentary and TV-viewing time. Conclusion: Decreasing MetSSS was associated with an anti-inflammatory dietary pattern, high LTPA, high MD adherence, low sedentary time, and low depression risk. 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Doxorubicin affects testicular lipids with long-chain (C<sub>18</sub>-C<sub>22</sub>) and very long-chain (C<sub>24</sub>-C<sub>32</sub>) polyunsaturated fatty acids; Doxorubicin disrupts spermatogenesis by causing apoptosis of spermatogonia and primary spermatocytes. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of this agent on adult rat testicular lipids and their fatty acids. A single dose (7.5 mg/kg) and a multidose regime (3 mg/kg once a week for 4 weeks) were evaluated. Both treatments resulted in the gradual loss of spermatogenic cells and determined a marked reduction in testicular size and weight 9 weeks after their start. Germ cell loss was accompanied by a decrease in phospholipids, including glycerophospholipids and sphingomyelin. Concomitantly, glycerophospholipids lost selectively their major polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), 22:5n-6, and sphingomyelin lost its major very long-chain PUFA (VLCPUFA), 28:4n-6 and 30:5n-6. The molecular species from which the lost polyenes originated were thus a trait of germ cells. A transient peak of 16:0-ceramide was observed 48 h after the single dose. In both doxorubicin regimes, sphingomyelin and ceramide with reduced amounts of VLCPUFA after about 4 weeks and with no VLCPUFA after 9 weeks resulted. By contrast, triglycerides and especially cholesterol esters (CE) tended to accumulate in the testes undergoing germ cell death, probably in the surviving Sertoli cells, their fatty acid patterns suggesting that initially, these lipids retained part of the PUFA coming from, or no longer used for, the synthesis of,germ cell glycerophospholipids. As the latter decreased, CE accumulated massively 9 weeks after starting doxorubicin treatment, 20:4n-6 becoming their major PUFA. Part of these CEs may derive from surviving steroidogenic cells.
Long-term effects of EPA and DHA enriched diets on digestive enzyme activity, aerobic scope, growth and survival in age-0 Lake Sturgeon (<i>Acipenser fulvescens</i>); Nutritional condition during early life could have long lasting effects on metabolism, growth trajectory and ultimately ecological fitness. We examined effects of Artemia nauplii enriched with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; C20:5n3) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; C22:6n3) on fatty acid profile, digestive enzyme activity, energy density, aerobic scope, growth and survival in age-0 Lake Sturgeon (Acipenser fulvescens). Four diets were used in the study: 1) control (absence of EPA and DHA): freshly hatched Artemia nauplii, 2) low DHA: Artemia enriched with Chlorella vulgaris, 3) high DHA: Artemia enriched with Red AlgaMac and 4) time-control: Artemia left for the time to match growth that would occur during the enrichment. At 20 days post hatch (dph), fish were fed one of four diets three times a day ad libitum for 29 days after which all fish were fed the same diet of bloodworm twice a day ad libitum until the end of the experiment, which included a simulated overwintering event for 45 days at 3 degrees C. Fish were sampled after 24 days of feeding the aforementioned diets, as well as before and after the simulated overwintering event at 145 and 190 dph, respectively. Fish fed the high DHA diet did not change the measured parameters compared to fish fed the control diet after 24 days of feeding; however, before overwintering fish fed high DHA showed higher lipase activity (p = 0.01) compared to the control group and significantly increased body mass when temperature decreased (p < 0.05). Further, fish fed the high DHA diet showed a substantially lower mortality than fish fed the control diet following the diet transition from Artemia to bloodworm (44%; p < 0.05). Our results suggest the importance of EPA and DHA during early life on growth and survival, which could be used to improve post-release survival rates in conservation aquaculture of Lake Sturgeon, a species at risk or endangered across its natural range.
Icosabutate for the treatment of very high triglycerides: A placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind, 12-week clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Icosabutate is a structurally enhanced omega-3 fatty acid molecule developed with the aim of achieving improved triglyceride (TG)-lowering efficacy, increased potency, and preserved safety compared with conventional prescription omega-3 fatty acid.
Add-on Antiplatelet Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid With Tailored Dose Setting in Patients on Dual Antiplatelet Therapy; The aim of this study was to investigate the antiplatelet effects of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) at a sufficient dose following coronary stent implantation. Thirty-one patients on dual antiplatelet therapy with aspirin and clopidogrel were treated with highly purified EPA-E (Epadel (R)) for 12 weeks. Based on our previous study, patients with a high baseline EPA/arachidonic acid (AA) ratio (>= 0.37; n = 11) were given a standard dose (1800 mg daily) of EPA-E, whereas those with a low EPA/AA ratio (< 0.37; n = 20) were given a high dose (2700 mg daily) to reach the target value of > 0.92. Platelet function was then evaluated with agonist-induced aggregation using light transmittance aggregometry and VerifyNow (R). After EPA-E treatment, the EPA/AA ratio significantly increased from 0.28 to 1.31 (P < 0.001). Collagen (1, 2, and 4 mu g/mL)-induced maximal platelet aggregation (MPA) was significantly suppressed after EPA-E administration (from 28.0 to 24.0, P = 0.033; from 44.0 to 40.0, P = 0.016; from 60.0 to 56.0, P = 0.010; respectively). However, there were no changes in MPA induced by adenosine diphosphate and AA and in P2Y12 reaction units (PRU) and aspirin reaction units. After EPA-E treatment, PRU was significantly suppressed in 8 patients showing high on-treatment platelet reactivity (HTPR) (baseline 305; 266-321 versus on-treatment 256; 233-261, P = 0.012), but not in those without HTPR (201; 156-220 versus 183; 159-233, P = 0.212). In conclusion, EPA treatment at a sufficient dose suppressed platelet aggregation and showed possible add-on effects in patients with clopidogrel hyporesponsiveness.
The effect of a high-egg diet on cardiovascular risk factors in people with type 2 diabetes: the Diabetes and Egg (DIABEGG) study-a 3-mo randomized controlled trial; Background: Previously published research that examined the effects of high egg consumption in people with type 2 diabetes (T2D) produced conflicting results leading to recommendations to limit egg intake. However, people with T2D may benefit from egg consumption because eggs are a nutritious and convenient way of improving protein and micronutrient contents of the diet, which have importance for satiety and weight management.
Protective effect of eicosapentaenoic acid on palmitate-induced apoptosis in neonatal cardiomyocytes; Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play an important role in cardioprotection. These effects have been largely attributed to membrane docosahexaenoic acid. Conversely, saturated fatty acids trigger apoptosis in cardiomyocytes, with modifications of mitochondrial properties including cardiolipin loss, cytochrome c release and caspase-3 activation. The purpose of this study was to investigate the chronic effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on mitochondrial apoptosis induced by palmitate treatment and the associated signalling pathways. Confluent cultures of rat neonatal cardiomyocytes were treated for 2 days in media enriched with either EPA or arachidonic acid (AA) and then exposed to palmitate (0.5 mM) to induce apoptosis, in the absence of PUFA supplements. The EPA treatment resulted in significant membrane enrichment in n-3 PUFAs, especially in docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and a large decrease in AA. Both AA and EPA treatments prevented caspase-3 activation, translocation of Bax to the mitochondria and release of cytochrome c induced by palmitate treatment. Furthermore, EPA, but not AA prevented the loss' of mitochondrial cardiolipin due to apoptosis. These results suggest that EPA supplementation is able to protect cardiomyocytes against palmitate-induced apoptosis via an implication of different mitochondrial elements, possibly through its elongation to DPA, which is very efficient in cardiomyocytes. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Diets Enriched in Fish-Oil or Seal-Oil have Distinct Effects on Lipid Levels and Peroxidation in BioF<sub>1</sub>B Hamsters; Aim: Fish-oil omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are mostly esterified to the sn-2 position of triglycerides, while in seal-oil triglycerides, these are mostly esterified to the sn-1 and -3 positions. We investigated whether fish-oil and seal-oil feeding has a different effect on the regulation of lipid metabolism and oxidative stress in BioF(1)B hamsters.
Linoleic acid participates in the response to ischemic brain injury through oxidized metabolites that regulate neurotransmission; Linoleic acid (LA; 18: 2 n-6), the most abundant polyunsaturated fatty acid in the US diet, is a precursor to oxidized metabolites that have unknown roles in the brain. Here, we show that oxidized LAderived metabolites accumulate in several rat brain regions during CO2-induced ischemia and that LAderived 13-hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid, but not LA, increase somatic paired-pulse facilitation in rat hippocampus by 80%, suggesting bioactivity. This study provides new evidence that LA participates in the response to ischemia-induced brain injury through oxidized metabolites that regulate neurotransmission. Targeting this pathway may be therapeutically relevant for ischemia-related conditions such as stroke.
Possibility of averting cytokine storm in SARS-COV 2 patients using specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators; Fatal "cytokine storms (CS)" observed in critically ill COVID-19 patients are consequences of dysregulated host immune system and over-exuberant inflammatory response. Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), multi-system organ failure, and eventual death are distinctive symptoms, attributed to higher morbidity and mortality rates among these patients. Consequent efforts to save critical COVID-19 patients via the usage of several novel therapeutic options are put in force. Strategically, drugs being used in such patients are dexamethasone, remdesivir, hydroxychloroquine, etc. along with the approved vaccines. Moreover, it is certain that activation of the resolution process is important for the prevention of chronic diseases. Until recently Inflammation resolution was considered a passive process, rather it's an active biochemical process that can be achieved by the use of specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs). These endogenous mediators are an array of atypical lipid metab-olites that include Resolvins, lipoxins, maresins, protectins, considered as immunoresolvents, but their role in COVID-19 is ambiguous. Recent evidence from studies such as the randomized clinical trial, in which omega 3 fatty acid was used as supplement to resolve inflammation in COVID-19, suggests that direct supplementation of SPMs or the use of synthetic SPM mimetics (which are still being explored) could enhance the process of reso-lution by regulating the aberrant inflammatory process and can be useful in pain relief and tissue remodeling. Here we discussed the biosynthesis of SPMs, & their mechanistic pathways contributing to inflammation reso-lution along with sequence of events leading to CS in COVID-19, with a focus on therapeutic potential of SPMs.
Knockdown of death receptor 5 antisense long noncoding RNA and cisplatin treatment modulate similar macromolecular and metabolic changes in HeLa cells; Background/aim: Despite great progress in complex gene regulatory mechanisms in the dynamic tumor microenvironment, the potential contribution of long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) to cancer cell metabolism is poorly understood. Death receptor 5 antisense (DR5-AS) is a cisplatin inducible lncRNA whose knockdown modulates cell morphology. However, its effect on cell metabolism is unknown. The aim of this study is to examine metabolic changes modulated by cisplatin and DR5-AS lncRNA in HeLa cells.Materials and methods: We used cisplatin as a universal cancer therapeutic drug to modulate metabolic changes in HeLa cervix cancer cells. We then examined the extent of metabolic changes by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR). We also performed transcriptomics analyses by generating new RNA-seq data with total RNAs isolated from cisplatin-treated HeLa cells. Then, we compared cisplatin-mediated transcriptomics and macromolecular changes with those mediated by DR5-AS knockdown.Results: Cisplatin treatment caused changes in the unsaturated fatty acid and lipid-to-protein ratios and the glycogen content. These observations in altered cellular metabolism were supported by transcriptomics analyses. FTIR spectroscopy analyses have revealed that DR5-AS knockdown causes a 20.9% elevation in the lipid/protein ratio and a 76.6% decrease in lipid peroxidation. Furthermore, we detected a 3.42% increase in the chain length of the aliphatic lipids, a higher content of RNA, and a lower amount of glycogen indicating relatively lower metabolic activity in the DR5-AS knockdown HeLa cells. Interestingly, we observed a similar gene expression pattern under cisplatin treatment and DR5-AS knockdown HeLa cells. Conclusion: These results suggest that DR5-AS lncRNA appears to account for a fraction of cisplatin-mediated macromolecular and metabolic changes in HeLa cervix cancer cells.
Nutrition and health during mid-life: searching for solutions and meeting challenges for the aging population; Interactions between genetic (genome) and environmental factors (epigenome) operate during a person's entire lifespan. The aging process is associated with several cellular and organic functional alterations that, at the end, cause multi-organic cell failure. Epigenetic mechanisms of aging are modifiable by appropriate preventive actions mediated by sirtuins, caloric input, diet components, adipose tissue-related inflammatory reactions, and physical activity. The Mediterranean lifestyle has been for many millennia a daily habit for people in Western civilizations living around the Mediterranean sea who worked intensively and survived with very few seasonal foods. A high adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet is associated with low mortality (higher longevity) and reduced risk of developing chronic diseases, including cancer, the metabolic syndrome, depression and cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases. Reports indicate that some dietary components, such as olive oil, antioxidants, omega-3 and -6 polyunsaturated acids, polyphenols and flavonoids, mediate beneficial anti-aging effects (anti-chronic diseases and increased longevity). Equally, physical activity displays a positive effect, producing caloric consumption and regulation of adipose and pancreatic function. The predictive strength of some food patterns may be a way of developing recommendations for food and health policies. This paper will discuss several ways of improving health during mid-life, focusing on certain groups of functional foods and healthy habits which may reduce or prevent age-related chronic diseases.
ACYLATION OF LYSO-PLATELET-ACTIVATING-FACTOR BY SPLENOCYTES OF THE RAINBOW-TROUT, ONCORHYNCUS-MYKISS; In mammalian systems, platelet-activating factor, 1-O-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine, (PAF) is rapidly inactivated by a deacetylation/reacylation system that produces 1-0-alkyl-2-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine which is highly enriched in arachidonic acid. There is some evidence that n-3 fatty acids may have an impact on this system in humans but the nature of this impact is unclear. In rainbow trout, n-3 f atty acids are known to be essential dietary components which are derived through the food chain. Substantial quantities of n-3 fatty acids are found in trout membrane phospholipids. We show here that in sharp contrast to mammalian cells, trout cells acylate lyso platelet-activating factor, alkyl-GPC, 1-O-alkyl-2-lyso-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine, (lysoPAF) with a high degree of specificity for n-3 fatty acids. When [H-3]lysoPAF was incubated with these cells, only three molecular species of alkylacylglycerophosphocholine were produced, and 92% contained n-3 fatty acids. Since isolated membranes yielded similar results, it appears that the acylation proceeds via a coenzyme A-independent transacylase as found in mammalian systems.
Occurrence and patterns of nutritional traits and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in sea cucumber (Holothuria polii) tissues: benefits and risk for human health; Objectives The paper evaluates the benefit and risk for human health associated with consumption of sea cucumber Holothuria polii (H. polii) from Italian coasts (Central Mediterranean Sea). Materials and Methods Body wall (BW), internal tunic (ITu), muscle bands (MBs), alimentary canal (AC), gonad (Gd), and respiratory tree (RT) of H. polii were analyzed for proximate composition. Moreover, amino acids (AAs), fatty acids (FAs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were determined with high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy (UPLC UV/Vis), gas chromatography-flame ionization detector (GC-FID) and gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC-MS), respectively. Results Differences in the contents of total amino acids (TAAs) occurred based on tissue and sex, with AC and MB of female and Gd of male showing higher contents (range 47.8-60.2 g/kg we weight (ww)). Glycine and glutamic acid were the most abundant. Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) was the major class of FAs and arachidonic acid and eicosapentenoic acid (EPA) were the predominant PUFA. n-3 PUFA showed higher content in Gd, AC, and RT, indicating higher quality. A favorable n-3/n-6 in the range of 1.04-1.67 was observed. PAHs showed values ranging from 23 to 207 mu g/kg ww with the highest levels in Gd and AC tissues and the lower in BW. Benzo[a]pyrene, the most toxic compound, was detected in all tissues, of both sexes, at levels of 1.5-18 mu g/kg ww. Conclusion All tissues of H. polii, although with differences among them, are valuable food and can contribute for a healthy diet. Excess cancer risk (CR) values for Gd and AC tissues were above the considerable CR threshold of one in 10 000 established by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) for high ingestion rate of this seafood.
DHA inhibits ER Ca2+release and ER stress in astrocytes following in vitro ischemia; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has neuroprotective effects in several neurodegenerative disease conditions. However, the underlying mechanisms are not well understood. In the present study, we investigated the effects of DHA on astrocyte Ca2+ signaling under in vitro ischemic conditions (oxygen/glucose deprivation and reoxygenation, OGD/REOX). OGD (2 h) triggered a Ca2+ER store overload (similar to 1.9-fold). Ca2+ uptake by the Ca2+ER stores was further augmented during REOX and Ca2+ER was elevated by similar to 4.7-fold at 90 min REOX. Interestingly, Ca2+ER stores abruptly released Ca2+ at similar to 120 min REOX and emptied at 160 min REOX. Depletion of Ca2+ER stores led to delayed elevation of intracellular Ca2+ concentration (Ca2+cyt) and cell death. Activation of the purinergic receptor P2Y1 was responsible for the release of Ca2+ER. Most importantly, DHA blocked the initial Ca2+ER store overload, the delayed depletion of Ca2+ER, and rise in Ca2+cyt, which was in part via inhibiting d-myo-inositol 1,4,5-triphosphate receptors. The DHA metabolite DiHDoHE exhibited similar effects. DHA also attenuated expression of phosphorylated eukaryotic initiation factor 2a and activating transcription factor-4, two ER stress markers, following in vitro ischemia. Taken together, these findings suggest that DHA has protective effects in astrocytes following in vitro ischemia, in part, by inhibiting Ca2+ dysregulation and ER stress.
Transferrin Receptor Is a Specific Ferroptosis Marker; Ferroptosis is a type of regulated cell death driven by the iron-dependent accumulation of oxidized polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing phospholipids. There is no reliable way to selectively stain ferroptotic cells in tissue sections to characterize the extent of ferroptosis in animal models or patient samples. We address this gap by immunizing mice with membranes from lymphoma cells treated with the ferroptosis inducer piperazine erastin and screening similar to 4,750 of the resulting monoclonal antibodies generated for their ability to selectively detect cells undergoing ferroptosis. We find that one antibody, 3F3 ferroptotic membrane antibody (3F3-FMA), is effective as a selective ferroptosis-staining reagent. The antigen of 3F3-FMA is identified as the human transferrin receptor 1 protein (TfR1). We validate this finding with several additional anti-TfR1 antibodies and compare them to other potential ferroptosis-detecting reagents. We find that anti-TfR1 and anti-malondialdehyde adduct antibodies are effective at staining ferroptotic tumor cells in multiple cell culture and tissue contexts.
Survivorship: Screening for Cancer and Treatment Effects, Version 2.2014 Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology; The NCCN Guidelines for Survivorship provide screening, evaluation, and treatment recommendations for common physical and psychosocia I consequences of cancer and cancer treatment. This portion of the guidelines describes recommendations regarding screening for the effects of cancer and its treatment. The panel created a sample screening tool, specifically for use in combination with the NCCN Guidelines for Survivorship, to guide providers to topics that require more in-depth assessment. Effective screening and assessment can help providers deliver necessary and comprehensive survivorship care.
Concurrent Physical Activity Modifies the Association between n3 Long-Chain Fatty Acids and Cardiometabolic Risk in Mid life Adults; Greater consumption of n3 (omega 3) polyunsaturated fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can reduce risk for cardiovascular disease events, yet their effects on metabolic risk factors and diabetes remain unclear. This cross-sectional study used a community volunteer sample to test whether the associations between n3 fatty acids and cardiometabolic risk vary as a function of physical activity. Participants were 344 generally healthy adults, 30-54 y of age, not taking fish oil supplements or confounding medications. Serum phospholipid EPA and DHA were used together (EPA+DHA) as a biomarker of n3 fatty acid exposure. Cardiometabolic risk was calculated as a continuous measure based on standardized distributions of blood pressure, waist circumference, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and a simple count of risk factors. Insulin resistance was estimated from the homeostatic model assessment. Physical activity was found to predict cardiometabolic risk (P <= 0.02) and insulin resistance (P <= 0.02) and to moderate the association between EPA+DHA and both cardiometabolic risk (P-interaction <= 0.02) and insulin resistance (P-interaction <= 0.02). Specifically, higher EPA+DHA was associated with lower cardiometabolic risk and insulin resistance in persons engaged in regular physical activity but not in relatively inactive individuals. These findings were noted in several components of cardiometabolic risk, in men and women separately, and in models adjusted for overall diet quality. In midlife adults, habitual physical activity may be necessary to unmask the salutary effects of n3 fatty acids on cardiometabolic risk and insulin resistance.
Splenic Immune Response Is Down-Regulated in C57BL/6J Mice Fed Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid Enriched High Fat Diet; Dietary n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are associated with reduction of inflammation, although the mechanisms are poorly understood, especially how the spleen, as a secondary lymphoid organ, is involved. To investigate the effects of EPA and DHA on spleen gene expression, male C57BL/6J mice were fed high fat diets (HFD) differing in fatty acid composition, either based on corn oil (HFD-CO), or CO enriched with 2 g/100 g EPA and DHA (HFD-ED), for eight weeks. Spleen tissue was analyzed using transcriptomics and for fatty acids profiling. Biological processes (BPs) related to the immune response, including T-cell receptor signaling pathway, T-cell differentiation and co-stimulation, myeloid dendritic cell differentiation, antigen presentation and processing, and the toll like receptor pathway were downregulated by HFD-ED compared with control and HFD-CO. These findings were supported by the down-regulation of NF-kappa B in HFD-ED compared with HFD-CO fed mice. Lower phospholipid arachidonic acid levels in HFD-ED compared with HFD-CO, and control mice suggest attenuation of pathways via prostaglandins and leukotrienes. The HFD-ED also upregulated BPs related to erythropoiesis and hematopoiesis compared with control and HFD-CO fed mice. Our findings suggest that EPA and DHA down-regulate the splenic immune response induced by HFD-CO, supporting earlier work that the spleen is a target organ for the anti-inflammatory effects of these n-3 fatty acids.
Evaluation of Yoghurt Fortified with Encapsulated Echium Oil Rich in Stearidonic Acid as A Low-Fat Dairy Food; Echium oil (EO) is oil rich in stearidonic acid (SDA) as well as linolenic acid, which have many health benefits, and protective roles in inflammation, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and cancer. The study aims to produce and evaluate yoghurt fortified with encapsulated echium oil (EEO) as a functional low-fat dairy food. The EEO was added to skimmed buffalo milk at rate of 0, 2, 4, and 6% (w/v) to create 4 treatments. Physiochemical, microbiological properties, and sensory acceptance were evaluated in the fresh samples and during the storage period at 5 +/- 2 degrees C for 21 days. As the EEO increased, soluble nitrogen (WSN/TN ratio), acetaldehyde and viscosity increased while pH value decreased. In addition, the WSN/TN ratio, diacetyl, and viscosity gradually increased, but the pH value and acetaldehyde content decreased with increasing storage time. Yoghurt fortified with EEO had the lowest peroxide value compared to control sample. The addition of EEO had no significantly (p <= 0.05) effect on viability of starter culture during storage period. The best of sensory evaluation was achieved by addition 2% EEO.
The second phase of brain trauma can be controlled by nutraceuticals that suppress DAMP-mediated microglial activation; Introduction
Postprandial dyslipidaemia and diabetes: mechanistic and therapeutic aspects; Purpose of review
<i>In vivo</i> proton HR-MAS NMR metabolic profile of the freshwater cladoceran <i>Daphnia magna</i>; The method concerning in vivo proton HR-MAS NMR metabolic profiling of the freshwater cladoceran Daphnia magna is presented. Viability tests of D. magna under different spinning rates were performed. All surviving daphnids after analysis have developed eggs and embryos like control animals. Better survival rate at the slowest rotation speed were observed. The maximum length of analysis during which the integrity of the daphnid is maintained was assessed. The recorded proton spectra of in vivo daphnia were attributed to lipids from the triglycerol category. Saturated and unsaturated omega-3 like fatty acid moieties of triacylglycerol were well identified. The relationship between physiological state of daphnids and lipid profile are discussed.
Inhibition of arachidonic acid metabolism and its implication on cell proliferation and tumour-angiogenesis; Arachidonic acid (AA) and its metabolites have recently generated a heightened interest due to growing evidence of their significant role in cancer biology. Thus, inhibitors of the AA cascade, first and foremost COX inhibitors, which have originally been of interest in the treatment of inflammatory conditions and certain types of cardiovascular disease, are now attracting attention as an arsenal against cancer. An increasing number of investigations support their role in cancer chemoprevention, although the precise molecular mechanisms that link levels of AA, and its metabolites, with cancer progression have still to be elucidated. This article provides an overview of the AA cascade and focuses on the roles of its inhibitors and their implication in cancer treatment. In particular, emphasis is placed on the inhibition of cell proliferation and neo-angiogenesis through inhibition of the enzymes COX-2, 5-LOX and CYP450. Downstream effects of inhibition of AA metabolites are analysed and the molecular mechanisms of action of a selected number of inhibitors of catalytic pathways reviewed. Lastly, the benefits of dietary omega-3 fatty acids and their mechanisms of action leading to reduced cancer risk and impeded cancer cell growth are mentioned. Finally, a proposal is put forward, suggesting a novel and integrated approach in viewing the molecular mechanisms and complex interactions responsible for the involvement of AA metabolites in carcinogenesis and the protective effects of omega-3 fatty acids in inflammation and turnout prevention. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Relation of smoking and alcohol consumption to serum fatty acids; To examine the relation of cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption to serum fatty acid levels, the authors conducted a cross-sectional study of 190 men who were enrolled in the Multiple Risk Factor intervention Trial between 1973 and 1976. After controlling for dietary fat, cholesterol, energy intake, and other potential confounders, the authors found that smoking and alcohol intake were associated with the serum cholesterol ester and phospholipid levels of several fatty acids. As the number of cigarettes smoked per day increased, the levels of cholesterol ester and phospholipid palmitoleic acid (16:1) and oleic acid (18:1) and the levels of phospholipid dihomogammalinolenic acid (20:3) and omega-9 eicosatrienoic acid (20:3) increased (all p's less than or equal to 0.01). Serum levels of phospholipid omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) and cholesterol ester and phospholipid arachidonic acid (20:4) were inversely associated with smoking (all p's less than or equal to 0.01). As the number of alcoholic drinks per week increased, levels of cholesterol ester and phospholipid palmitic acid (16:0) and oleic acid (18:1), cholesterol ester myristic acid (14:0), and phospholipid palmitoleic acid (16:1), adrenic acid (22:4), and omega-9 eicosatrienoic acid (20:3) increased (all p's <0.05), whereas levels of cholesterol ester and phospholipid linoleic acid (18:2) and phospholipid stearic acid (18:0) and the serum polyunsaturated fat: saturated fat ratio decreased (all p's less than or equal to 0.01). These results suggest that smoking and alcohol consumption may influence the absorption, synthesis, or metabolism of serum fatty acids. Studies that use serum fatty acid levels as indicators of dietary fat intake should control for the effects of cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption.
DIFFERENT EFFECTS OF CARBON-TETRACHLORIDE ON CARCINOGEN-INDUCED HEPATOCELLULAR-CARCINOMA AND NORMAL LIVER OF THE RAT - LOWERED LIPID-PEROXIDATION AND ACCELERATED NECROSIS IN CANCER; To investigate molecular responses to lipid peroxidative stimuli in neoplastic cells, lipid peroxidation was induced in liver of rats bearing 3'-methyl-4-dimethylaminoazobenzene-induced hepatocellular carcinoma by injecting a high dose of carbon tetrachloride (CCl4), a strong lipoperoxidative reagent. Normal rat livers with or without CCl4 treatment served as controls. CCl4 administration markedly provoked fatty metamorphosis, visualized by oil red O staining, in normal livers while minimal fatty changes were seen in hepatocellular carcinomas, where necrosis was often observed instead. After CCl4 treatment, the thiobarbituric acid values (representing levels of lipid peroxides in the tissue) were increased two-fold in the untreated normal liver, but were unchanged in the cancer tissue. Levels of vitamin C, an acutely reactive antioxidant, measured by high-performance liquid chromatography were not influenced by the CCl4 injection in the cancer tissue whereas a significant decrease was evident in normal livers. The total fatty acid content, measured by gas chromatography, was significantly lower in the cancer tissue than in the normal liver while the ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in total fatty acids was little changed. Resistance of hepatocellular cancer cells to fatty metamorphosis and their susceptibility to necrosis induced by free radicals may be due to the paucity of the target PUFAs in their cell membrane fraction, resulting in low levels of lipid peroxides. Peroxidation of PUFAs might act as a "shock absorber" against free radical-induced toxic cell death in normal cells.
Detrimental effects of post-treatment with fatty acids on brain injury in ischemic rats; Studies have illustrated that fatty acids, especially polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), have a role in regulating oxidative stress via the enhancement of antioxidative defense capacity or the augmentation of oxidative burden. Elevated oxidative stress has been implicated in the pathogenesis of brain injury associated with cerebral ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). The objective of this study was to assess whether treatment with fatty acids after focal cerebral I/R induced by occlusion of the common carotid arteries and the middle cerebral artery has effects on brain injury in a rat model. PUFA, including arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the saturated fatty acid, stearic acid (SA), were administrated 60 min after reperfusion via intraperitoneal injection. AA and DHA aggravated cerebral ischemic injury, which manifested as enlargement of areas of cerebral infarction and increased impairment of motor activity, in a concentration-dependent manner. However, there were no remarkable differences in post-ischemic alterations between the SA and saline groups. The post-ischemic augmentation of injury in AA and DHA treatment groups was accompanied by increases in the permeability of the blood-brain barrier (131313), brain edema, metalloproteinase (NIMP) activity, inflammatory cell infiltration, cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) expression, caspase 3 activity, and malondialdehyde (MDA) production, and by a decrease in the brain glutathione (GSH) content. Furthermore, we found that either AA or DHA alone had little effect on free radical generation in neuroglia, but they greatly increased the hydrogen peroxide-induced oxidative burden. Taken together, these findings demonstrate the detrimental effect of PUFA such as AA and DHA in post-ischemic progression and brain injury after cerebral I/R is associated with augmentation of cerebral I/R-induced alterations, including oxidative changes. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Dietary Interventions on Hypertriglyceridemia: From Public Health to Molecular Nutrition Evidence; Approximately 25-50% of the population worldwide exhibits serum triglycerides (TG) (>= 150 mg/dL) which are associated with an increased level of highly atherogenic remnant-like particles, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and pancreatitis risk. High serum TG levels could be related to cardiovascular disease, which is the most prevalent cause of mortality in Western countries. The etiology of hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is multifactorial and can be classified as primary and secondary causes. Among the primary causes are genetic disorders. On the other hand, secondary causes of HTG comprise lifestyle factors, medical conditions, and drugs. Among lifestyle changes, adequate diets and nutrition are the initial steps to treat and prevent serum lipid alterations. Dietary intervention for HTG is recommended in order to modify the amount of macronutrients. Macronutrient distribution changes such as fat or protein, low-carbohydrate diets, and caloric restriction seem to be effective strategies in reducing TG levels. Particularly, the Mediterranean diet is the dietary pattern with the most consistent evidence for efficacy in HTG while the use of omega-3 supplements consumption is the dietary component with the highest number of randomized clinical trials (RCT) carried out with effective results on reducing TG. The aim of this review was to provide a better comprehension between human nutrition and lipid metabolism.
FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF BRAIN, RETINA, AND ERYTHROCYTES IN BREAST-FED AND FORMULA-FED INFANTS; Breast-fed infants score better on visual and developmental tests than do formula-fed infants and this has been related to higher concentrations of erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 omega 3). This prompted an investigation into the relationship between brain, retina, and erythrocyte fatty acids and diet in infancy. Total lipids of erythrocytes, retina, and brain cortex from 35 term infants were analyzed by capillary gas chromatography. Breast-fed infants had a greater proportion of DHA in their erythrocytes and brain cortex relative to those fed formula (P < 0.005) but differences were not observed in retina. Cortex DHA increased in breast-fed (but not formula-fed) infants with age (r(2) = 0.72, P < 0.01, n = 15), largely an effect of length of feeding (r(2) = 0.62, P < 0.01, n = 35). There was an association between age at death and erythrocyte DHA with cortex DHA (r(2) = 0.50, P < 0.01). In contrast, accretion of cortex arachidonic acid was dependent on age but not diet. The higher concentration of DHA in brains of breast-fed infants may explain the improved neurodevelopment reported in breast-fed compared with formula-fed infants.
The role of functional foods in the psychobiology of health and disease; The effect of psychological stress on health is becoming a serious concern, with figures from the World Health Organization showing that stress-related disorders affect nearly 450 million individuals worldwide. Heightened physiological stress responses and psychosocial factors have been linked to disease pathways such as hypertension and CVD. This has prompted significant interest within the scientific community, public health bodies and industry to employ interventions to control and reduce the impact of stress on health. There is now strong potential for functional foods to offer stress management benefits. Various physiological pathways have been targeted by specific dietary supplements for stress reduction, including the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and sympathetic nervous system. Presently there are a number of ingredients, which include vitamin C, milk proteins, a number of herbal extracts (ginkgo biloba, ginseng, kava, valerian and lemon balm), and n-3 fatty acids, that have demonstrated potential stress reactivity-lowering and mood-enhancing effects, although further work is required to substantiate the efficacy in human subjects. Dietary supplements that can alleviate excessive stress responses may play an increasingly important role for the maintenance of health in a stressful environment. However, future research should employ a greater range of measures that will provide stronger evidence to substantiate functional food claims for stress relief.
Effect of dietary fish oil on fecal bile acid and neutral sterol excretion in healthy volunteers; Diet-induced increases in fecal excretion of secondary bile acids (deoxy-and lithocholic acid) and certain neutral sterols (4-cholesten-3-one and 5a-cholestan-3-one) play a role in colon cancer development, whereas dietary fish oil (FO) has been implicated as a protective agent. In the present study the effects of FO and corn oil (GO) on these fecal parameters were investigated in 12 healthy volunteers consuming a low fat (30% of energy) controlled basal diet. After 4 weeks of FO supplementation (4.4 g omega-3 fatty acids/day), daily excretion of lithocholic acid showed a trend to lower values compared to CO consumption (p=0.2), whereas other bile acids were not different during both study periods. Daily excretion of the putative colon carcinogen 4-cholesten-3-one was significantly lower in the FO compared to the CO period. This may be another biochemical mechanism by which FO exerts its protective effect on colon cancer development.
STIMULATION OF LIPID-PEROXIDATION INVIVO BY INJECTED SELENITE AND LACK OF STIMULATION BY SELENATE; Male weanling rats were raised on diets, based on torula yeast, which were deficient in vitamin E and Se, or supplemented with these substances. They were injected i.p. with sodium selenite at 2 mg Se/kg or with sodium sulfite to give the same level of Na. Following injection, lipid peroxidation in vivo was estimated by monitoring the production of ethane, a volatile product formed on the peroxidation of .omega.-3-unsaturated fatty acids. In the hour following injection, vitamin E- and Se-deficient rats injected with selenite produced 15 times as much ethane as did controls injected with sulfite. All rats in this group died 1-4 h after injection. Rats fed diets supplemented with selenite showed only a 2- to 3-fold stimulation of ethane production by selenite and 75% survived. Rats fed diets supplemented with vitamin E did not produce more ethane in response to selenite injection and 75% survived. All 4 rats supplemented with both vitamin E and Se survived without showing increased ethane production. The increased vulnerability of vitamin E- and Se-deficient rats to acute selenite toxicity may involve peroxidation in vivo. Rats fed diets supplemented with vitamin E could survive at least twice as much selenite as rats deficient in Se and vitamin E. Seven-day survival figures for rats fed the basal diet and injected with selenite were: 1 mg Se/kg, 7/8; 2 mg Se/kg, 0/8. For rats supplemented with vitamin E the figures were 2 mg Se/kg, 7/8; 4 mg Se/kg, 2.8. When sodium selenate was injected into rats deficient in vitamin E and Se at 3 mg Se/kg it caused acute mortality without increasing peroxidation in vivo.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids and type 2 diabetes: Impact on the glycemic control mechanism; There is a growing mortality related to co-morbidities associated with diabetes mellitus. Intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has been associated with low cardiometabolic risk and reduction of inflammatory process. The objective of this paper is to review the impact of PUFA intake on glycemic control in diabetic patients as well as to elucidate the possible mechanisms involved. Medline/PubMed electronic database was searched to identify studies published within last five years regarding the effect of PUFA intake on glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetics. The search terms used were polyunsaturated fatty acid(s), PUFA, and diabetes. We included only interventional studies that assessed the effects of PUFA intake on glucose metabolism - fasting glucose, serum insulin, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR assessment- in type 2 diabetics. Initially, 48 articles were identified, of which one was not available and 41 did not match the inclusion criteria. Within the selected studies, three articles showed an improvement in fasting blood glucose, two showed an increase in fasting glycemia, and there was no effect of intervention in one article only. Based on the analyzed clinical interventional studies, supplementation of 0.42-5.2-g PUFA/day for at least eight weeks may become an alternative treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus, particularly in Asian subjects.
Kidney insufficiency and nutrient-based modulation of inflammation; Purpose of review Patients with chronic kidney disease have a high cardiovascular mortality rate. Despite recent advances in dialysis techniques, over 20% of US dialysis patients die every year. Protein-energy malnutrition and inflammation are common and usually concurrent in chronic kidney disease patients, and have been implicated as the main cause of high mortality. We reviewed the pathophysiology of the malnutrition-inflammation complex syndrome and its potential modulation by dietary and other nutritional interventions in chronic kidney disease patients.
Protective effects of a unique combination of nutritionally active ingredients on risk factors and gene expression associated with atherosclerosis in C57BL/6J mice fed a high fat diet†; Atherosclerosis, an inflammatory disorder of the vasculature and the underlying cause of cardiovascular disease, is responsible for one in three global deaths. Consumption of active food ingredients such as omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, flavanols and phytosterols has many beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease. However, their combined actions on the risk factors for atherosclerosis remains poorly understood. We have previously shown that a formulation containing each of these active components at physiologically relevant doses modulated several monocyte/macrophage processes associated with atherosclerosis in vitro, including inhibition of cytokine-induced pro-inflammatory gene expression, chemokine-driven monocyte migration, expression of M1 phenotype markers, and promotion of cholesterol efflux. The objectives of the present study were to investigate whether the protective actions of the formulation extended in vivo and to delineate the potential underlying mechanisms. The formulation produced several favourable changes, including higher plasma levels of HDL and reduced levels of macrophages and myeloid-derived suppressor cells in the bone marrow. The mRNA expression of liver-X-receptor-alpha, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma and superoxide dismutase-1 was induced in the liver and that of interferon-gamma and the chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 1 decreased, thereby suggesting the potential mechanisms for many beneficial effects. Other changes were also observed such as increased plasma levels of triglycerides and lipid peroxidation that may reflect potential activation of brown fat. This study provides new insights into the protective actions and the potential underlying mechanisms of the formulation in vivo, particularly in relation to risk factors together with changes in systemic inflammation and hepatic lipid alterations associated with atherosclerosis and metabolic syndrome, and supports further assessments in human trials.
Individual effects of dietary EPA and DHA on the functioning of the isolated working rat heart; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of dietary pure eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the physiology of the heart in normoxic conditions and during postischemic reperfusion. These effects were compared with those of dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Rats were fed a diet containing either sunflower seed oil (75 g.kg(-1), SSO group), or a mixture of EPA (20:5 n-3) ethyl ester and SSO (10:90, EPA group), or a mixture of DHA (22:6 n-3) ethyl ester and SSO (10:90, DHA group), or a mixture of EPA + DHA ethyl esters and SSO (4.2:5.8:90, (e)+D group) for 6 weeks. The hearts were then perfused according to the working mode. The perfusion was maintained either in normoxic conditions or stopped for 17 min (global zero-flow ischemia) and restored for 33 min (reperfusion). The aortic and coronary flows, aortic developed pressure, and electrocardiogram were continuously monitored. When rats were fed a diet containing either EPA and (or) DHA, the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio of cardiac phospholipids decreased. The proportion of arachidonic acid was reduced more with DHA than dietary EPA. In the EPA group, the percentage of DHA was lower than in the DHA group, but the percentage of EPA and docosapentaenoic acid (22:5 n-3) was higher. These changes in membrane fatty acid composition altered the cardiac function. In normoxic conditions, the coronary flow was higher in the SSO group than in the DHA and EPA groups. The heart rate was lower in the DHA and (e)+D groups than in the EPA and SSO groups. The aortic flow, cardiac output, and aortic developed pressure were not affected. During postischemic reperfusion, the recovery of aortic flow, coronary flow, and aortic developed pressure was similar in the four groups. A slightly improved recovery of cardiac function was noticed in the EPA group, but the difference was not significant. Feeding rats 5% fish oil + 5% SSO instead of 10% SSO for 8 weeks increased the incorporation of EPA in cardiac phospholipids and favored the recovery (+120%) of aortic flow during postischemic reperfusion. In conclusion, the beneficial effect of dietary fish oil on the recovery of cardiac pump activity during reperfusion was not observed with DHA or EPA alone. It appears to be positively related to the accumulation of EPA in membrane phospholipids. The dietary conditions favouring EPA accumulation remain to be determined.
The Impact of Nutrition on the Development and Prognosis of Breast Cancer; Breast cancer is the most frequent type of cancer in women. Recent data suggest that lifestyle factors including dietary factors play a significant role in the development of and survival from breast cancer. In particular, there is convincing evidence that obesity is a potent risk factor for both cancer development and prognosis, increasing the risk for overall and breast cancer mortality by approximately 30%. In contrast, there is still only limited evidence that specific dietary patterns or dietary components affect breast cancer outcomes. However, current knowledge suggests that a healthy/Mediterranean-like diet characterized by high intake of fruit, vegetables, fiber, fish and unsaturated oils, particularly n-3 fatty acids, has a modest protective effect on breast cancer, whereas a typical Western diet characterized by high intake of total/saturated fat, refined carbohydrates, processed and red meat and low fiber intake is associated with modestly poorer outcome. Based on this evidence, weight control is a key recommendation for primary and secondary prevention of breast cancer. Adherence to a healthy/Mediterranean-like diet and avoidance of a Western diet may confer additional, although still unproven, benefit.
Anti-modified LDL antibodies, LDL-containing immune complexes, and susceptibility of LDL to in vitro oxidation in patients with type 2 diabetes; We investigated the hypothesis that modified lipoproteins trigger an immune response leading to the production of autoantibodies and subsequently to the formation of atherogenic immune complexes (IC). We recruited 20 type 2 diabetic patients with macrovascular disease, 14 nondiabetic patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), and 34 healthy control subjects matched for age, sex, and race. Serum antibodies to oxidized and glycated LDL did not differ significantly among the 3 groups. Serum IC contained variable, but not statistically different, amounts of IgG, IgM, and IgA. In contrast, the content of cholesterol in IC isolated from diabetic patients was significantly higher than that in IC isolated from control subjects, and the content of apolipoprotein (apo)-B was significantly higher than that in IC isolated from control subjects and patients with CAD. Cholesteryl ester accumulation in human monocyte-derived macrophages incubated with IC, a measure of the atherogenic potential of IC, was significantly higher in macrophages incubated with red blood cell-adsorbed IC isolated from diabetic patients compared with IC isolated from control subjects (P < 0.03) or from patients with CAD (P < 0.04) and was strongly correlated with the content of apoB (r = 0.68, P < 0.001) and cholesterol(r = 0.61, P < 0.001) in IC. LDL from diabetic patients was more susceptible to oxidation in vitro, was significantly smaller, and contained significantly less or-tocopherol than LDL isolated from subjects in the other groups. In addition, the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid content of phospholipids and cholesteryl. esters in LDL isolated from diabetic patients was significantly increased (P < 0.05) compared with that from patients with CAD or from control subjects. me postulate that LDL size, susceptibility to oxidation, and Lipid fatty acid composition may play a critical role in the production of antibodies to oxidized LDL and consequently in the formation of LDL-containing IC in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Intrauterine nutrition: long-term consequences for vascular health; There is a growing body of evidence that improper intrauterine nutrition may negatively influence vascular health in later life. Maternal malnutrition may result in intrauterine growth retardation and, in turn, metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, and also enhanced risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular death in the offspring. Energy and/or protein restriction is the most critical determinant for fetal programming. However, it has also been proposed that intrauterine n-3 fatty acid deficiency may be linked to later higher blood pressure levels and reduced insulin sensitivity. Moreover, it has been shown that inadequate supply of micronutrients such as folate, vitamin B12, vitamin A, iron, magnesium, zinc, and calcium may contribute to impaired vascular health in the progeny. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy that are linked to impaired placental blood flow and suboptimal fetal nutrition may also contribute to intrauterine growth retardation and aggravated cardiovascular risk in the offspring. On the other hand, maternal overnutrition, which often contributes to obesity and/or diabetes, may result in macrosomia and enhanced cardiometabolic risk in the offspring. Progeny of obese and/or diabetic mothers are relatively more prone to develop obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, and hypertension. It was demonstrated that they may have permanently enhanced appetites. Their atheromatous lesions are usually more pronounced. It seems that, particularly, a maternal high-fat/junk food diet may be detrimental for vascular health in the offspring. Fetal exposure to excessive levels of saturated fatty and/or n-6 fatty acids, sucrose, fructose and salt, as well as a maternal high glycemic index diet, may also contribute to later enhanced cardiometabolic risk.
Associations Between Macronutrients From Different Dietary Sources and Serum Lipids in 24 639 UK Biobank Study Participants; Objective: Macronutrients may relate differently with serum lipids depending on their source, and understanding this relationship is important for cardiovascular disease prevention. We aimed to investigate the associations between macronutrients and macronutrients from different sources with serum lipids in UK Biobank. Approach and Results: Serum lipids were obtained from serum collected at baseline in 24 639 participants with diet assessed using >= 2 twenty-four-hour dietary assessments completed at baseline and during follow-up. Multivariable linear regressions were conducted to calculate geometric mean concentrations of serum lipids by quintiles of macronutrients. We modeled the association between isoenergetic substitution of 5% energy intake from saturated fatty acids (SFA) with other macronutrients and serum lipids. Free sugar intake was positively associated with triglycerides (0.15 mmol/L geometric mean difference between highest and lowest quintile of intake [95% CI, 0.12-0.17 mmol/L]), whereas nonfree sugar intake was inversely associated with triglycerides (-0.08 [-0.10 to -0.05]). SFA intake was positively associated with LDL-C (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol; 0.17 [0.13-0.20]), omega-3 fatty acid intake was inversely associated with triglycerides (-0.15 [-0.17 to -0.12]). Modeled substitution of SFA with polyunsaturated fatty acids was associated with lower total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides. Conclusions: The relationship between carbohydrates and triglycerides may depend on their quality, and reducing free sugar intake may be important in cardiovascular disease prevention. Consistent with previous studies, SFA intake is associated with LDL-C and substitution of SFA intake with polyunsaturated fatty acids intake may be associated with a more favorable serum lipid profile.
Driving factors of neuronal ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is an oxidative form of iron-dependent cell death characterized by the accumulation of lipid peroxides on membranes. Iron and lipids containing polyunsaturated fatty acids are essential for this process. Ferroptosis is central to several neurological diseases and underlies the importance of balanced iron and polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism in the brain, particularly in neurons. Here, we reflect on the potential links between neuronal physiology and the accumulation of iron and peroxidated lipids, the mechanisms neurons use to protect themselves from ferroptosis, and the relationship between pathogenic protein deposition and ferroptosis in neurodegenerative disease. We propose that the unique physiology of neurons makes them especially vulnerable to ferroptosis.
A diet rich in walnuts favourably influences plasma fatty acid profile in moderately hyperlipidaemic subjects; Objective: To compare two low fat diets one rich in walnuts on parameters of Iipid metabolism in a group of hyperlipidaemic subjects.
Monthly variation of total lipid and fatty acid contents of Atlantic bonito, <i>Sarda sarda</i> (Bloch, 1793) of Black Sea; This study represents significant monthly variations of total lipid and fatty acid composition of muscle and liver tissue of Black Sea bonito (P<0.05). Average total lipids of bonito muscle and liver were 8.4% and 25.1%, respectively, and the highest polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) was observed in September and March as 52.9% and 46.6%, respectively. Bonito muscle was found to contain good amounts of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in a range of 252.0-1169.1mg/100g and 712.1-3324.1g/100g, respectively. Higher levels were found in liver at 3323.3mg/100g for EPA and 6996.5mg/100g for DHA. Although 25-100g edible muscle is necessary to reach 1g per day of EPA+DHA requirement for a healthy diet, only 9.8-87.9g of bonito liver is enough to cover the recommended daily amount for these fatty acids. The results indicate that bonito livers constitute a rich and underexploited source of PUFAs.
Effects of extra virgin olive oil and fish oil on lipid profile and oxidative stress in patients with metabolic syndrome; Objective: The aim of this study was to verify if extra virgin olive oil and fish oil have a synergistic effect on lipid and oxidative stress parameters in patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS).
The cost-effectiveness of icosapent ethyl in combination with statin therapy compared with statin alone for cardiovascular risk reduction; Aims The aim of this study was to estimate the cost-effectiveness, from the perspective of the Australian public healthcare system, of icosapent ethyl in combination with statin therapy compared with statin alone for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. Methods and results A Markov model populated with data from the Reduction of Cardiovascular Events with Icosapent Ethyl-Intervention Trial was designed to predict the effectiveness and costs of icosapent ethyl in combination with statins compared with statins alone over a 20-year time horizon. Data inputs for costs and utilities were sourced from published sources. The annual costs of icosapent ethyl were assumed to be AUD1637 (USD2907) per person. All future costs and outcomes were discounted annually by 5%. The main outcome of interest was incremental cost-effectiveness ratios in terms of cost per quality adjusted life year (QALY) gained and per year of life saved (YoLS). Over a 20-year time horizon, compared with statin alone, icosapent ethyl in combination with statin was estimated to cost an additional AUD$13,022 per person, but led to 0.338 YoLS and 0.289 QALYs gained (all discounted). These equated to incremental cost-effectiveness ratios of AUD45,036 per QALY gained and AUD38,480 per YoLS. Sub-analyses for primary and secondary prevention were AUD96,136 and AUD35,935 per QALY gained, respectively. The results were sensitive to time-horizon, age related trends and the acquisition price of icosapent ethyl. Conclusion Compared with statin alone, icosapent ethyl in combination with statin therapy is likely to be cost-effective in the prevention of cardiovascular disease assuming a willingness-to-pay threshold of AUD50,000 per QALY gained, especially in the secondary preventive setting.
Diet, serum homocysteine levels and ischaemic heart disease in a Mediterranean population; Homocysteine (Hcy) is recognised as a risk factor for IHD. Serum Hcy is negatively correlated with serum folate levels, the main sources of which are fruits, vegetables and legumes. The present case-control study was designed to examine the relationship between serum Hcy levels and IHD and to assess the role of dietary factors in the southern Mediterranean population of Crete, Greece. Serum Hcy, folate, vitamin B-12, creatinine and glucose levels and a full lipid profile were measured in 152 patients with established IHD, median age 64 (range 33-77) years, and 152 healthy control subjects, age- and sex-matched. Dietary data were assessed using a 3d food intake record. Compared with controls, patients with IHD had significantly higher daily intakes of vitamin B-12 and MUFA and significantly lower intakes of carbohydrate, fibre, folate, cholesterol, n-3 fatty acids and total trans unsaturated fatty acids. Moreover, patients had significantly higher serum Hcy, vitamin B-12 and creatinine levels, but significantly lower folate. Serum folate concentrations in both groups had a significant positive correlation with dietary fibre consumption and a significant inverse correlation with vitamin B-12 intake. IHD patients should be encouraged to increase their daily dietary intake of fibre, folate and n-3 fatty acids, which are significant components of the traditional Cretan Mediterranean diet. Where dietary folate intake is inadequate, folate supplements are recommended to reduce elevated Hcy levels.
The use of Omegaven in treating parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease; Parenteral nutrition (PN), containing fat emulsions derived from soybean, has been implicated in the progression of PN-associated liver disease and cholestasis, particularly in infants with short bowel syndrome. Clinical use of Omegaven, a parenteral fish-oil emulsion, has been shown in recent studies to be a promising therapy to reverse liver disease and cholestasis. This review summarizes the rationale, relevant clinical investigations and future direction of Omegaven therapy for PN-dependent infants. Journal of Perinatology (2011) 31, S57-S60; doi: 10.1038/jp.2010.182
Novel eicosanoid and docosanoid mediators: resolvins, docosatrienes, and neuroprotectins; Purpose of review It is well known that arachidonic acid is the precursor to potent mediators. Many clinical studies suggest that omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids such as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid have beneficial actions in human diseases. The molecular basis of these actions remains of interest.
A solid dietary fat containing fish oil redistributes lipoprotein subclasses without increasing oxidative stress in men; There is a demand and need for healthy solid dietary fats. However, synthetic fats can be tailored to contain specific physiologic properties. Our goal was to design dietary solid test fats that would be both beneficial to the atherogenic lipid profile and stable against lipid peroxidation. Sixteen men (age 35-75 y) substituted 80 g of their normal dietary fat intake with test fat for two periods of 21 d each in a double-blind, randomized, crossover study. Although solid, both test fats were low in cholesterol-raising SFA. Test fat "F" contained 5 g/100 g long chain (n-3) fatty acids matched by oleic acid in test fat "O." Plasma total triacylglycerol (TAG), VLDL TAG, cholesterol in VLDL, and intermediate density lipoproteins (IDL) were lower (P < 0.05), whereas apolipoprotein (apo) B of the large LDL-2 (d = 1031-1042 g/L) subclass, and cholesterol of HDL2b subclass, were higher after intake of F than O fat (P < 0.05). There was no difference in the effect on in vivo oxidation measured as the ratio of plasma isoprostanes F-2 to arachidonic acid and urinary isoprostanes, whereas the vitamin E activity/plasma total lipids ratio was higher after intake of F than O (P = 0.008). In conclusion, a solid dietary fat containing (n-3) PUFA decreased plasma TAG, VLDL, and IDL cholesterol, and redistributed lipoprotein subclasses in LDL and HDL, with a higher concentration of the larger and less atherogenic subfractions. These changes took place without an increase in oxidative stress as measured by in vivo markers.
Novel therapeutics in hypertriglyceridemia; Purpose of reviewWe provide an overview of recent advances in the therapy of hypertriglyceridemia, focusing on several new therapies with potential for treating of familial chylomicronemia, other forms of hypertriglyceridemia, and for triglyceride-lowering in patients with other lipid disorders.Recent findingsNewer triglyceride-lowering modalities under evaluation include gene therapy for lipoprotein lipase deficiency (alipogene tiparvovec), and antisense oligonucleotides against mRNA for apolipoproteins B (mipomersen) and C3 (volanesorsen, ISIS 304801). Other potential therapies include small molecule inhibitors of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (lomitapide) and diacylglycerol acyltransferase-1 (pradigastat), and a monoclonal antibody against angiopoietin-like protein 3 (REGN1500). There is also renewed interest in omega-3 fatty acids, and in developing potent and selective agonists of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors.SummarySeveral promising triglyceride-lowering therapies are at various stages of development; a few are even available in some markets. Although existing data suggest good biochemical efficacy, data on long-term clinical outcomes are still limited. For some therapies, cost will be an important consideration, and use will likely be restricted to orphan indications, for example very severe cases of hypertriglyceridemia as seen in familial chylomicronemia syndrome, although some therapies could theoretically be more broadly used one day for cardiovascular disease prevention.
Bioactive Food Components as Dietary Intervention for Cystic Fibrosis; Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a genetic disorder that can lead to death at an early age. CF is characterized by respiratory infection, airway obstruction, inflammation, and eventually end-stage lung failure. CF also damages pancreatic exocrine function resulting in serious complications such as nutritional deficiencies. Current therapy to this multisystem disease requires the practice of both pharmacological and nutritional approaches. Growing evidence shows that bioactive food components, such as polyunsaturated fatty acids, phytochemicals, and antioxidants, have beneficial effects in the management of CF disease. This review will summarize the current status of bioactive compounds in CF therapy.
Chronic cellular hypoxia as the prime cause of cancer: What is the de-oxygenating role of adulterated and improper ratios of polyunsaturated fatty acids when incorporated into cell membranes?; With the exception of melanoma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, the incidence of cancer has peaked in the last several years, but rates and mortality are stilt high. Moreover, despite 50 years of intensive cancer research increasingly focused on genetic causes, no single unifying cause for cancer has been established. Although it is well-known that tumors are hypoxic, and that there is a correlation between the level of hypoxia and prognosis, with the exception of Warburg's studies, little work has been done to investigate the relationship between hypoxia and cancer. Over 70 years ago, Warburg showed that cells could always be made cancerous by subjecting them to periods of hypoxia. Moreover, he demonstrated that once cells had converted to a cancerous state, reversion could not occur. Modern biochemistry acknowledges that there is a switch from oxidative phosphorylation to glycolysis in tumors that might be concurrent with hypoxia, but does not address the cancer causation. It is our hypothesis that long-term hypoxia of cells in the body, measured in years, is the primary trigger for cancer. We believe that the hypoxia, which has to meet Warburg's findings of a critical 35% reduction in intracellular oxygen levels to initiate cancer, is [inked to the incorporation of adulterated, non-oxygenating, or inappropriate polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) into the phospholipids of cell and mitochondrial membranes. Such incorporation causes changes in membrane properties that impair oxygen transmission into the cell. Trans fats, partially oxidized PUFA entities, and inappropriate omega-6:omega-3 ratios are all potential sources of unsaturated fatty acids that can disrupt the normal membrane structure. In this paper, we explore this hypothesis by examining the evidence, and additionally propose an appropriate PUFA dosage for humans by analyzing requirements and taking into account current PUFA consumption patterns. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of n-3 PUFAs on breast cancer cells through their incorporation in plasma membrane; Background: PUFAs are important molecules for membrane order and function; they can modify inflammation-inducible cytokines production, eicosanoid production, plasma triacylglycerol synthesis and gene expression. Recent studies suggest that n-3 PUFAs can be cancer chemopreventive, chemosuppressive and auxiliary agents for cancer therapy. N-3 PUFAs could alter cancer growth influencing cell replication, cell cycle, and cell death. The question that remains to be answered is how n-3 PUFAs can affect so many physiological processes. We hypothesize that n-3 PUFAs alter membrane stability, modifying cellular signalling in breast cancer cells.
Rapidly cycling Lgr5<SUP>+</SUP> stem cells are exquisitely sensitive to extrinsic dietary factors that modulate colon cancer risk; The majority of colon tumors are driven by aberrant Wnt signaling in intestinal stem cells, which mediates an efficient route toward initiating intestinal cancer. Natural lipophilic polyphenols and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) generally suppress Wnt-and NF-kappa B-(nuclear factor-kappa light-chain enhancer of activated B-cell) related pathways. However, the effects of these extrinsic agents on colonic leucine-rich repeat-containing G-protein-coupled receptor 5-positive (Lgr5(+)) stem cells, the cells of origin of colon cancer, have not been documented to date. Therefore, we examined the effect of n-3 PUFA and polyphenol (curcumin) combination on Lgr5(+) stem cells during tumor initiation and progression in the colon compared with an n-6 PUFA-enriched control diet. Lgr5-EGFP-IRES-(creERT2) knock-in mice were fed diets containing n-6 PUFA (control), n-3 PUFA, n-6 PUFA+curcumin or n-3 PUFA+curcumin for 3 weeks, followed by 6 azoxymethane (AOM) injections, and terminated 17 weeks after the last injection. To further elucidate the effects of the dietary bioactives at the tumor initiation stage, Lgr5(+) stem cells were also assessed at 12 and 24 h post AOM injection. Only n-3 PUFA+curcumin feeding reduced nuclear beta-catenin in aberrant crypt foci (by threefold) compared with control at the progression time point. n-3 PUFA+curcumin synergistically increased targeted apoptosis in DNA-damaged Lgr5(+) stem cells by 4.5-fold compared with control at 12 h and maximally reduced damaged Lgr5(+) stem cells at 24 h, down to the level observed in saline-treated mice. Finally, RNAseq analysis indicated that p53 signaling in Lgr5+ stem cells from mice exposed to AOM was uniquely upregulated only following n-3 PUFA+ curcumin cotreatment. These novel findings demonstrate that Lgr5(+) stem cells are uniquely responsive to external dietary cues following the induction of DNA damage, providing a therapeutic strategy for eliminating damaged Lgr5(+) stem cells to reduce colon cancer initiation.
Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an essential fatty acid at the brain; Docosahexaenoic acid (C22: 6 -3, DHA) is a long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid of marine origin essential for the formation and function of the nervous system, particularly the brain and the retina of humans. It has been proposed a remarkable role of DHA during the human evolution, mainly on the growth and development of the brain, effect that allowed the emergence of the first cognitive skills that differentiated our specie from other animals. Currently, DHA is considered a critical nutrient during pregnancy and breastfeeding due to it active participation at both, the structural and functional development of the nervous system in early life. DHA and specifically one of its derivatives known as neuroprotectin D-1 (NPD-1), has neuroprotective properties against brain aging, neurodegenerative diseases and injury caused by the damage generated during brain ischemia-reperfusion episodes. This paper reviews and discusses the importance of DHA in the human brain given the importance of this fatty acid in the development of the tissue and as neuroprotective agent. It also includes a critical view about the use of this noble fatty acid in the population.
Evaluation of the possible inclusion of certain fish species in chronic kidney disease diets based on their adverse and beneficial nutrient ratios; The goal of this study was to quantify the adverse (phosphorus, protein, sodium, potassium and cholesterol) and beneficial [n-3 fatty acids: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA); vitamins D-3 and E] nutrients in 14 fish species in order to evaluate their inclusion in chronic kidney disease (CKD) diets. Using AOAC methods, we obtained the following results per 100 g of fish: 50.86-227.52 mg phosphorus, 14.7-30.6 g protein and 3.83-1667.35 mg EPA + DHA. CKD patients with protein or phosphorus restrictions should avoid broadbill swordfish, black bullhead and spotted scorpionfish. However, patients may include parrot sand bass, black bullhead, broadbill swordfish, longjaw leatherjacket, oilfish, Atlantic tripletail, spotted scorpionfish and round herring in their diets based on the (P)/(EPA + DHA) ratios of these fish. Some fish species may be included in CKD diets because of their high biological value protein content - associated with cardiovascular and renal protective nutrients (EPA + DHA) - and low P, Na, K and cholesterol content, their consumption by CKD patients should be encouraged.
Molecular mechanisms of the effects of olive oil and other dietary lipids on cancer; Cancer is one of the main causes of mortality worldwide. Geographical differences in incidence rates suggest a key effect of environmental factors, especially diet, in its aetiology. Epidemiologic and experimental studies have found a role of dietary lipids in cancer, particularly breast, colorectal, and prostate cancers. Their incidence in the Mediterranean countries, where the main source of fat is olive oil, is lower than in other areas of the world. Human studies about the effects of dietary lipids are little conclusive, probably due to methodological issues. On the other hand, experimental data have clearly demonstrated that the influence of dietary fats on cancer depends on the quantity and the type of lipids. Whereas a high intake of n-6 PUFA and saturated fat has tumor-enhancing effects, n-3 PUFA, conjugated linoleic acid and gamma-linolenic acid have inhibitory effects. Data regarding MUFA have not always been conclusive, but high olive oil diets seem to have protective effects. Such effects can be due to oleic acid, the main MUFA in olive oil, and to certain minor compounds such as squalene and phenolic compounds. This work aims to review the current knowledge about the relationship between dietary lipids and cancer, with a special emphasis on olive oil, and the molecular mechanisms underlying these effects: modifications on the carcinogenesis stages, hormonal status, cell membrane structure and function, signal transduction pathways, gene expression, and immune system.
Highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid reduces cardio-ankle vascular index in association with decreased serum amyloid A-LDL in metabolic syndrome; A recent clinical trial revealed that highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, reduces the incidence of cardiovascular diseases. However, the detailed mechanism underlying the anti-atherogenic effect of EPA is still poorly understood. In this study, we examined the effect of EPA on cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI), a new index of arterial stiffness that is less influenced by blood pressure ( BP), as well as on serum amyloid A-low-density lipoprotein (SAA-LDL), an oxidized LDL (oxLDL), in the metabolic syndrome. Ninety-two obese Japanese subjects with metabolic syndromes were randomly divided into two groups (n=46): the EPA-treated group (1.8 g administered daily for 3 months) and the control group. Measurements were taken to assess the changes in glucose-lipid metabolism, SAA-LDL, C-reactive protein (CRP), leptin, adiponectin and pulse wave velocity (PWV), and CAVI. EPA treatment significantly reduced the levels of immunoreactive insulin, triglycerides, SAA-LDL, CRP, PWV and CAVI and increased the levels of adiponectin relative to the control group for 3 months (P<0.05). Stepwise multivariate linear regression analysis revealed that the only significant determinant for a decrease in CAVI by EPA is a reduction in SAA-LDL (P<0.05). Moreover, the EPA- induced reduction of SAA-LDL was only significantly correlated with a decrease in total cholesterol and an increase in adiponectin (P<0.05). This study is the first demonstration that EPA improves arterial stiffness and is less influenced by BP, possibly through the suppression of SAA-LDL, thereby leading to a reduction in the frequency of cardiovascular disease development in metabolic syndrome. Hypertension Research (2009) 32, 1004-1008; doi: 10.1038/hr.2009.145; published online 18 September 2009
The N3RO trial: a randomised controlled trial of docosahexaenoic acid to reduce bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants &lt; 29 weeks' gestation; Background: Bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) is a major cause of mortality and long-term respiratory and neurological morbidity in very preterm infants. While survival rates of very preterm infants have increased over the past two decades there has been no decrease in the rate of BPD in surviving infants. Evidence from animal and human studies has suggested potential benefits of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), an n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid, in the prevention of chronic lung disease. This randomised controlled trial aims to determine the effectiveness of supplementary DHA in reducing the rate of BPD in infants less than 29 weeks' gestation.
Exploring the Impact of n-6 PUFA-rich Oilseed Production on Commercial Butter Compositions Worldwide; Anecdotal evidence suggests that the incorporation of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-6 PUFA) containing oilseeds in dairy feeds depletes saturated fatty acids (SFA) in dairy fats such as butter. However, due to the lack of chemical evidence, the current status of n-6 PUFA or SFA in butter is unknown. We hypothesized that n-6 PUFA levels in commercial butter were inversely proportional to its SFA content and directly proportional to the extent of n-6 PUFA-rich oilseed production of its country of origin. We analyzed grass-fed and commercial butters from Australia, Belarus, Canada, China, England, France, Germany, Iceland, India, Israel, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Russia, and the United States via gas chromatography. Extent of n-6 PUFA containing oilseed production for countries was obtained from the FAOStat 2015 database. Globally, SFA from commercial butters had a strong negative correlation (Spearman r = -0.53, p = 0.025) with its n-6 PUFA content, with U.S. and Canadian butter demonstrating the highest n-6 PUFA as well as n-6/n-3 PUFA ratios. As predicted, we show that countries with >5% of its agricultural land dedicated to n-6 PUFA oilseed production demonstrate a "spillover" increase of n-6 PUFA in their commercial butters (Spearman r = 0.85, p = 0.0054). The overall significance of this study is that it presents novel evidence of the global impact of rising n-6 PUFA production on commercial butter fat composition. We hope these data will lead to inclusion of actual biochemical analyses of dairy fats in future clinical trials. We believe that this inclusion of analyses will better explain the differential health outcomes among different countries for such interventions.
THE EFFECT OF VITAMIN-E AND DIETARY LINOLEIC-ACID ON MERCURY TOXICITY; Japanese quail chicks were intoxicated with 25 ppm Hg as CH3HgCl or 500 ppm Hg as HgCl2. The addition of Se and vitamin E reduced the percent Hg-induced mortality. Both 25 ppm Hg as Ch3HgCl and 500 ppm HG as HgCl2 resulted in .apprx. 50% mortality by day 20 when given with 1 ppm Se and no added vitamin E. Vitamin E (50-500 mg/kg) was not as effective in reducing HgCl2-induced mortality as it was in reducing CH3HgCl-induced mortality. The incorporation at increasing levels (1-3%) of linoleic acid in the diet exacerbated the lethal effects of CH3HgCl in quail maintained on the linoleic acid diets 15 days prior to Hg administration. Increasing PUFA [polyunsaturated fatty acid] in the diet may increase the quail''s susceptibility to Hg poisoning.
Nutrition and dietary supplements in neurological diseases; "Healthy" diets and supplements are widely used for prevention and disease modification in vascular, inflammatory and degenerative neurological diseases. Apart from a large number of cross-sectional and prospective cohort studies, there are only few interventional studies on individual dietary measures. A recent study confirmed the stroke preventive effect of a Mediterranean diet rich in olive oil and nuts; a ketogenic diet reduces seizure frequency in epilepsy. Supplementation of riboflavin, magnesium and coenzyme Q10 are probably effective in migraine prophylaxis. Creatine can improve muscle strength in muscular dystrophy and myositis. There is insufficient evidence to recommend any of the many dietary supplements, such as vitamins, omega-3 fatty acids and other substances for the prevention or improvement of all other neurological diseases. This review critically evaluates the present data on the role of nutrition and dietary supplements in neurological diseases.
n-3PUFA and Holter-derived autonomic variables in patients with heart failure: Data from the Gruppo Italiano per to Studio delta Sopravvivenza nell'Insufficienza Cardiaca (GISSI-HF) Holter substudy; BACKGROUND n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3PUFA) supplementation in the Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Insufficienza Cardiaca (GISSI-HF) study reduced total mortality in patients with heart failure (HF), but the mechanism of action is still debated. The hypothesis of the present GISSI-HF substudy was that n-3PUFA may have beneficial effects on cardiac autonomic control.
Alterations in erythrocyte membrane fluidity and fatty acid composition in glycogen storage disease; Liver glycogen storage diseases (GSD) are disorders associated with severe dyslipidaemia which can induce cell membrane alterations. Reduced erythrocyte membrane fluidity has been associated with ischaemic cardiovascular disease. Our study has been designed to investigate membrane erythrocyte fluidity, and to determine its lipid composition and peroxidation parameters. Membrane erythrocyte fluidity has been studied by electron spin resonance (ESR) with two fatty acid nitroxide probes (5NS and 16NS). Twenty-five GSD cases aged 1-27 years and 15 controls aged 1-28 years were included. The erythrocyte membrane of GSD patients appeared less fluid with the two probes (P < 0.001). The membrane fatty acid pattern explained this reduced fluidity. Patients showed a relative saturated fatty acid (SFA) increase and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) decrease which induced lower PUFA/SFA ratio than in controls. We have provided evidence that the PUFA decrease was independent of the oxidative process. These findings should be taken into account for the management of the dietary treatment of GSD patients.
UHPLC-Q-Exactive Orbitrap mass spectrometry reveals the lipidomics of bovine milk and yogurt; Compared with milk intake, yogurt intake appears to cause a lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). The molecular components responsible for the phenomenon are elusive. We hypothesized that the fermentation would change the lipid profile and fatty acid composition of milk. Untargeted analysis of lipids in milk and yogurt was performed using ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography (UHPLC) coupled with Q-Exactive Orbitrap mass spectrometry and gas chromatography (GC) with a flame ionization detector (FID). The results showed that yogurt had increased C4:0-C10:0 fatty acid, rumenic acid (cis-9 and trans-11-18:2), vaccenic acid (trans-11-18:1), linoleic acid (LA), and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) contents, and decreased triglyceride (TG), C16:0 and C18:0 fatty acids, and saturated fatty acid (SFA) contents compared with milk. These results advance the understanding of the difference between yogurt and milk regarding reduced risk of CVD and T2D.
Marine lipids as affected by processing and their quality preservation by natural antioxidants; Interest in marine oils and seafoods has been intensified because of beneficial health effects ascribed to their long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) components. These relate to the prevention and/or treatment of cardiovascular disease, rheumatoid arthritis and other disorders has been realized and led to their use in a variety of products. The LC PUFA in marine oils include eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and to a lesser extent docosapentaenoic acid (DPA). Oils rich in LCPUFA originate from algal sources as well as the liver of lean fish, body of fatty fish and blubber of marine mammals. Due to their high degree of unsaturation, marine lipids and seafoods are highly susceptible to oxidation during processing and storage. Thus, their stabilization with antioxidants and use of appropriate packaging conditions is necessary. In addition, LCPUFA concentrates produced via physical, chemical or enzymatic processing provide specialty products that are of interest as nutraceuticals and pharmaceuticals.
Levels of nutrients in relation to fish consumption among older male anglers in Wisconsin; Fish is an important source of nutrients including omega-3 fatty acids, which may reduce risk of adverse health outcomes such as cardiovascular disease; however, fish may also contain significant amounts of environmental pollutants. The Wisconsin Departments of Health Services and Natural Resources developed a survey instrument, along with a strategy to collect human biological samples to assess the risks and benefits associated with long-term fish consumption among older male anglers in Wisconsin. The target population was men aged 50 years and older, who fish Wisconsin waters and live in the state of Wisconsin. Participants provided blood and hair samples and completed a detailed (paper) questionnaire, which included questions on basic demographics, health status, location of catch and species of fish caught/eaten, consumption of locally caught and commercially purchased fish, and awareness and source of information for local and statewide consumption guidelines. Biological samples were used to assess levels of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA); vitamin D; and selenium in blood. Quantile regression analysis was used to investigate the associations between biomarker levels and self-reported consumption of fish from the Great Lakes and other areas of concern, other locally caught fish, and commercially purchased fish (meals per year). Respondents were largely non-Hispanic white men in their 60's with at least some college education, and about half were retired. Fish consumption was high (median of 54.5 meals per year), with most fish meals coming from locally-caught fish. Multivariate regression models showed that the effect of supplement use was much greater than that of fish consumption, on nutrient levels, although consumption of fish from the Great Lakes and areas of concern was significantly associated with higher levels of vitamin D even after controlling for supplement usage. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Purified Eicosapentaenoic Acid Induces Prolonged Survival of Cardiac Allografts and Generates Regulatory T Cells; Fish oil, which is rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), has been found to have immunomodulatory effects. We examined whether administration of purified EPA affected survival of fully mismatched murine cardiac allografts. Hearts from C57BL/10 (H-2(b)) mice were transplanted into CBA (H-2(k)) recipients treated with one intraperitoneal dose of purified EPA the day of transplantation. Untreated CBA recipients and recipients given 0.1 g/kg of EPA rejected C57BL/10 hearts (median survival time [MST], 8 and 13 days, respectively). With a 1.0 g/kg dose of EPA, graft survival was markedly prolonged (MST > 100 days). To determine whether regulatory cells were generated, naive mice (secondary recipients) underwent adoptive transfer of splenocytes from EPA-treated primary recipients and cardiac allograft transplantation. Adoptive transfer of whole, CD4(+) and CD4(+)CD25(+) splenocytes from EPA-treated recipients induced indefinite survival in secondary recipients. Flow cytometry showed that the CD4(+)CD25(+) cells were Foxp3(+). In reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) studies, the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) mRNA was upregulated by EPA treatment. A PPAR gamma antagonist abrogated the prolongation of graft survival induced by EPA treatment (MST, 13 days). Thus, in our model, purified EPA induced prolonged survival of fully mismatched cardiac allografts and generated regulatory T cells dependent on PPAR gamma activation.
Necrotizing enterocolitis: preventative strategies; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) remains a major cause of morbidity and mortality in premature infants. Although the pathogenesis of NEC is unclear, prevention strategies have been developed based on clinical observations and epidemiologic and experimental data. Most current strategies have centered on feeding practices (eg, institution of feeds, advancement of feeds, composition of feeds, and standardization of feeding practices). Emerging strategies include amino acid supplementation, the use of platelet-activating factor (PAF) antagonists or PAF-acetylhydrolase administration, polyunsaturated fatty acid administration, epidermal growth factor administration, and the use of pre- and probiotics.
Canola oil rich in oleic acid improves diastolic heart function in diet-induced obese rats; Obesity is a leading cause of cardiovascular disease. It directly affects heart structure and function and contributes to heart failure. Diet is a major factor involved in the development of obesity along with genetic factors. We examined the effects of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich oils on cardiac structure and function in the diet-induced rodent model of obesity (DIO). Obese prone (OP) rats were fed a high-fat diet (HF; 55% of kcal) for 12 weeks; Sprague-Dawley rats fed commercial chow served as control. Echocardiography was performed to assess the cardiac structure and function in all rats at 12 weeks. OP rats fed the HF diet showed significant impairment in diastolic function compared to control rats. The HF diet containing high oleic canola oil significantly improved diastolic function of OP rats compared to the HF diet with lard. In conclusion, canola oil rich in oleic acid, when incorporated into an HF diet, prevents the development of diastolic dysfunction in DIO rats.
The effect of walnut consumption on lipid profiles of the first-degree relatives of type two diabetes mellitus patients (T2DM) with prediabetes; Background and Objective: Prevalence of Diabetes mellitus as a group of metabolic diseases is increasing. Abnormal lipid profile in diabetic patients is major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. According to studies, polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) effect on lipid profile. We evaluated the association between walnut consumption as a source of PUFA and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in prediabetic patients.
Vegan Diet Health Benefits in Metabolic Syndrome; Plant-based diets (PBDs) are increasingly consumed by the Italian population and around the world. In particular, among PBDs, the vegan diet is a food pattern characterized by the exclusion of all animal-origin foods. What drives people to adopt this model are mainly ethical, health and environmental reasons. A vegan diet, if well-balanced and varied, can help in achieving and maintaining an optimal state of health. However, this nutritional approach, if not well-balanced, can cause deficiencies in proteins, omega-3 fatty acids, iron, vitamin D and calcium, zinc, iodine and, above all, vitamin B12. Oral food supplements especially fortified foods are recommended in these cases to restore the nutritional deficiencies. A vegan diet generally reduces the risk of developing chronic non-communicable degenerative diseases, such as metabolic syndrome (MetS) and, in addition, requires fewer natural resources for food production than an omnivorous diet. The aim of this review is to analyze the possible impact of the vegan diet on MetS onset and its treatment.
INCIDENCE OF (N-3) ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID DEFICIENCY ON TROUT REPRODUCTIVE PROCESSES; A feeding experiment was conducted on rainbow trout broodstock for 1 yr to investigate the influence of the quality lipids on egg and fry fatty acid composition, embryonic development and hatching efficiency. The broodstock were fed either a commercial control diet or a (n-3) fatty acid-deficient diet; their liver, eggs and fry were analyzed to determine the fatty acid composition of their neutral and polar lipids. The fatty acid pattern in liver, eggs and fry was markedly different due to the qualitative difference of the dietary lipids. The most striking difference was the low amount of 22:6 (n-3) and the high levels of 20:4 (n-6) and 22:5 (n-6) in phospholipids of fish receiving the (n-3)-deficient diet containing a high level of 18:2 (n-6). While fertilization efficiency was equivalent in the first 2 days of development, whatever the diet, 2 peaks of mortality were observed, one at day 8 and the other at day 22 after fertilization, during the time the eggs produced by the  deficient fish were incubated. A shorter period of vitellus resorption (50 vs. 65 day) was observed in (n-3)-deficient alevins as compared to controls. Morphological study of the development of the (n-3)-deficient embryos showed some cleavage disorders at the 16- to 32-cell stage, a blocking effect before gastrulation and later various alterations in organogenesis. The (n-3) fatty acids, and especially 22:6 (n-3), play a crucial and specific role in trout embryo development. These fatty acids could be involved in cellular recognition processes through their oxygenated derivatives. The need for long-term nutritional deficiency to induce the reported biochemical and physiological alterations is discussed.
Air-ventilated normothermic machine perfusion alleviates hepatic injury from DCD rat through CYP1A2; Background. Normothermic machine perfusion (NMP) could provide protection to organs from donation after circulatory death (DCD) before transplantation, and its molecular mechanism remains un-clear. Our previous study discovered that the air-ventilated NMP confers a better DCD liver re-covery than oxygen-ventilated NMP. The purpose in the current study was to investigate the protective mechanism of air-ventilated NMP in a rat model of DCD liver by metabolomics, and to select biomarker to predict liver function recovery.Materials and Methods. Peroxisome proliferator activator receptor-& alpha; (PPAR & alpha;) agonist or antagonist was administered via the perfusion circuit in the air-ventilated NMP. Perfusate samples were taken for measure-ments of aminotransferases using standard biochemical methods, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6. Liver biopsies were allocated for detection of metabolomics, PPAR & alpha; and cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2).Results. Metabolomics analysis revealed the significant increased & gamma;-linolenic acid and decreased adrenic acid during the air-ventilated NMP, indicating linoleic acid metabolism pathway was associated with a better DCD liver recovery; as a major enzyme involved in linolenic acid metabolism, CYP1A2 was found correlated with a less inflammation and better liver function with the air-ventilated NMP; PPAR & alpha; agonist could increase CYP1A2 expression and activity, decrease inflammation response, and improve liver function with the air-ventilated NMP, while PPAR & alpha; antagonist played the opposite.Conclusion. Air-ventilated NMP confers a better liver recovery from DCD rats through the activated linoleic acid metabolism and CYP1A2 upregulation; CYP1A2 expression and activity might function as biomarker to predict DCD liver function recovery with NMP.
RMSSD, a measure of vagus-mediated heart rate variability, is associated with risk factors for SUDEP: The SUDEP-7 Inventory; Objective: The goal of this study was to determine if specific measures of heart rate variability (HRV) are associated with the total score on a new seven-item inventory for sudden unexplained death in epilepsy (SUDEP).
Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and triacylglycerol metabolism in the postprandial state; Elevated plasma triacylglycerol (TG; triglyceride) concentrations, especially in the postprandial state, have been associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Postprandial lipemia represents a complex series of reactions which occur following the ingestion of a meal containing fat and is associated with a number of adverse metabolic events including the production of atherogenic chylomicron remnants, the formation of the highly atherogenic small dense low density lipoprotein particles, a reduction in the concentration of the cardioprotective high density lipoprotein fraction and the activation of coagulation factor VII. Fish oils are a rich source of the long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PU FA), eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. Long chain n-3 PUFA are effective hypotriglyceridemic agents, lowering both fasting and postprandial TG concentrations. There is a large body of evidence which shows that n-3 PUFA reduces plasma TG concentrations through reduced endogenous very low density lipoprotein production. This in turn may account for the reduced postprandial lipemic response following n-3 PUFA supplementation. However, this does not preclude a contribution of enhanced chylomicron clearance, which may be mediated through altered chylomicron size, structure or chemical composition, or altered lipoprotein lipase metabolism in terms of enzyme concentration, activity, or affinity for chylomicrons. However the precise biochemical nature of this effect remains to be established. The reduction of postprandial plasma TG concentrations by n-3 PUFA may partly explain why n-3 PUFA intake is inversely related to CHD mortality.
Non-enzymatic oxidized metabolite of DHA, 4(<i>RS</i>)-4-F<sub>4t</sub>-neuroprostane protects the heart against reperfusion injury; Acute myocardial infarction leads to an increase in oxidative stress and lipid peroxidation. 4(RS)-4-F-4t-Neuroprostane (4-F-4t-NeuroP) is a mediator produced by non-enzymatic free radical peroxidation of the cardioprotective polyunsaturated fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). In this study, we investigated whether intra-cardiac delivery of 4-F-4t-NeuroP (0.03 mg/kg) prior to occlusion (ischemia) prevents and protects rat myocardium from reperfusion damages.
Autoantibodies to oxidized low density lipoprotein: the relationship to low density lipoprotein fatty acid composition in diabetes; Autoantibodies to oxidized low density lipoprotein have been shown to be an independent predictor of the progression of carotid atherosclerosis. This study examines the relationship between low density lipoprotein fatty acid composition and autoantibodies to both malondialdehyde-modified and copper-oxidized low density lipoprotein in non-diabetic patients with (n=17), and without (n=18), definite evidence of previous myocardial infarction. The third group were non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients with no evidence of atherosclerosis (n=15) and the fourth group were patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (n=17) who had definite evidence of previous myocardial infarction. Fatty acids were measured by gas-liquid chromatography. Antibodies to malondialdehyde-modified low density lipoprotein and copper-oxidized low density lipoprotein were determined by an ELISA method. Autoantibodies to copper-oxidized low density lipoprotein were significantly higher in the non-diabetic patients with heart disease when compared to any other group (p < 0.05). Autoantibodies to malondialdehyde-modified low density lipoprotein were significantly higher in the non-diabetic subjects with heart disease and in both diabetic groups compared to non-diabetic subjects without coronary heart disease (p < 0.05). Linoleic acid (%) in low density lipoprotein did not differ between groups but arachidonic acid (%) was significantly lower in both diabetic and non-diabetic patients with coronary heart disease (p < 0.05). The diabetic patients with low antibodies had 39.6 +/- 2.2 % polyunsaturated fatty acids in their low density lipoprotein while diabetic patients with high antibodies had 46.7 +/- 1.2 % polyunsaturates in their low density lipoprotein (p < 0.01). This study confirms the association between antibodies to oxidized low density lipoprotein and coronary heart disease and shows raised low density lipoprotein antibody levels in diabetic patients with and without demonstrable atherosclerosis. In the diabetic patients, those with high antibody levels had high polyunsaturated fatty acid levels in their LDL suggesting a possible role for dietary intervention. (C) 1997 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Nutritional Support Reduces Circulating Cytokines in Patients with Heart Failure; Increased inflammation is associated with the pathogenesis of heart failure (HF). Increased circulating levels of cytokines have been previously reported and generally associated with worse clinical outcomes. In this context, the modulation of inflammation-related parameters seems to be a reasonable therapeutic option for improving the clinical course of the disease. Based on this, we aimed to compare changes in circulating cytokines when Mediterranean diet alone or in combination with hypercaloric, hyperproteic oral nutritional supplements (ONS), enriched with omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids were administered to patients with HF. Briefly, patients were randomly assigned to receive Mediterranean Diet (control group) vs. Mediterranean Diet plus ONS (intervention group). We observed increased circulating levels of IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1 and IP-10. MCP-1 and IL-6 were associated with overweight and obesity (p = 0.01-0.01-0.04, respectively); IL-6 and IL-8 were positively correlated with fat mass and CRP serum levels (p = 0.02-0.04, respectively). Circulating levels of IL-8 significantly decreased in all patients treated with the Mediterranean diet, while IL-6 and IP-10 only significantly decreased in patients that received plus ONS. In the univariate analysis, MCP-1 and its combination with IL-6 were associated with increased mortality (p = 0.02), while the multivariate analysis confirmed that MCP-1 was an independent factor for mortality (OR 1.01, 95%ci 1.01-1.02). In conclusion, nutritional support using hypercaloric, hyperproteic, n-3 enriched ONS in combination with Mediterranean Diet was associated with decreased circulating levels of some cytokines and could represent an interesting step for improving heart functionality of patients with HF.
A combined effect of Cavacurcumin, Eicosapentaenoic acid (Omega-3s), Astaxanthin and Gamma elinoleic acid (Omega-6) (CEAG) in healthy volunteers- a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Inflammation plays a key role and is one of the early steps in the pathogenesis of endothelial function, thereby increasing the risk of hypertension (HTN), coronary artery disease (CAD), stroke and several other risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We assessed the efficacy for improving cardiovascular health (blood pressure, inflammation and endothelial reactivity) over a 4-week intervention period in healthy individuals.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN FISH INTAKE AND CORONARY HEART-DISEASE MORTALITY - DIFFERENCES IN NORMOGLYCEMIC AND GLUCOSE INTOLERANT ELDERLY SUBJECTS; OBJECTIVE - To compare the association of habitual fish intake with 17-yr mortality of coronary heart disease between normoglycemic and glucose intolerant elderly subjects.
Association between Diet-Quality Scores, Adiposity, Total Cholesterol and Markers of Nutritional Status in European Adults: Findings from the Food4Me Study; Diet-quality scores (DQS), which are developed across the globe, are used to define adherence to specific eating patterns and have been associated with risk of coronary heart disease and type-II diabetes. We explored the association between five diet-quality scores (Healthy Eating Index, HEI; Alternate Healthy Eating Index, AHEI; MedDietScore, MDS; PREDIMED Mediterranean Diet Score, P-MDS; Dutch Healthy Diet-Index, DHDI) and markers of metabolic health (anthropometry, objective physical activity levels (PAL), and dried blood spot total cholesterol (TC), total carotenoids, and omega-3 index) in the Food4Me cohort, using regression analysis. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated Food Frequency Questionnaire. Participants (n = 1480) were adults recruited from seven European Union (EU) countries. Overall, women had higher HEI and AHEI than men (p < 0.05), and scores varied significantly between countries. For all DQS, higher scores were associated with lower body mass index, lower waist-to-height ratio and waist circumference, and higher total carotenoids and omega-3-index (p trends < 0.05). Higher HEI, AHEI, DHDI, and P-MDS scores were associated with increased daily PAL, moderate and vigorous activity, and reduced sedentary behaviour (p trend < 0.05). We observed no association between DQS and TC. To conclude, higher DQS, which reflect better dietary patterns, were associated with markers of better nutritional status and metabolic health.
Effect of Alcohol Consumption on Survival in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A National Prospective Cohort Study; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) comprises more than two thirds of patients with chronic liver disease in the United States. The effect of alcohol consumption on survival in patients with NAFLD is not clear. We gathered data on National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey participants from 1988 to 2010, and linked them to the National Death Index for follow-up of their survival. We diagnosed NAFLD based on a previously validated biochemical model (Hepatic Steatosis Index). We built multivariate Cox proportional hazards models to evaluate the effect of alcohol consumption on survival of patients with NAFLD. After excluding participants with significant alcohol use, viral hepatitis, or increased transferrin saturation, 4,568 participants with NAFLD were included in the analysis. In a Cox model adjusted for age, sex, and smoking history, drinking 0.5-1.5 drinks per day decreased the risk of overall mortality by 41% (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.59, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.40-0.85, P = 0.005) compared with not drinking. Drinking >= 1.5 drinks per day showed a trend toward harm (HR = 1.16, 95% CI 0.99-1.36, P = 0.119). After further adjustment for race, physical activity, education level, diabetes, and fiber and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, drinking 0.5-1.5 drinks per day continued to show a significant protective effect (HR = 0.64, 95% CI 0.42-0.97, P = 0.035), and drinking >= 1.5 drinks per day showed a significant harmful effect on mortality (HR = 1.45, 95% CI 1.01-2.10, P = 0.047). Among patients with NAFLD, modest alcohol consumption is associated with a significant decrease in all-cause mortality, whereas drinking >= 1.5 drinks per day is associated with an increase in mortality. These results help to inform the discussion of potential risks and benefits of alcohol use in patients with NAFLD.
Construct Validity and Minimal Important Difference of 6-Minute Walk Distance in Survivors of Acute Respiratory Failure; OBJECTIVE: The 6-min walk distance (6MWD), a widely used test of functional capacity, has limited evidence of construct validity among patients surviving acute respiratory failure (ARF) and ARDS. The objective of this study was to examine construct validity and responsiveness and estimate minimal important difference (MID) for the 6MWD in patients surviving ARF/ARDS.
Effect of nutrition on neurodegenerative diseases. A systematic review; Neurodegenerative diseases are characterized by the progressive functional loss of neurons in the brain, causing cognitive impairment and motoneuron disability. Although multifactorial interactions are evident, nutrition plays an essential role in the pathogenesis and evolution of these diseases. A systematic literature search was performed, and the prevalence of studies evaluated the effect of the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet), nutritional support, EPA and DHA, and vitamins on memory and cognition impairment. The data showed that malnutrition and low body mass index (BMI) is correlated with the higher development of dementia and mortality. MeDiet, nutritional support, and calorie-controlled diets play a protective effect against cognitive decline, Alzheimer's disease (AD), Parkinson disease (PD) while malnutrition and insulin resistance represent significant risk factors. Malnutrition activates also the gut-microbiota-brain axis dysfunction that exacerbate neurogenerative process. Omega-3 and -6, and the vitamins supplementation seem to be less effective in protecting neuron degeneration. Insulin activity is a prevalent factor contributing to brain health while malnutrition correlated with the higher development of dementia and mortality.
Alpha-eleostearic acid induces autophagy-dependent cell death through targeting AKT/mTOR and ERK1/2 signal together with the generation of reactive oxygen species; Alpha-eleostearic acid (alpha-ESA, 9Z11E13E-18.3). a linolenic acid isomer with a conjugated triene system. is a natural and biologically-active Compound that has been shown to possess potent anti-tumor properties Herein, we demonstrate alpha-ESA induced apoptosis and autophagy with reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation in HeLa cells Treatment with alpha-ESA caused inhibition of phosphorylated (p)AKT and elongated the sub G1 phase in the cell cycle. indicating induction of apoptosis. Autophagy was also induced by alpha-ESA treatment, causing low pAKT and pP70S6K activities, increasing pERK1/2 and leading to a higher conversion rate of LC3 I to LC3 II compared to that of the control. The autophagy was further confirmed by fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry through monodansylcadavarine (MDC) staining It appears that the role of autophagy is a protective mechanism against cell death in alpha-ESA-treated HeLa cells. Subsequently, we found that treating HeLa cells with alpha-ESA induced the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) The phosphorylation of P70S6K. downstream of mTOR signaling, and AKT were further reduced by pretreatment with N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC), an ROS scavenger, whereas the phosphorylation of ERK1/2 and the conversion of LC3 I to LC3 II were further enhanced As a result, the blocking of the action of ROS promoted alpha-ESA-induced apoptosis and autophagy. Taken together, our results indicate that the generation of ROS by alpha-ESA treatment impedes the progress of apoptosis and excessive autophagy formation which takes part in cell death, thus impeding death promotion. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved
Effects of supplementing with red wine solids on the oxidative status in pigs fed diets with different fatty acid profiles; Introduction - Nutritionists have suggested the partial replacement of the saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in animal diet. However, in the absence of antioxidant protection, PUFAs are subject to lipid peroxidation.
Effects of the Dietary ω3:ω6 Fatty Acid Ratio on Body Fat and Inflammation in Zebrafish (<i>Danio rerio</i>); The diets of populations in industrialized nations have shifted to dramatically increased consumption of omega 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), with a corresponding decrease in the consumption of omega 3 PUFA. This dietary shift may be related to observed increases in obesity, chronic inflammation, and comorbidities in the human population. We examined the effects of omega 3:omega 6 fatty acid ratios in the context of constant total dietary lipid on the growth, total body fat, and responses of key inflammatory markers in adult zebrafish (Danio rerio). Zebrafish were fed diets in which the omega 3:omega 6 PUFA ratios were representative of those in a purported ancestral diet (1:2) and more contemporary Western diets (1:5 and 1:8). After 5 mo, weight gain (fat free mass) of zebrafish was highest for those that received the 1:8 ratio treatment, but total body fat was lowest at this ratio. Measured by quantitative real-time RT-PCR, mRNA levels from liver samples of 3 chronic inflammatory response genes (C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, and vitellogenin) were lowest at the 1:8 ratio. These data provide evidence of the ability to alter zebrafish growth and body composition through the quality of dietary lipid and support the application of this model to investigations of human health and disease related to fat metabolism.
Changes in conjugated linoleic acid and its metabolites in patients with chronic renal failure; Background. Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a mixture of isomers of linoleic acid with conjugated double bonds that constitutes the most abundant fatty acid with conjugated dienes (CDs) in humans. CLA, erroneously considered in the past as a product of lipoperoxidation, has a dietary origin and has shown to possess anticarcinogenic and anti-atherogenic activity, mainly in animal studies. CLA can be metabolized to conjugated linolenic acid (CD18:3) and to conjugated eicosatrienoic acid (CD20:3) and these metabolites may be implicated in CLA activity. Because of the presence of dyslipidemia and the high incidence of cardiovascular and neoplastic diseases in uremic patients, we evaluated CLA and its metabolites in these patients in order to evaluate their metabolism and site distribution.
Endothelial Regenerative Capacity and Aging: Influence of Diet, Exercise and Obesity; Background: The endothelium plays an important role in cardiovascular regulation, from blood flow to platelet aggregation, immune cell infiltration and demargination. A dysfunctional endothelium leads to the onset and progression of Cardiovascular Disease (CVD). The aging endothelium displays significant alterations in function, such as reduced vasomotor functions and reduced angiogenic capabilities. This could be partly due to elevated levels of oxidative stress and reduced endothelial cell turnover. Circulating angiogenic cells, such as Endothelial Progenitor Cells (EPCs) play a significant role in maintaining endothelial health and function, by supporting endothelial cell proliferation, or via incorporation into the vasculature and differentiation into mature endothelial cells. However, these cells are reduced in number and function with age, which may contribute to the elevated CVD risk in this population. However, lifestyle factors, such as exercise, physical activity obesity, and dietary intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, nitrates, and antioxidants, significantly affect the number and function of these circulating angiogenic cells.
Engineering oilseeds to produce nutritional fatty acids; There is a growing body of evidence suggesting that regular consumption of foods rich in omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids has multiple positive health benefits. The fats and oils from marine fish contain high contents of these beneficial fatty acids but increased consumer demand has also increased strain on the ability of the world's fisheries to meet demand from wild capture. Many consumers are choosing fish oil supplements or are eating foods that have been complemented with fish oils instead of consuming fish directly. However, removing undesirable odors, flavors and contaminants is expensive. In contrast, oils derived from land plants such as soybean are inexpensive and contaminant free. Recent strides in plant molecular biology now allow the engineering of oilseeds for the production of novel fats and oils, including those synthesized by complex, multigene biosynthetic pathways such as the omega-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Given the potential benefits to the environment with regards to overfishing and the health prospects of increased consumption of these healthy fatty acids, producing these fatty acids in oilseeds is a desirable and worthy goal. In this review, we will describe the recent advances in this field along with some of the technical hurdles encountered thus far.
Modifying plasma low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol: What combinations are available in the future?; Despite a growing body of research on the benefit of combination drug therapy for dyslipidemia in the metabolic syndrome or diabetes mellitus, there are insufficient outcome data on the use of combination therapy as well as inadequate data to compare certain combination regimens. The focus of the therapeutic approach in treating the metabolic syndrome has been almost exclusively on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol for approximately the past 10 years, and specifically on statin therapy. Although results of epidemiologic studies as well as clinical trials using angiographic and clinical end points confirm the association of LDL cholesterol and risk of coronary artery disease, data are lacking regarding the effects of combination therapy in the management of coronary artery disease. Management of the metabolic syndrome focusing on the modification of plasma LDL,as well as high-density lipoprotein cholesterol is reviewed. Future management strategies with the use of novel combination therapy is also discussed. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association Between Fatty Acid Intakes and Age-Related Macular Degeneration in a Japanese Population: JPHC-NEXT Eye Study; Purpose: To determine the associations between fatty acid intakes and the prevalence of age-related macular degeneration (AMD) under a population-based cross-sectional study. Methods: Residents of Chikusei City aged & GE;40 years underwent systemic and eye screening. AMD was graded according to a modified version of the Age-Related Eye Disease Study classification. Dietary intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire and was adjusted for total energy intake. Results: Altogether, 10,788 eyes of 5394 participants, 2116 men (mean [standard devia-tion (SD)] age, 62.4 [9.4] years) and 3278 women (60.6 [9.5] years), were included. The mean daily total fat intakes were 52.8 g and 59.0 g in men and women, respectively. After adjustments for potential confounders, saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake was inversely associated with the prevalence of any AMD in men (for each energy-adjusted 1-SD increase: odds ratio [OR], 0.86; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.74-1.00). Significant trends were found for decreasing odds ratios of AMD with increasing SFA, monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake (P for trend = 0.02, 0.04, and 0.04, respectively). In women, only a significant association was observed between the second quartile of linolenic acid intake and the prevalence of any AMD (OR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.62-0.99). Conclusions: We found an inverse association of SFA intake and a weak inverse associ-ation of MUFA and PUFA intakes with the prevalence of any AMD in a Japanese popula-tion. Translational Relevance: Adequate fatty acid intake may be necessary to prevent or decelerate AMD.
Changes in cardiovascular risk factors associated with wine consumption in intervention studies in humans; Evidence that links moderate wine consumption to cardiovascular health corresponds mostly to ecological observations. Intervention studies using moderate wine consumption with ischemic heart disease as the end point will probably not be available soon because they require long-term follow-up and adequately randomized experimental groups. In contrast, short-term studies focused on risk factors are feasible and should provide evidence suitable for a critical assessment of the apparent beneficial role of moderate drinking, as well as other lifestyle measures, on cardiovascular health.
The influence of vegetarian and vegan diets on the state of bone mineral density in humans; There are so many literatures about vegetarians being less prone to chronic, noninfectious diseases, which are, however, the main cause of the decline in quality of life and mortality in developed countries. However, according to various scientific sources, vegetarian and especially vegan diets often contain less saturated fats, protein, calcium, vitamins D and B12, or long-chain omega-3 PUFAs. One of the most common pathology associated with a predominantly plant diet is osteopenia and osteoporosis. An analysis of 13 studies has shown that vegetarians and vegans are at a higher risk of reducing of bone mineral density, thereby increasing the incidence of fractures. At the same time, plant-based diets are usually richer in many other micronutrients important for bone health: vitamins C and K, carotenoids, potassium, magnesium, manganese, copper, or silicon. Moreover, with the deepening of our knowledge about the role of nutrients in the body and the features of the nutritional status of the population, the quality of vegetarian and vegan diets also increases. They are less and less prone to micronutrient deficiencies. Recent studies show that BMD, as well as the risk of osteoporotic fractures, at least in vegetarians, equaled these indicators in omnivores.
Does eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) inhibit cerebral vasospasm in patients after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage?; Background - Cerebral vasospasm following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality and recent studies indicate that Rho-kinase plays an important role in the occurrence of such cerebral vasospasm. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, inhibits sphingosylphosphorylcholine (SPC)-induced Rho-kinase activation in vitro, so this study examined whether EPA prevented cerebral vasospasm occurrence after SAH in patients. Methods - The trial population was 101 patients with SAH subjected to craniotomy and clip application. EPA was orally administered at a daily dose of 1800 mg EPA from day 4 to day 14 to 73 patients; the other 28 constituted the control group, receiving no EPA. Results - EPA significantly curtailed both the occurrence of symptomatic vasospasm (14% EPA group, 36% control, P = 0.019) and of cerebral infarction because of cerebral vasospasm (4% EPA group, 29% control, P = 0.001). Moreover, the percentage of patients with a clinically good outcome was significantly higher in the EPA group (85%, P = 0.022) than in control (64%); there were no deaths in the EPA group but three (11%) in control (P = 0.020). Conclusion - These findings suggest EPA inhibits symptomatic cerebral vasospasm and cerebral infarction after SAH and also improves clinical prognosis.
Plasma free fatty acid patterns and their relationship with CVD risk in a male middle-aged population; Background/Objectives: The role of individual fatty acids in the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well established, but the effects of an overall pattern of fatty acids in CVD risk has yet to be elucidated. Circulating fatty acid levels are related to metabolic disturbances associated with the metabolic syndrome and CVD, due to disturbances in the activity of enzymes that catalyse fatty acid desaturation (Delta-desaturases). Therefore, we determined patterns of fatty acids and estimated desaturase activity in plasma and analysed how these patterns were related to a 10-year CVD risk estimates in a middle-aged male population in Northern Ireland.
SUDDEN-INFANT-DEATH-SYNDROME (SIDS) - A TIME-LAG FACTOR; A time lag factor of about five days has been identified in an increased incidence of SIDS in relation to a cold day (1).  Sudden exposure to chilling appeared to trigger skeletal muscle weakness and renal failure about five days later in a man found to have only 25% of normal camitine palmitoyl transferase (CPT) activity in biopsied skeletal muscle (2).  White Muscle Disease is a muscular dystrophy in young ruminants which appears about five days after turnout to pasture in the weaned ruminant raised on a diet deficient in vitamin E and selenium (VESD) (3, 4).  Pasture has high levels of linoleic and linolenic acid (high PUFA diet) which are modified by developing rumen bacteria.  Corbucci (5) investigated the effects of circulatory shock (cardiogenic) on skeletal muscle mitochondrial activity in humans.  Cytochrome oxidase activity fell markedly and, in particular, the capacity to oxidase palmitoyl carnitine was greatly reduced.  He considered a consequence of this disorder was sequestration of carnitine as acyl carnitine which could not be recycled.  Unusual acyl carnitines have been identified in six out of 13 SIDS victims in a USA group (6).  In Finland, researchers (7) identified a rise in SIDS incidence (mostly found in the prone position) after great and rapid temperature changes.  Foster (8) found a relationship between 1984 SIDS incidence and the incidence of goitre in World War I troops.
Lipoprotein (a) is a risk factor of aortic valve calcification in patients with a risk of atherosclerosis; Aortic valve calcification (AVC), which causes aortic stenosis (AS), is more common in elderly persons. Controlling for conventional risk variables did not, however, reduce the incidence of AS. Thus, residual risk factors of AS should be identified. We enrolled 513 patients who underwent coronary angiography with computed tomography because of suspicion of coronary artery disease (CAD) or ruling out of CAD before aortic valve replacement. Calcium volume was calculated with a commercially available application. Conventional and lipid-related risk factors including serum levels of Lp(a) were evaluated for all patients. Calcium volume and Lp(a) levels were significantly higher in patients who underwent aortic valve replacement than in those who did not. A single regression analysis showed that the calcium volume was positively associated with age and the Lp(a) levels and negatively associated with the estimated glomerular filtration rate. No statistical significance was observed for other risk factors, including oxidized low-density lipoprotein, omega-3 fatty acids levels. The multiple regression analysis revealed that age (P < 0.001), female sex (P < 0.05), Lp(a) (P < 0.01), and hemoglobin A1c (P < 0.01) were determinants of the calcium volume. The area under the curve in receiver operating characteristic analysis of Lp(a) for implementation of AVR was 0.65 at an Lp(a) cut-off level of 16 mg/dL. In conclusion, the serum Lp(a) level is a potent risk factor of AVC in patients with high risk of atherosclerosis.
Sex Differences in Atrial Fibrillation Risk The VITAL Rhythm Study; IMPORTANCE Women have a lower incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) compared with men in several studies, but it is unclear whether this sex difference is independent of sex differences in prevalent cardiovascular disease (CVD), body size, and other risk factors.
Increasing dietary linoleic acid does not increase tissue arachidonic acid content in adults consuming Western-type diets: a systematic review; Background: Linoleic acid, with a DRI of 12-17 g/d, is the most highly consumed polyunsaturated fatty acid in the Western diet and is found in virtually all commonly consumed foods. The concern with dietary linoleic acid, being the metabolic precursor of arachidonic acid, is its consumption may enrich tissues with arachidonic acid and contribute to chronic and overproduction of bioactive eicosanoids. However, no systematic review of human trials regarding linoleic acid consumption and subsequent changes in tissue levels of arachidonic acid has been undertaken.
Hyperlipidaemia in diabetes: are there particular considerations for next-generation therapies?; Dyslipidaemias are major cardiovascular risk factors, especially in people with diabetes. In this area, next-generation therapies targeting circulating lipoparticle metabolism (LDL, VLDL, chylomicrons, HDL) have recently been approved by the European and US medical agencies, including anti- proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin 9 (PCSK9) antibodies; an siRNA targeting PCSK9; bempedoic acid, which targets ATP citrate lyase; an antisense oligonucleotide targeting apolipoprotein C-III; an anti-angiopoietin-like 3 antibody; and a purified omega-3 fatty acid, icosapent ethyl. Other therapies are in different phases of development. There are several important considerations concerning the link between these new lipid-lowering therapies and diabetes. First, since concerns were first raised in 2008 about an increased risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus (NODM) with intensive statin treatment, each new lipid-lowering therapy is being evaluated for its associated risk of NODM, particularly in individuals with prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance). Second, people with diabetes represent a large proportion of those at high or very high cardiovascular risk in whom these lipid-lowering drugs are currently, or will be, prescribed. Thus, the efficacy of these drugs in subgroups with diabetes should also be closely considered, as well as any potential effects on glycaemic control. In this review, we describe the efficacy of next-generation therapies targeting lipoprotein metabolism in subgroups of people with diabetes and their effects on glycaemic control in individuals with diabetes and prediabetes and in normoglycaemic individuals.
The opposing effects of <i>n</i>-3 and <i>n</i>-6 fatty acids; Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can be classified in n-3 fatty acids and n-6 fatty acids, and in westernized diet the predominant dietary PUFAs are n-6 fatty acids. Both types of fatty acids are precursors of signaling molecules with opposing effects, that modulate membrane microdomain composition, receptor signaling and gene expression. The predominant n-6 fatty acid is arachidonic acid, which is converted to prostaglandins, leukotrienes and other lipoxygenase or cyclooxygenase products. These products are important regulators of cellular functions with inflammatory, atherogenic and prothrombotic effects. Typical n-3 fatty acids are docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, which are competitive substrates for the enzymes and products of arachidonic acid metabolism. Docosahexaenoic acid- and eicosapentaenoic acid-derived eicosanoids antagonize the pro-inflammatory effects of n-6 fatty acids. n-3 and n-6 fatty acids are ligands/modulators for the nuclear receptors NF kappa B, PPAR and SREBP-1c, which control various genes of inflammatory signaling and lipid metabolism. n-3 Fatty acids down-regulate inflammatory genes and lipid synthesis, and stimulate fatty acid degradation. In addition, the n-3/n-6 PUFA content of cell and organelle membranes, as well as membrane microdomains strongly influences membrane function and numerous cellular processes such as cell death and survival. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Vitamin C consumption is associated with less progression in carotid intima media thickness in elderly men: A 3-year intervention study; Background and aim: Plant foods may tower the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Effect of route of delivery and formulation of postoperative nutritional support in patients undergoing major operations for malignant neoplasms; Objective: To study the effect of the route of delivery and formulation of postoperative nutritional support on host defense, protein metabolism infectious complications, and outcome.
Smoking, plasma antioxidants and essential fatty acids before and after nutratherapy; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of smoking on plasma antioxidants with and without antioxidant vitamin nutratherapy.
Differential protective effects of palmitoleic acid and cAMP on caspase activation and cell viability in pancreatic β-cells exposed to palmitate; Saturated and mono-unsaturated fatty acids exert differential effects on pancreatic beta-cell viability during chronic exposure. Long chain saturated molecules (e.g. palmitate) are cytotoxic to beta-cells and this is associated with caspase activation and induction of apoptosis. By contrast, mono-unsaturated fatty acids (e.g. palmitoleate) are not toxic and can protect against the detrimental effects of palmitate. In the present study, we show that the protective actions of palmitoleate in BRIN-BD11 beta-cells result in attenuated caspase activation following exposure to palmitate and that a similar response occurs in cells having elevated levels of cAMP. However, unlike palmitoleate, elevation of cAMP was unable to prevent the cytotoxic actions of palmitate since it caused a diversion of the pathway of cell death from apoptosis to necrosis. Palmitoleate did not alter cAMP levels in BRIN-BD11 cells and the results suggest that a change in cAMP is not involved in mediating the protective effects of this fatty acid. Moreover, they reveal that attenuated caspase activation does not always correlate with altered cell viability in cultured beta-cells and suggest that mono-unsaturated fatty acids control cell viability by regulating a different step in the apoptotic pathway from that influenced by cAMP.
Childhood Hypertriglyceridemia: Is It Time for a New Approach?; Purpose of Review Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG) is widely prevalent in youth. There is an unmet need for effective medications in the management of HTG in youth. The purpose of this review is to summarize the approach to HTG in acute and chronic settings, and highlight emerging therapies targeted at specific genes, proteins, and enzymes to selectively alter triglyceride (TG) metabolism. Recent Findings Genetic and lifestyle factors play a significant role in the pathophysiology of HTG. Severe elevation of TG poses a risk of acute pancreatitis, while mild-to-moderate HTG increases the risk for premature atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and, increasingly, has been linked with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Although a variety of therapeutic agents are in development, strict adherence to a heart healthy lifestyle, including dietary changes, remain the cornerstone of management for youth with HTG. In addition to lifestyle changes, pharmacological interventions, including fibrates, omega 3 fatty acids, and statins may be considered for management of moderate-to-severe HTG. In view of its association with premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), non-high-density-lipoprotein-C (non-HDL-C) is an important target for therapy in children with moderate HTG. Management of HTG is dependent on its etiology, concomitant symptoms, and degree of TG elevation. The last two decades have seen remarkable changes in drug development, specifically those that act through the lipoprotein lipase complex, including new targeted treatments such as inhibitors of apolipoprotein C3 and angiopoietin-like protein 3.
TMEM164 is an acyltransferase that forms ferroptotic C20:4 ether phospholipids; Ferroptosis is an iron-dependent form of cell death driven by oxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) phospholipids. Large-scale genetic screens have uncovered a specialized role for PUFA ether phospholipids (ePLs) in promoting ferroptosis. Understanding of the enzymes involved in PUFA-ePL production, however, remains incomplete. Here we show, using a combination of pathway mining of genetic dependency maps, AlphaFold-guided structure predictions and targeted lipidomics, that the uncharacterized transmembrane protein TMEM164-the genetic ablation of which has been shown to protect cells from ferroptosis-is a cysteine active center enzyme that selectively transfers C20:4 acyl chains from phosphatidylcholine to lyso-ePLs to produce PUFA ePLs. Genetic deletion of TMEM164 across a set of ferroptosis-sensitive cancer cell lines caused selective reductions in C20:4 ePLs with minimal effects on C20:4 diacyl PLs, and this lipid profile produced a variable range of protection from ferroptosis, supportive of an important but contextualized role for C20:4 ePLs in this form of cell death.
Fish Oil Derivatives in Hypertriglyceridemia: Mechanism and Cardiovascular Prevention: What Do Studies Say?; Hypertriglyceridemia is a type of dyslipide-mia characterized by high triglyceride levels in the blood and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Conventional management includes antilipidemic medications such as statins, lowering LDL and triglyc-eride levels as well as raising HDL levels. However, the treatment may be stratified using omega-3 fatty acid supplements such as eicosatetraenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), aka fish oil derivatives. Studies have shown that fish oil supplements reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases; however, the underlying mechanism and the extent of reduction in CVD need more clarification. Our paper aims to review the clinical trials and observational studies in the current literature, investigating the use of fish oil and its benefits on the cardiovascular system as well as the proposed underlying mechanism. (Curr Probl Car-diol 2024;49:102066.)
Fluorescent adducts formed by reaction of oxidized unsaturated fatty acids with amines increase macrophage viability; Macrophages are prominent components of human atherosclerotic lesions and they are believed to accelerate the progression and/or complications of both early and advanced atherosclerotic lesions. We and others have shown that oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) induces growth and inhibits apoptosis in murine bone marrow-derived macrophages. In this study, we sought to characterize the oxidative modification of LDL that is responsible for this prosurvival effect. We found that both the modified lipid and the modified protein components of oxLDL can increase the viability of macrophages. The key modification appeared to involve derivatization of amino groups in apoB or in phosphatidylethanolamine by lipid peroxidation products. These reactive oxidation products were primarily unfragmented hydroperoxide- or endoperoxide-containing oxidation products of linoleic acid or arachidonic acid. LC-MS/MS studies showed that some of the arachidonic acid-derived lysine adducts were isolevuglandins that contain lactam and hydroxylactam rings. MS/MS analysis of linoleic acid autoxidation adducts was consistent with 5- or 6-membered nitrogen-containing heterocycles derived from unfragmented oxidation products. The amine modification by oxidation products generated a fluorescence pattern with an excitation maximum at 350 nm and emission maximum at 430 nm. This is very similar to the fluorescence spectrum of copper-oxidized LDL. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
An Involvement of PI3-K/Akt Activation and Inhibition of AIF Translocation in Neuroprotective Effects of Undecylenic Acid (UDA) Against Pro-Apoptotic Factors-Induced Cell Death in Human Neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y Cells; Undecylenic acid (UDA), a naturally occurring 11-carbon unsaturated fatty acid, has been used for several years as an economical antifungal agent and a nutritional supplement. Recently, the potential usefulness of UDA as a neuroprotective drug has been suggested based on the ability of this agent to inhibit -calpain activity. In order to verify neuroprotective potential of UDA, we tested protective efficacy of this compound against cell damage evoked by pro-apoptotic factors (staurosporine and doxorubicin) and oxidative stress (hydrogen peroxide) in human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells. We showed that UDA partially protected SH-SY5Y cells against the staurosporine- and doxorubicin-evoked cell death; however, this effect was not connected with its influence on caspase-3 activity. UDA decreased the St-induced changes in mitochondrial and cytosolic AIF level, whereas in Dox-model it affected only the cytosolic AIF content. Moreover, UDA (1-40M) decreased the hydrogen peroxide-induced cell damage which was connected with attenuation of hydrogen peroxide-mediated necrotic (PI staining, ADP/ATP ratio) and apoptotic (mitochondrial membrane potential, caspase-3 activation, AIF translocation) changes. Finally, we demonstrated that an inhibitor of PI3-K/Akt (LY294002) but not MAPK/ERK1/2 (U0126) pathway blocked the protection mediated by UDA in all tested models of SH-SY5Y cell injury. These in vitro data point to UDA as potentially effective neuroprotectant the utility of which should be further validated in animal studies. J. Cell. Biochem. 116: 2882-2895, 2015. (c) 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
DOES FISH-OIL LOWER BLOOD-PRESSURE - A METAANALYSIS OF CONTROLLED TRIALS; Background. In a meta-analysis of 31 placebo-controlled trials on 1356 subjects, we examined the effect of omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil on blood pressure by grouping studies that were similar in fish oil dose, length of treatment, health of the subjects, or study design.
Pediatric Obesity: An Inflammatory Condition?; Childhood obesity has grown at an alarming rate, and concomitant with this rise there is an increasing prevalence of metabolic risk factors in young children and adolescents. These metabolic risk factors include elevated circulating triglycerides and low levels of high-density lipoprotein, but also an increase in inflammatory biomarkers such as C-reactive protein and interleukin-6. Each of these factors has been associated with the development of chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Recent research has indicated that dietary modifications such as increased intakes of antioxidants or omega-3 fatty acids or increased physical activity and physical fitness may independently modify the inflammation associated with excess adiposity. Additional research on the impact of diet and exercise on inflammation in children is warranted, especially studies that arc prospective in nature. Finally, current biomarkers of inflammation may not be sensitive enough to detect metabolic risk in youth, and novel biomarkers may be needed to detect the subtle changes in inflammation clue to diet and physical activity modifications. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Man 2008;32:633-637)
Long chain W3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipid pattern in the mother and the newborn infant; We studied 162 mother-neonate pairs to determine the relationship between w3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (w3LCP) intake during pregnancy and their levels in the mother and the neonate, and the general lipid pattern in the mother and the neonate, A dietetic interview was performed to assess the w3LCP intake during pregnancy. In both mothers and neonates we studied the w3LCPs in plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and also the general lipid profile (total cholesterol, HDL-c, LDL-c, triglycerides, apo A1 and apo B). The w3LCP intake assessed by the dietetic interview (0.74 +/- 0.52 g/day) did not correlated with any of the parameters of the general lipid pattern in mothers or neonates. In mothers, the w3LCP levels in plasma expressed in percentages showed a positive correlation with apo A1 and HDL-c, and a negative correlation with triglycerides and apo B. The w3LCPs levels in mothers showed an inconsistent and weak correlation with triglycerides and apo B in neonates. When w3LCPs levels were assessed in the neonates themselves a consistent positive correlation was found with triglycerides. We concluded that in the dietetic range of our population, the intake of w3LCPs was not associated to any changes in the general lipid pattern of mothers or neonates. Whereas the w3LCP levels in mothers were correlated with the changes in the general lipid pattern reported outside pregnancy, such correlations were not present in regard to the neonate general profile, whereas the newborn's w3LCP levels were correlated with triglycerides. We belive that the hypertriglyceridemia of pregnancy the placenta and the peculiarities of fetal metabolism are the causes of the aforementioned findings.
Dietary Intake and Food Sources of EPA, DPA and DHA in Australian Children; Secondary analysis of the 2007 Australian National Children's Nutrition and Physical Activity survey was undertaken to assess the intake and food sources of EPA, DPA and DHA (excluding supplements) in 4,487 children aged 2-16 years. An average of two 24-h dietary recalls was analysed for each child and food sources of EPA, DPA and DHA were assessed using the Australian nutrient composition database called AUSNUT 2007. Median (inter quartile range, IQR) for EPA, DPA and DHA intakes (mg/day) for 2-3, 4-8, 9-13, 14-16 year were: EPA 5.3 (1.5-14), 6.7 (1.8-18), 8.7 (2.6-23), 9.8 (2.7-28) respectively; DPA 6.2 (2.2-14), 8.2 (3.3-18), 10.8 (4.3-24), 12.2 (5-29) respectively; and DHA 3.9 (0.6-24), 5.1 (0.9-26), 6.8 (1.1-27), 7.8 (1.5-33) respectively. Energy-adjusted intakes of EPA, DPA and DHA in children who ate fish were 7.5, 2 and 16-fold higher, respectively (P < 0.001) compared to those who did not eat fish during the 2 days of the survey. Intake of total long chain n-3 PUFA was compared to the energy adjusted suggested dietary target (SDT) for Australian children and 20 % of children who ate fish during the 2 days of the survey met the SDT. Fish and seafood products were the largest contributors to DHA (76 %) and EPA (59 %) intake, while meat, poultry and game contributed to 56 % DPA. Meat consumption was 8.5 times greater than that for fish/seafood. Australian children do not consume the recommended amounts of long chain omega-3 fatty acids, especially DHA, which could be explained by low fish consumption.
Eating ourselves to death (and despair): The contribution of adiposity and inflammation to depression; Obesity and related metabolic conditions are of epidemic proportions in most of the world, affecting both adults and children. The accumulation of lipids in the body in the form of white adipose tissue in the abdomen is now known to activate innate immune mechanisms. Lipid accumulation causes adipocytes to directly secrete the cytokines interleukin (IL) 6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), but also monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1), which results in the accumulation of leukocytes in fat tissue. This sets up a chronic inflammatory state which is known to mediate the association between obesity and conditions such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancer. There is also a substantial literature linking inflammation with risk for depression. This includes the observations that: (1) people with inflammatory diseases such as multiple sclerosis, cardiovascular disease, and psoriasis have elevated rates of depression; (2) many people administered inflammatory cytokines such as interferon alpha develop depression that is indistinguishable from depression in non-medically ill populations; (3) a significant proportion of depressed persons show upregulation of inflammatory factors such as IL-6, C-reactive protein, and TNF alpha; (4) inflammatory cytokines can interact with virtually every pathophysiologic domain relevant to depression, including neurotransmitter metabolism, neuroendocrine function, and synaptic plasticity. While many factors may contribute to the association between inflammatory mediators and depression, we hypothesize that increased adiposity may be one causal pathway. Mediational analysis suggests a bi-directional association between adiposity and depression, with inflammation possibly playing an intermediary role. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
COMMON CARP RESPONSE TO THE DIFFERENT CONCENTRATION OF LINSEED OIL IN DIET; Common carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) fingerlings were fed five diets in triplicate containing 0, 2, 3, 4 and 5% of linseed oil for 75 days to determine the effect of the different concentration of linseed oil on growth parameters, as well as on the proximate and fatty acid composition of the fish flesh. The fish had the average initial weight of 200 g and were stocked in 15 cages. The fish which were fed with the diets supplemented with 3, 4 and 5% linseed oil had significantly better growth parameters compared to the fish fed with the diets supplemented with 0 or 2% linseed oil. The lipid content in muscle increased from 1.25% in the control group without the addition of linseed oil, to 1.46%; 1.56%; 1.94% and 2.37% in the groups of fish fed with the diets supplemented with 2, 3, 4 and 5% linseed oil, respectively. The fatty acid profiles in the muscle tissue reflected the diet concentrations with significant increases (p<0.05) in 18:3n-3 in the fish fed with the diets supplemented with 2, 3, 4 and 5% of linseed oil. Other fatty acids which increased significantly(p<0.05) in the muscle tissue, of fish fed with the diets supplemented with linseed oil, were: eicosatrienoic acid (C20:3n-3), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5n-3), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, C22:5n-3), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6n-3), as well as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), total n-3 fatty acids, and the n-3/n-6 ratio. The fatty acids which decreased significantly (p<0.05) were monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) as well as linoleic acid (LA, C18:2n-6). The fish fed with the diet supplemented with 5% of linseed oil had three times more the n-3 fatty acids (24.02%) than those from the control group (7.5%). The n-3/n6 ratio ranged from 0.59 in fish from the control group to 4.14 in fish fed with the diet supplemented with 5% of linseed oil, mainly due to the difference in content of the alfa-linolenic acid (ALA, C18:3n-3). The inclusion of 5% linseed oil in diets showed the most favourable effects on the content of essential fatty acids in the tissue of carp as well as on other tested parameters.
Progress toward the production of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in transgenic plants; Long-chain PUFA such as eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids are prevalent in fish oils, and these compounds have been demonstrated to play important roles in human health and nutrition. In particular, these n-3/omega-3 long-chain PUFA provide protection from cardiovascular disease and a collection of symptoms (termed metabolic syndrome) associated with progression toward type 2 diabetes and obesity. Within Western populations, a large increase in the occurrence of these conditions represents a major public health concern. Unfortunately, both marine fish stocks and (consequentially) consumption of fish oils are in steep decline, limiting the protective role of long-chain PUFA in human health. One alternative approach to the provision of these health-beneficial FA is via their synthesis in transgenic plants. This review will describe recent advances in the production of transgenic plant oils nutritionally enhanced to produce long-chain PUFA.
Can essential fatty acids reduce the burden of disease(s)?; Coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cancer, depression schizophrenia, Alzheimer's disease, and collagen vascular diseases are low-grade systemic inflammatory conditions that are a severe burden on health care resources. Essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their metabolites: eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), and arachidonic acid (AA) and their products: prostaglandin E-1, prostacyclin, lipoxins, resolvins, and protectins suppress inflammation, augment healing, and are of benefit in the prevention and management of these conditions. Hence, supplementation of EFAs could reduce burden of these disease(s).
Genome-wide association study of fish oil supplementation on lipid traits in 81,246 individuals reveals new gene-diet interaction loci; Fish oil supplementation is widely used for reducing serum triglycerides (TAGs) but has mixed effects on other circulating cardiovascular biomarkers. Many genetic polymorphisms have been associated with blood lipids, including high- and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C, LDL-C), total cholesterol, and TAGs. Here, the gene-diet interaction effects of fish oil supplementation on these lipids were analyzed in a discovery cohort of up to 73,962 UK Biobank participants, using a 1-degree-of-freedom (1df) test for interaction effects and a 2-degrees-of-freedom (2df) test to jointly analyze interaction and main effects. Associations with P < 1x10(-6) in either test (26,157; 18,300 unique variants) were advanced to replication in up to 7,284 participants from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Replicated associations reaching 1df P < 0.05 (2,175; 1,763 unique variants) were used in meta-analyses. We found 13 replicated and 159 non-replicated (UK Biobank only) loci with significant 2df joint tests that were predominantly driven by main effects and have been previously reported. Four novel interaction loci were identified with 1df P < 5x10(-8) in meta-analysis. The lead variant in the GJB6-GJB2-GJA3 gene cluster, rs112803755 (A>G; minor allele frequency = 0.041), shows exclusively interaction effects. The minor allele is significantly associated with decreased TAGs in individuals with fish oil supplementation, but with increased TAGs in those without supplementation. This locus is significantly associated with higher GJB2 expression of connexin 26 in adipose tissue; connexin activity is known to change upon exposure to omega-3 fatty acids. Significant interaction effects were also found in three other loci in the genes SLC12A3 (HDL-C), ABCA6 (LDL-C), and MLXIPL (LDL-C), but highly significant main effects are also present. Our study identifies novel gene-diet interaction effects for four genetic loci, whose effects on blood lipids are modified by fish oil supplementation. These findings highlight the need and possibility for personalized nutrition.
EFFECTS OF FERROUS CHLORIDE AND IRON-DEXTRAN ON LIPID-PEROXIDATION INVIVO IN VITAMIN-E AND SELENIUM ADEQUATE AND DEFICIENT RATS; The effects of i.p. injected FeCl2 chloride and iron-dextran on lipid peroxidation in vivo were assessed. Peroxidation was estimated by measuring ethane, a volatile autoxidation product of omega-3-unsaturated fatty acids. Rats supplemented with 0.1 ppm dietary Se and rats supplemented with 0.1 ppm Se and 200 IU vitamin E/kg diet were injected with FeCl2 at 30 mg Fe/kg, or with NaCl, or left uninjected. In both dietary groups FeCl2 increased ethane production while NaCl did not, but the Fe caused ethane increase was 8 times greater in the low E group. Iron-dextran injected at 500 mg Fe/kg was fatal to rats fed a basal diet deficient in Se and vitamin E or a diet supplemented with 0.5 ppm Se; supplemental vitamin E at 200 IU/kg diet prevented this mortality. Iron-dextran quadrupled ethane production in rats fed the basal diet and tripled ethane production in rats fed the Se-supplemented diet. Vitamin E supplementation prevented the iron-dextran-caused rise in ethane production. A histological examination of rats killed by iron-dextran showed severe generalized necrosis of the diaphragm and severe focal necrosis of thigh muscle. Vitamin E protected more effectively than Se against iron-dextran-caused peroxidation as well as against acute iron-dextran-caused mortality.
Contrasting effect of fish oil supplementation on the development of atherosclerosis in murine models; Objective: Increased fish oil intake is associated with protection against coronary heart disease and sudden death, while effects on atherosclerosis are controversial. We explored the effects of supplementing fish oil (rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, PUFA) or corn oil (rich in n-6 PUFA) in two different models of atherosclerosis.
Results of intensive long-term treatment of familial hypercholesterolemia; Fifty-seven patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) with mean age of 48 years (range 30 to 69), participated in a follow-up examination 5.5 years after the completion of a 1-year trial with lovastatin, cholestyramine, probucol, or omega-3 fatty acids. The goals were to record quality of life, compliance to treatment, adverse effects, and clinical outcome. The quality of life was similar to that in a Norwegian reference population, The factors causing most distress to patients were keeping a diet low in saturated fats, taking medication, and fear of death, The medication was mostly prescribed in maximum dosages. At follow-up, the reduction in total cholesterol was 36% (p <0.05), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol 38% (p <0.05), triglycerides 20% (p <0.05) compared with being on diet therapy only, High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol increased 8% (p <0.05). Intake of saturated and monounsaturated fat increased 1.5% and 1.7% (p <0.05), respectively; polyunsaturated fat was unchanged, Three patients experienced myocardial infarction, of whom 2 died and 1 developed angina pectoris. Before the start of lovastatin treatment, 27 coronary events occured per 1,000 patient-years in this group compared with 12 events per 1,000 patient-years thereafter, OF 28 patients reporting adverse events, 4 discontinued lovastatin and 3 discontinued cholestyramine. Several practical and psychological difficulties were associated with FH. Long-term intensive lipid-lowering therapy was possible in FH outpatients without loss of effect and with good compliance to therapy, Intensive therapy, today is, however, not sufficient for many FH patients to reach a therapeutic goal of LDL cholesterol <4.0 mmol/L. More potent lipid-lowering agents are needed. (C) 1996 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
X chromosome dosage drives statin-induced dysglycemia and mitochondrial dysfunction; Statin drugs lower blood cholesterol levels for cardiovascular disease prevention. Women are more likely than men to experience adverse statin effects, particularly new-onset diabetes (NOD) and muscle weakness. Here we find that impaired glucose homeostasis and muscle weakness in statin-treated female mice are associated with reduced levels of the omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), impaired redox tone, and reduced mitochondrial respiration. Statin adverse effects are prevented in females by administering fish oil as a source of DHA, by reducing dosage of the X chromosome or the Kdm5c gene, which escapes X chromosome inactivation and is normally expressed at higher levels in females than males. As seen in female mice, we find that women experience more severe reductions than men in DHA levels after statin administration, and that DHA levels are inversely correlated with glucose levels. Furthermore, induced pluripotent stem cells from women who developed NOD exhibit impaired mitochondrial function when treated with statin, whereas cells from men do not. These studies identify X chromosome dosage as a genetic risk factor for statin adverse effects and suggest DHA supplementation as a preventive co-therapy.
Serum fatty acid profiles in breast cancer patients following treatment; BackgroundBreast cancer is associated with alterations in lipid metabolism. The treatment of breast cancer can also affect serum lipid composition. The purpose of this study was the examination of serum fatty acids (FAs) profiles in breast cancer survivors to assess if the FA levels normalize.MethodsSerum levels of FAs were determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in a group of breast cancer patients at baseline (before treatment, n = 28), at two follow-up visits at 12 months (n = 27) and 24 months (n = 19) after the breast cancer resection, and in the group of healthy controls (n = 25). Multivariate analysis was performed to assess how FA serum profile changes following treatment.ResultsBreast cancer patients' serum FA profiles at follow-ups did not normalize to the levels of control group. The greatest differences were found for levels of branched-chain (BCFA), odd-chain (OCFA) and polyunsaturated (PUFAs) FAs, all of which were significantly increased 12 months after the surgery.ConclusionsAfter treatment for breast cancer, the patients' serum FA profile differs from the profile before treatment and from controls, especially 12 months after treatment. Some changes may be beneficial - increased BCFA and OCFA levels, and improved n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio. This may reflect lifestyle changes in breast cancer survivors and have an impact on the risk of recurrence.
Glucose promotes membrane cholesterol crystalline domain formation by lipid peroxidation; Oxidative damage to vascular cell membrane phospholipids causes physicochemical changes in membrane structure and lipid organization, contributing to atherogenesis. Oxidative stress combined with hyperglycemia has been shown to further increase the risk of vascular and metabolic diseases. In this study, the effects of glucose on oxidative stress-induced cholesterol domain formation were tested in model membranes containing polyunsaturated fatty acids and physiologic levels of cholesterol. Membrane structural changes, including cholesterol domain formation, were characterized by small angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) analysis and correlated with spectrophotometrically-determined lipid hydroperoxide levels. Glucose treatment resulted in a concentration-dependent increase in lipid hydroperoxide formation, which correlated with the formation of highly-ordered cholesterol crystalline domains (unit cell periodicity of 34 angstrom) as well as a decrease in overall membrane bilayer width. The effect of glucose on lipid peroxidation was further enhanced by increased levels of cholesterol. Treatment with free radical-scavenging agents inhibited the biochemical and structural effects of glucose, even at elevated cholesterol levels. These data demonstrate that glucose promotes changes in membrane organization, including cholesterol crystal formation, through lipid peroxidation. (c) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Tumorigenic effect mediated by ROS/eicosanoids and their regulation on TP53 expression in a murine mammary gland adenocarcinoma; The aim of this study was to investigate the in vivo and in vitro effects of dietary co-6 and co-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and their derivatives on the expression of TP53 and their relationship with cellular proliferation and death in a murine mammary adenocarcinoma model. BALB/c mice were divided in three diet groups: chia oil (ChO) rich in co-3, corn oil (CO) rich in co-6/co-3 and safflower oil (SO) rich in co-6 and subcutaneously inoculated with LMM3 mammary tumor cell line. Results demonstrated that diets with higher concentration of omega-6 PUFAs induced an increment of linoleic and arachidonic acid on tumor cell membranes increasing ROS liberation, 12(S)-HHT generation, TP53, Ki67 expression and cell proliferation. However, diets enriched with high content in omega-3 PUFAs induced higher tumor cell apoptosis and tumor infiltration of CD3+ lymphocytes, lowest cell viability and proliferation. Dietary omega-3 PUFAs nutritional intervention can be used as a potential preventative strategy to inhibit the molecular signaling pathways involved in the mammary tumor growth process as the TP53.
Trends in Complementary and Alternative Medicine Use among Patients with Prostate Cancer; Purpose: We explored the prevalence and trends of self-reported complementary and alternative medicine use among patients with prostate cancer using CaPSURE (TM) (Cancer of the Prostate Strategic Urologic Research Endeavor).
Blood Levels of Endocannabinoids, Oxylipins, and Metabolites Are Altered in Hemodialysis Patients; Hemodialysis patients (HDPs) have higher blood pressure, higher levels of inflammation, a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, and unusually low plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels compared to healthy subjects. The objective of our investigation was to examine the levels of endocannabinoids (eCBs) and oxylipins (OxLs) in female HDPs compared to healthy matched female controls, with the underlying hypothesis that differences in specific PUFA levels in hemodialysis patients would result in changes in eCBs and OxLs. Plasma phospholipid fatty acids were analyzed by gas chromatography. Plasma was extracted and analyzed using ultra-performance liquid chromatography followed by electrospray ionization and tandem MS for eCBs and OxLs. The global untargeted metabolite profiling of plasma was performed by GCTOF MS. Compared to the controls, HDPs showed lower levels of plasma EPA and the associated OxL metabolites 5- and 12-HEPE, 14,15-DiHETE, as well as DHA derived 19(20)-EpDPE. Meanwhile, no changes in arachidonylethanolamide or 2-arachidonylglycerol in the open circulation were detected. Higher levels of multiple N-acylethanolamides, monoacylglycerols, biomarkers of progressive kidney disease, the nitric oxide metabolism-linked citrulline, and the uremic toxins kynurenine and creatine were observed in HDP. These metabolic differences in cCBs and OxLs help explain the severe inflammatory and cardiovascular disease manifested by HDPs, and they should be explored in future studies.
Energy-stress-mediated AMPK activation inhibits ferroptosis; Energy stress depletes ATP and induces cell death. Here we identify an unexpected inhibitory role of energy stress on ferroptosis, a form of regulated cell death induced by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation. We found that ferroptotic cell death and lipid peroxidation can be inhibited by treatments that induce or mimic energy stress. Inactivation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a sensor of cellular energy status, largely abolishes the protective effects of energy stress on ferroptosis in vitro and on ferroptosis-associated renal ischaemia-reperfusion injury in vivo. Cancer cells with high basal AMPK activation are resistant to ferroptosis and AMPK inactivation sensitizes these cells to ferroptosis. Functional and lipidomic analyses further link AMPK regulation of ferroptosis to AMPK-mediated phosphorylation of acetyl-CoA carboxylase and polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis. Our study demonstrates that energy stress inhibits ferroptosis partly through AMPK and reveals an unexpected coupling between ferroptosis and AMPK-mediated energy-stress signalling.
Inflammation and Cancer: Chemical Approaches to Mechanisms, Imaging, and Treatment; The inflammatory response represents a first line of defense against invading pathogens and is important to human health. Chronic inflammation contributes to the etiology of multiple diseases, especially those associated with aging, such as cancer and cardiovascular disease. The chemistry of the inflammatory response is complex and involves the generation of highly reactive oxidants and electrophiles designed to kill the pathogen as well as the release of small molecule and protein mediators of intercellular signaling, chemotaxis, vasoconstriction, and wound-healing. Oxidation of unsaturated fatty acids-either nonenzymatic or enzymatic-contributes to the inflammatory response and associated cellular pathologies. The current perspective summarizes our research on unsaturated fatty acid oxidation in the context of inflammation and cancer. In addition to understanding the consequences of DNA and protein modification by lipid electrophiles, our research has focused on the development of molecularly targeted agents to image and treat cancer.
Seasonal variations on total fatty acid composition of fillets of zander (<i>Sander lucioperca</i>) in Beysehir Lake (Turkey); Seasonal variations on total fatty acid compositions of zander, Sander lucioperca in Beysehir Lake, were determined by using GC. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) were found to be higher than saturated (SFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) in all seasons. Palmitic acid was the major SFA (57.0-64.0% of total SFA) in all seasons. Oleic acid was identified as the major MUFA (45.0-58.0% of total MUFAs). Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), linoleic acid (LA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and arachidonic acid (AA) were the most abundant PUFA. Relating to the total fatty acid composition of zander, the percentages of DHA, LA, AA, and EPA ranged between 17.1-23.3%, 5.40-15.4%, 6.72-9.94% and 4.22-5.93% of total lipid, respectively. The percentages of total omega 3 fatty acid were higher than those of total omega 6 fatty acid in the fatty acid composition of zander with omega 3/omega 6 ratios of 1.49, 1.45, 1.22, 0.72 in spring, autumn, winter, and summer, respectively. It was shown that the fatty acid composition and omega 3/omega 6 fatty acids ratio in the muscle of zander were significantly influenced by spawning and season. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Health-Related Behavior and Nutrition Intake on the Blood Lipids Levels; Preventing hyperlipidemia remains of critical importance as one of the main risk factors for cardiovascular disease, which is the leading cause of death every year. Therefore, the present study investigated the effect of health-related behavior and nutritional intake on blood lipid levels in adult men and women. Survey data from the 2019 National Health and Nutrition Examination conducted by the Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency on 6,606 adults were analyzed to evaluate the effect of drinking, smoking, exercise, and nutrient intake on blood cholesterol, triglyceride, and HDL cholesterol. Blood total cholesterol showed significant differences in the mean based on the level of drinking (P < 0.05), and blood HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride showed significant differences in the mean levels of drinking, smoking, and exercise (P < 0.001). In regression analysis, blood total cholesterol was significantly affected by body mass index (BMI), education level, and menopause (P < 0.01, P < 0.001). Blood HDL-cholesterol was significantly affected by BMI, menopause, drinking, smoking, exercise, dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids, and dietary cholesterol (P < 0.05, p < 0.01, P < 0.001), and blood triglyceride level was significantly affected by BMI, menopause, smoking, and exercise (P < 0.05, P < 0.001). Obesity, exercise, eating habits, smoking, and women's menopause were the main factors contributing to hyperlipidemia, so awareness of these factors should be raised.
Plasma Fatty Acids in Zambian Adults with HIV/AIDS: Relation to Dietary Intake and Cardiovascular Risk Factors; Objective. To determine whether 24 hr dietary recalls (DR) are a good measure of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake when compared to plasma levels, and whether plasma PUFA is associated with markers of HIV/AIDS progression and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Methods. In a cross-sectional study among 210 antiretroviral therapy-naive HIV-infected adults from Lusaka, Zambia, we collected data on medical history and dietary intake using 24 hr DR. We measured fatty acids and markers of AIDS progression and CVD risk in fasting plasma collected at baseline. Results. PUFA intakes showed modest correlations with corresponding plasma levels; Spearman correlations were 0.36 (p < 0.01) for eicosapentaenoic acid and 0.21 (p = 0.005) for docosahexaenoic acid. While there were no significant associations (p > 0.05) between total plasma PUFA and C-reactive protein (CRP) or lipid levels, plasma arachidonic acid was inversely associated with CRP and triglycerides and positively associated with HDL-C, CD4+ T-cell count, and plasma albumin (p < 0.05). Plasma saturated fatty acids (SFA) were positively associated with CRP (beta = 0.24; 95% CI: 0.08 to 0.40, p = 0.003) and triglycerides (beta = 0.08; 95% CI: 0.03 to 0.12,p < 0.01). Conclusions. Our data suggest that a single DR is inadequate for assessing PUFA intake and that plasma arachidonic acid levels may modulate HIV/AIDS progression and CVD risk.
Macronutrient and micronutrient requirements and therapeutic effects in critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2: A narrative review; BackgroundCOVID-19 can lead to critical illness and induce hypermetabolism, protein catabolism, and inflammation. These pathological processes may alter energy and protein requirements, and certain micronutrients may attenuate the associated detriments. This narrative review summarizes the macronutrient and micronutrient requirements and therapeutic effects in critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2. MethodsWe searched four databases for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and studies that measured macronutrient and micronutrient requirements, published from February 2020 to September 2022. ResultsTen articles reported on energy and protein requirements, and five articles reported the therapeutic effects of omega-3 (n = 1), group B vitamins (n = 1), and vitamin C (n = 3). Patients' resting energy expenditure gradually increased with time, measuring approximately 20 kcal/kg body weight (BW), 25 kcal/kg BW, and 30 kcal/kg BW for the first, second, and third week onwards, respectively. Patients remained in negative nitrogen balances in the first week, and a protein intake of >= 1.5 g/kg BW may be necessary to achieve nitrogen equilibrium. Preliminary evidence suggests that omega-3 fatty acids may protect against renal and respiratory impairments. The therapeutic effects of group B vitamins and vitamin C cannot be ascertained, although intravenous vitamin C appears promising in reducing mortality and inflammation. ConclusionThere are no RCTs to guide the optimal dose of energy and protein in critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2. Additional larger-scale, well-designed RCTs are needed to elucidate the therapeutic effects of omega-3, group B vitamins, and vitamin C.
Environmental contaminants and redox status of coenzyme Q10 and vitamin E in Inuit from Nunavik; The Inuit are heavily exposed to potentially prooxidant contaminants such as methylmereury (MeHg) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) through their traditional diet. This diet is also an abundant source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), selenium, and antioxidants, which might reduce cardiovascular risk. Although Inuit from Nunavik have low concentrations of plasma oxidized low-density lipoprotein (OxLDL) and elevated glutathione-related antioxidant defenses, the variance in OxLDL was predicted by PCB and blood glutathione, leaving the issue of contaminant-associated oxidative stress unresolved. The objective of the study was to assess oxidative stress in these Inuit by measuring the plasma concentrations and redox states of g.-tocopherol and coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10), 2 sensitive biomarkers of oxidative stress, in relation to exposure. Plasma lipophilic antioxidants were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography-coupled electrochemical detection; and their relations to PCB, MeHg, n-3 PUFA, selenium, and OxLDL were assessed by multivariate analyses. Ubiquinol-10, ubiquinone-10, and ubiquinone-10 to COQ10(total) ratio were elevated as compared with white populations but showed no associations with PCB, MeHg, or n-3 PUFA. Ubiquinol-10 (beta=.23, P.007) and CoQ10(total) (beta=.27, P =.009) were predicted by blood selenium; and alpha-tocopherol, by PCB (beta= 4.12, P=.0002), n-3 PUFA (beta=9.16, P=.02), and OxLDL (beta= 3.04, P =.05). Unexpectedly, the alpha-tocopheryl quinone to alpha-tocopherol ratio, in the reference range, was negatively predicted by PCB (beta = -0.41, P =.02). Using sensitive biomarkers of redox alterations, we found no evidence for MeHg- or PCB-associated oxidative stress in these Inuit. However, despite robust blood antioxidant defenses, the unusually elevated ubiquinone-10 to CoQ10(total) ratio (0.21 +/- 10.11) suggests some form of oxidative stress of unknown origin. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF FISH-OIL FATTY-ACIDS ON LOW-DENSITY-LIPOPROTEIN SIZE, OXIDIZABILITY, AND UPTAKE BY MACROPHAGES; The effect of fish oil and corn oil supplementation on plasma lipids and lipoproteins and on low density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation was examined in 20 treated hypertensive subjects. The randomized double-blind crossover study consisted of two 6-week interventions with 4 g/day of a highly purified fish oil or corn oil. Fish oil significantly (-24%, P < 0.01) reduced plasma triglyceride, and increased LDL-cholesterol (+6%, P < 0.01 compared to corn oil). LDL particles were larger(P < 0.01) after fish oil compared to baseline and LDL size was inversely correlated with plasma triglyceride (P < 0.001) both before and after fish oil supplementation, and positively correlated with high density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.01). Fish oil reduced lag time before onset of copper-induced LDL oxidation (-25%, P < 0.001) and significantly increased production of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) during oxidation, compared with corn oil. Corn oil had no significant effect on lag time and oxidation rate. Fish oil increased macrophage uptake of copper-oxidized LDL and of macrophage-modified LDL. Corn oil was without effect. Additionally, macrophages that were supplemented with fish oil fatty acids in vitro displayed a significantly(P < 0.001) higher capacity to oxidize LDL than either control cells or cells supplemented with corn oil fatty acids.
CASE OF DEMENTIA AND MYOCLONIA IN AN ADULT ASSOCIATED WITH ANOMALIES IN POLY-UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN LEUKOCYTES AND PERIPHERAL-NERVE; A case of a 66-yr-old patient presenting with abnormal movements and associated dementia is reported. Death occurred 4 yr after the onset of symptoms. In spite of the lack of autopsy results, the picture was one of late onset neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (Kufs'' disease). Ultrastructural study of a peripheral nerve biopsy sample indicated a process of demyelination associated with unusual inclusions in Schwanncell cytoplasm. Biochemical analysis of the same sample and leukocytes showed considerable alterations in polyunsaturated fatty acid levels. These findings are discussed in light of work on cases of infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis.
Olive oil biophenols and women's health; Olea europea, the olive tree, is an ancient tree that originates from the Mediterranean environment of Asia Minor. The edible olive fruit is also used for its oil, gained by the process of pressing, a nutrient with proven beneficial effects. Virgin olive oil is the natural juice of the olive fruit, which plays a major role in the healthy Mediterranean diet. The source of its health effects are the biophenols and squalenes (oleocanthal, tyrosol, hydroxytyrosol, oleuropein) it contains. They provide an exceptional antioxidative activity, removing harmful compounds from the body. Oxidants are essential in the genesis of many diseases and conditions, such as cardiovascular disorders, cancer, osteoporosis, Alzheimer disease, and premenstrual syndrome. Oleic acid, an unsaturated fatty acid, has demonstrated a significant effect in the prevention of malignant diseases such as colon cancer and breast cancer. Biophenols from olive oil successfully suppress the synthesis of LDL, a protein that is crucial in the development of cardiovascular disease, by reducing blood pressure and the development of atherosclerotic plaques. In addition, there is strong evidence of the antimicrobic effect of the biphenols from olive oil that successfully destroy colonies of microorganisms which may cause respiratory tract, intestinal, and genital tract infections.
Dietary natural products as emerging lipoprotein(a)-lowering agents; Elevated plasma lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) levels are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Hitherto, niacin has been the drug of choice to reduce elevated Lp(a) levels in hyperlipidemic patients but its efficacy in reducing CVD outcomes has been seriously questioned by recent clinical trials. Additional drugs may reduce to some extent plasma Lp(a) levels but the lack of a specific therapeutic indication for Lp(a)-lowering limits profoundly reduce their use. An attractive therapeutic option is natural products. In several preclinical and clinical studies as well as meta-analyses, natural products, including l-carnitine, coenzyme Q (10), and xuezhikang were shown to significantly decrease Lp(a) levels in patients with Lp(a) hyperlipoproteinemia. Other natural products, such as pectin, Ginkgo biloba, flaxseed, red wine, resveratrol and curcuminoids can also reduce elevated Lp(a) concentrations but to a lesser degree. In conclusion, aforementioned natural products may represent promising therapeutic agents for Lp(a) lowering.
PLATELET-VESSEL WALL INTERACTION - INFLUENCE OF DIET; The interaction of platelets with the vessel wall is influenced by the diet. Of major importance is the dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Epidemiological evidence from Greenland Eskimos with low incidences of acute myocardial infarction has drawn attention to the role of the n - 3 PUFA family. Experiments in vitro have demonstrated an anti-aggregative effect of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). EPA does not inhibit vascular prostacyclin production. Anti-aggregative substances generated from EPA have not yet been demonstrated in vivo. Studies in vivo in animals and humans demonstrated an antithrombotic effect of EPA. In a study where volunteers were given 6 g EPA/day for 3 wk, moderate decreases in collagen-induced and ADP-induced platelet aggregation, lower thromboxane B2 (TXB2) synthesis and prolongation of bleeding time were found. Evidently, dietary factors modulate the interaction of platelets and the vessel wall. Dietary advice aiming at lowering the incidence of ischemic diseases must include this aspect. This necessitates a reevaluation of advice hitherto given to the population in general.
Foods, nutrients or whole diets: effects of targeting fish and LCn3PUFA consumption in a 12mo weight loss trial; Background: There is some evidence in the literature that emphasising fish consumption may assist with weight loss. The aim was to assess the effects of advice to consume 2 fish meals per week in a weight loss diet.
Reversal of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease in two infants with short bowel syndrome using parenteral fish oil: Implications for future management; Here we report the reversal of cholestasis in 2 infants with intestinal failure and parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease. Treatment involved the substitution of a conventional intravenous fat emulsion with one containing primarily omega-3 fatty acids. Biochemical tests of liver function improved significantly. One child was removed from the liver transplantation list because of improved hepatic function, and the second child had complete resolution of cholestasis while solely on parenteral nutrition. This suggests that fat emulsions made from fish oils may be an effective means of treating and preventing this often-fatal condition. A randomized, controlled trial is necessary to study the efficacy of this new approach to parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease.
Dietary fatty acids and coronary heart disease; Epidemiological studies have confirmed a strong association between fat intake, especially saturated and trans fatty acids, plasma cholesterol levels and rate of coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality. Meanwhile it is clear, that early atherosclerosis is largely preventable by modifying nutritional behaviour and lifestyle.
Role of nutrition in environmental lung disease; Lung diseases represent a major burden in morbidity and mortality. Diet has generated growing interest because of its potential impact in the genesis and evolution of these diseases by modulating the effect of environmental exposure. This article examines the relationships between dietary factors, including minerals, antioxidant vitamins, and omega -3 and -6 fatty acids, and environmental lung diseases. The potential mechanisms by which dietary factors may affect respiratory health are reviewed, and epidemiological evidence for the link between diet and asthma, chronic obstructive airways disease, and lung cancer is discussed. At present, most of the available evidence for nonmalignant lung diseases comes from cross-sectional studies and suggests a beneficial impact of antioxidant vitamins, in particular vitamin C and to a lesser extent vitamin E, on lung diseases, Prospective and retrospective studies have reported a lower risk of lung cancer among populations with high levels of fruit or vegetable, or both, consumption. There is a need for further research in experimental and epidemiological settings to better understand the pathophysiological effects of antioxidant vitamins, omega-3 fatty acids, and other nutrients on lung tissues.
FISH AND SHELLFISH BASED NUTRACEUTICALS; Seafood is the single most important food we can eat for good health. Regular consumption may help to increase intelligence, reduce the risk of various diseases and disorders. Fish is rich in omega-3 fatty acids which are known to contribute for the healthy development of brain tissue and retina in children. Eating of fish reduces the risk of heart disease and stroke by reducing blood clots and inflammation, improving blood vessel elasticity, lowering blood pressure, lowering blood fats and boosting good cholesterol. This article deals with the different nutraceuticals obtained from the fish and shellfish and their applications in different areas.
The potential for improving physiological, behavioural and immunological responses in the neonatal lamb by trace element and vitamin supplementation of the ewe; Neonatal lamb mortality represents both a welfare issue (due to the considerable suffering and distress) and an important production inefficiency. In lambs, approximately 80% of mortality can be attributed to the starvation-mismothering-exposure complex and occurs in the first 3 days after birth. It was the object of this review to determine the micronutrient(s) most likely to have a positive effect on neonatal lamb survival when included above the requirement for that micronutrient. Micronutrients discussed were Co, Cu, I, Fe, Mn, Se, Zn, vitamins A and E and n-3 fatty acids. For Co, Fe, Mn and Zh, there was no evidence of positive responses to supplementation. Cu and I had toxicity thresholds that were sufficiently close to requirement that supplementing above requirement presented a risk of inducing toxicity. In the case of vitamin A while serum concentrations indicated that sub-optimal status did exist, long-term buffering from liver stores (from grazing) makes experimentation difficult and practical benefits to supplementation unlikely. Therefore, the most likely candidates for supplementation were Se vitamin E and fatty acids. Fatty acid supplementation with fish oils or docosahexaenoic acid-containing algal biomass consistently improved lamb vigour but it is unlikely that supplementation will be economic. Positive responses to Se supplementation throughout gestation were recorded. However, in many studies the Se status of control ewes was marginal and there is a need for more studies where control ewes are clearly adequate in Se. Positive responses to vitamin E supplementation above requirement in the last-third of gestation were observed but the optimum dietary inclusion of vitamin E and period of feeding during pregnancy still require clarification.
Effect of yellow stripe scad (YSS) fish consumption on platelet markers: Can YYS fish be like salmon in overweight healthy individual?; Overweight and obesity is currently a growing burden, according several research data from National Health and Morbidity Survey (NHMS) in Malaysia, shows that in 1999 overweight were at 16,6%, obesity 4.5%; in 2006, overweight were at 29.1%, obesity 14%, in 2011 overweight were, 29.4%, obesity 15.1% and in 2015 overweight were 30%, obesity 17.7%. Suggesting that there is parallel prevalence increase, in this sedentary life style in 2015 compared to 1999. Overweight and obesity affects multiple factor such as shifting lifestyles, urbanization, rising income and influence the genetic make-up of life. Currently, it is a great concerned in Malaysia, because it is a risk factor for most inflammatory disease such as cardiovascular disease, cancer and type 2 diabetes, stroke and chronic inflammatory disease, Recent information by Malaysian health minister, won that the country is facing overweight and obesity pandemic problem showing that half of Malaysian population were either overweight or obese. In addition, the latest estimates from the World Health Organization (WHO), show that almost 14% of the country's citizens fall under the ''obese'' category in Malaysia. A further 40% are overweight. Evidence has shown that PMPs interact with sub-endothelial matrix to mobilise monocytes and neutrophils that favour foam cells formation. PMPs play an important role in the transport and delivery of bioactive molecules that can signal inflammation and promote aberrant angiogenesis in diseases such as atherosclerosis, diabetic retinopathy and cancers in overweight. PMPs may affect target cells either by stimulating them via surface-expressed ligands or by transferring surface receptors from one cell to the others. The modulation effect of omega-3 fatty acid (EPA/DHA) from salmon on platelets and endothelial cell markers has been established. American Heart Foundation in collaboration with Committee on Evaluation, Prevention and Detection recommends 250 to 300 mg of cooked salmon per day for the treatment of high blood pressure and cardiovascular diseases. Yellow stripe scad (YSS) is a local Malaysian fish, recently identified to increase HDL-C in overweight subjects. However, the atheroprotective effect of omega-3 fatty acid from YSS on PMPs markers in overweight and obese healthy individuals is still unclear. Thus, the aim of this article is to explore the nutritional value (EPA/DHA) of YSS Fish fillet on platelet microparticles markers that predetermine overweight and obesity risk factors of atherosclerosis.
Testing the boundaries of recommended carbohydrate intakes: Macronutrient exchanges, carbohydrate quality and nutritional adequacy; Aim: The aim of this study was to explore the relationships between dietary carbohydrate, other macronutrients, carbohydrate quality and nutritional adequacy in the diets of free-living Australian teenagers, and to consider the implications for total carbohydrate recommendations. Methods: Using the Children's Nutrition and Physical Activity Survey (2007) database, the nutrient intakes of boys and girls aged 1416years were assessed by quintile of carbohydrate intake. Results: Carbohydrate intake was inversely associated with intakes of saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, long-chain omega 3, monounsaturated fat and protein (for each association, P for trend <0.001). Carbohydrate intake was associated with increased intake of fibre in boys (P for trend <0.05) but not girls, the association being nonlinear. As carbohydrate intake increased, the densities of fibre, vitamin C, folate, thiamin and -carotene declined and the density of sugar increased, implying a decline in carbohydrate quality. Nutritional adequacy was generally compatible with a wide range of carbohydrate intakes. Conclusions: In combination, the exchanges of carbohydrate for polyunsaturated fat, long-chain omega 3, monounsaturated fat and protein would be expected to increase coronary disease risk via several mechanisms. This implies that there may be a progressive increase in coronary risk as carbohydrate intakes increase across the Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range (AMDR), as the exchange of carbohydrate for saturated fat is now considered to be neutral for coronary risk. There is a case for lowering the upper and lower boundaries of the AMDR for carbohydrate intake as a strategy for chronic disease prevention. Lower boundaries would be unlikely to increase the risk for obesity or nutrient inadequacy.
Heart-rate variability: a biomarker to study the influence of nutrition on physiological and psychological health?; As the influence of diet on health may take place over a period of decades, there is a need for biomarkers that help to identify those aspects of nutrition that have either a positive or a negative influence. The evidence is considered that heart-rate variability (HRV) (the time differences between one beat and the next) can be used to indicate the potential health benefits of food items. Reduced HRV is associated with the development of numerous conditions for example, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, obesity and psychiatric disorders. Although more systematic research is required, various aspects of diet have been shown to benefit HRV acutely and in the longer term. Examples include a Mediterranean diet, omega-3 fatty acids, B-vitamins, probiotics, polyphenols and weight loss. Aspects of diet that are viewed as undesirable, for example high intakes of saturated or trans-fat and high glycaemic carbohydrates, have been found to reduce HRV. It is argued that the consistent relationship between HRV, health and morbidity supports the view that HRV has the potential to become a widely used biomarker when considering the influence of diet on mental and physical health.
<i>mfat-1</i> transgene protects cultured adult neural stem cells against cobalt chloride-mediated hypoxic injury by activating <i>Nrf2/ARE</i> pathways; Ischemic stroke is a devastating neurological disorder and one of the leading causes of death and serious disability in adults. Adult neural stem cell (NSC) replacement therapy is a promising treatment for both structural and functional neurological recovery. However, for the treatment to work, adult NSCs must be protected against hypoxic-ischemic damage in the ischemic penumbra. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the neuroprotective effects of the mfat-1 transgene on cobalt chloride (CoCl2)-induced hypoxic-ischemic injury in cultured adult NSCs as well as its underlying mechanisms. The results show that in the CoCl2-induced hypoxic-ischemic injury model, the mfat-1 transgene enhanced the viability of adult NSCs and suppressed CoCl2-mediated apoptosis of adult NSCs. Additionally, the mfat-1 transgene promoted the proliferation of NSCs as shown by increased bromodeoxyuridine labeling of adult NSCs. This process was related to the reduction of reactive oxygen species. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analysis revealed a much higher expression of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) and its downstream genes (HO-1, NQO-1, GCLC). Taken together, our findings show that the mfat-1 transgene restored the CoCl2-inhibited viability and proliferation of NSCs by activating nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)/antioxidant response elements (ARE) signal pathway to inhibit oxidative stress injury. Further investigation of the function of the mfat-1 transgene in adult protective mechanisms may accelerate the development of adult NSC replacement therapy for ischemic stroke.
Downregulation of 4-HNE and FOXO4 collaboratively promotes NSCLC cell migration and tumor growth; Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is among the most prevalent cancers and a leading cause of cancer-related mortality globally. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) derived from NSCLC play a pivotal role in lung cancer progression. Our findings reveal a direct correlation between the abundance of EVs and the transfection efficiencies. Co-culturing two different lung cancer cell lines could enhance EVs formation, cell proliferation, migration and tumorigenicity. mRNA chip and metabolic analyses revealed significant alterations in the FOXO signaling pathway and unsaturated fatty acid metabolism within tumor tissues derived from co-cultured cells. Shotgun lipidomics studies and bioinformatics analyses guided our attention towards 4-Hydroxynonenal (4-HNE) and FOXO4. Elevating 4-HNE or FOXO4 levels could reduce the formation of EVs and impede cell growth and migration. While silencing FOXO4 expression lead to an increase in cell cloning rate and enhanced migration. These findings suggest that regulating the production of 4-HNE and FOXO4 might provide an effective therapeutic approach for the treatment of NSCLC.
Bitter Melon Seed Oil-Attenuated Body Fat Accumulation in Diet-Induced Obese Mice Is Associated with cAMP-Dependent Protein Kinase Activation and Cell Death in White Adipose Tissue; The aim of this study was to investigate the antiadiposity effect of bitter melon seed oil (BMSO), which is rich in the cis-9, trans-11, trans-13 isomer of conjugated linolenic acid. In Expt. 1, C57BL/6J mice were fed a butter-based, high-fat diet [HB; 29% butter + 1% soybean oil (SBO)] for 10 wk to induce obesity. They then continued to receive that diet or were switched to an SBO-based, high-fat diet alone (HS; 30% SBO) or containing bitter melon seed oil (BMSO) (HBM; 15% SBO + 15% BMSO) for 5 wk. The body fat percentage was significantly lower in mice fed the HBM diet (21%), but not the HS diet, compared with mice fed the HB diet. In Expt. 2, mice were fed an SBO-based, high-fat diet containing 0 (HS), 5 (LBM), 10 (MBM), or 15% (HBM) BMSO for 10 wk. In the LBM, MBM, and HBM groups, the body fat percentage was significantly lower by 32, 35, and 65%, respectively, compared with the HS control. The reduction in the HBM group was significantly greater than that in the LBM or MBM group. BMSO administration increased phosphorylation of acetyl-CoA carboxylase, cAMP-activated protein kinase (PKA), and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 in the white adipose tissue (WAT), suggesting that PKA and leptin signaling might be involved in the BMSO-mediated reduction in lipogenesis and increase in thermogenesis and lipolysis. However, compared with the HS control, the HBM group had a significantly higher TNF alpha concentration in the WAT accompanied by TUNEL-positive nuclei. We conclude that BMSO is effective in attenuating body fat accumulation through mechanisms associated with PKA activation and programmed cell death in the WAT, but safety concerns need to be carefully addressed. J. Nutr. 142: 1197-1204, 2012.
Distribution of fatty acids in edible organs and seed fractions of borage (<i>Borago officinalis</i> L.); BACKGROUND: Borage (Borago officinalis L.) is currently used as a vegetable in the north of Spain. The edible parts of the plant are the petioles, leaves and stems. The objective of this study was to determine the oil and fatty acids content in the edible tissues (leaves, petioles and stems) and seed fractions (endosperm + cotyledon, seed coat and elaiosome) of white- and blue-flowered borage accessions.
Sleep deprivation does not affect indices of necrosis or apoptosis in rat brain; Recent indications of oxidative stress in hypothalamus of sleep deprived rats prompted us to address the possibility that sleep deprivation may induce pathological cell loss changes in brain. Indices of necrosis and apoptosis were quantified after 96 h of sleep deprivation induced by the classical platform technique in rats. Binding of the "peripheral-type" benzodiazepine ligand [H-3] PK 11195 to reactive astrocytes, a reliable and sensitive index of necrotic changes, was not altered in any of 14 brain regions examined. Likewise, no changes were found in mRNA levels of the apoptosis-related genes bcl-2 and bax in any of 24 brain regions examined. This was corroborated by quantitative TUNEL analyses in hypothalamus, amygdala, and cortex, which also revealed no effects in sleep deprived animals. These results are consistent with other recent evidence that sleep deprivation does not induce necrotic or apoptotic cell loss in brain. This suggests that recent findings of oxidative stress in sleep deprived brains do not result in cell loss. The possibility that sleep deprivation may result in functional deficits, or that structural changes may emerge after repeated episodes of sleep deprivation, remains to be addressed.
Therapeutic potential of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in disease; Purpose. The potential therapeutic benefits of supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in various diseases are reviewed, and the antiinflammatory actions, activity, and potential drug interactions and adverse effects of n-3 PUFAs are discussed.
Interaction between a genetic variant in vascular endothelial growth factor with dietary intakes in association with the main factors of metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF) is involved in several biological processes, including angiogenesis and VEGF high levels results in higher risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). We aimed to examine the interaction of the rs10738760 (A > G), a genetic polymorphism of VEGF, and dietary intake in subjects with MetS recruited as part of the Mashhad Stroke and Heart Atherosclerotic Disorders (MASHAD) cohort study.
Determinants of platelet aggregation in 50-70-year-old men from three Japanese communities; To investigate the association of lifestyle and constitutional variables with platelet aggregation, we examined the platelet aggregation, serum fatty acid composition, alcohol intake, smoking, and dietary intake of seafood and soybean estimated by a 1-week dietary record in 448 males aged 50-70 in three rural Japanese communities: Ikawa, Akita prefecture (northeast coast), Noichi, Kochi prefecture (southwest coast), and Kyowa, Ibaraki prefecture (central inland). Platelet aggregatory threshold index (PATI) was used to determine the minimum concentration of adenosine 5'-diphosphate (ADP) that caused a non-reversible aggregation of platelets. Intake of seafood and n3-polyunsaturated fatty acid and ingestion of ethanol were higher in the northeast coastal community than in the other two communities. Mean platelet and white blood cell counts were lower in northeast coastal community than in the other two communities. The geometric mean PATI was higher (i.e. platelet aggregation was lower) in the northeast coastal community than the other two communities. Within the entire sample, platelet aggregation correlated inversely with serum level of n3-polyunsaturated fatty acids and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, an index of alcohol consumption, and positively with platelet and white blood cell counts. Platelet aggregation tended to correlate positively with serum arachidonic acid. There was no correlation between smoking and platelet aggregation. Our results suggest that seafood intake and moderate alcohol consumption reduce platelet aggregation. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fatty acyl composition of lysophosphatidylcholine is important in atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is a major cause of death for mankind. Although the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis is a complex and multifactorial process, growing body of evidence has identified phospholipids-mediated signaling as an important factor in the induction and progression of atherosclerosis, Lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC) is a major phospholipid in oxidized low-density lipoprotein, and is generally considered to be atherogenic. However, some studies have shown anti-atherogenic properties of LPC. The controversial findings surrounding the pro- or anti-atherogenic properties of LPC appear to be due to the chain length and the degree of saturation of the fatty acyl moiety of LPC. Studies have suggested that the presence of omega (n)-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) at the sn-1 position of LPC modulates the inflammatory response thereby making LPC anti-atherogenic. We have recently shown that feeding a diet high in n-3 PUFA resulted in the enrichment of LPC in both plasma and liver of C57BL/6 mice with n-3 PUFA. Others have also shown that supplementation with fish oil leads to preferential incorporation of n-3 PUFA into LPC. We also found that plasma obtained from mice fed a diet high in n-3 PUFA showed higher cholesterol efflux capacity compared to animals fed a low n-3 PUFA diet, despite no changes in high-density lipoprotein concentrations. We are therefore hypothesizing that n-3 PUFA enriched LPC has anti-atherogenic properties by promoting cholesterol efflux from macrophages and by reducing inflammation. Our anticipated long term objective is to establish that the fatty acyl moiety of LPC can be used as a potential biomarker for the risk of developing atherosclerosis. Validating this hypothesis would have a substantial impact on the public health with respect to early diagnosis of cardiovascular risks, and designing dietary based therapeutic strategies for the prevention and management of atherosclerosis and other heart related diseases. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Small, qualitative changes in fatty acid intake decrease plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients on their usual high-fat diets; Objective The diet is the first step in managing hypercholesterolemia. The objective of the present study is to assess whether moderate changes in dietary fatty acids improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients.
Flaxseed oil supplementation decreases C-reactive protein levels in chronic hemodialysis patients; Malnutrition and chronic inflammation in dialysis patients negatively impact their survival prognosis, and nutrients, such as omega-3 oils, are postulated to reduce proinflammatory response. In this randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial, we investigated the effects of flaxseed oil (FO) on the inflammatory state of patients with chronic renal failure undergoing renal replacement therapy with hemodialysis (HD). We hypothesized that FO supplementation lowers C-reactive protein (CRP) levels. One hundred sixty patients with chronic renal failure who received HD therapy of 3 dialysis units over a 3-month period in South Brazil were included. The patients received blind doses of FO (1 g twice a day) and placebo (mineral oil, 1 g twice a day) for a period of 120 days. Inflammation was observed in 89 patients (61%) at the beginning of the study. There was a correlation between CRP and the body mass index (R-s = 0.22; P = .022) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (R-s = -0.23; P = .032), and the CRP levels decreased significantly over time in the group that received FO compared with the control group (P < .001). During the study period, 33.3% of the FO group changed from an inflamed to a not-inflamed category, whereas only 16.9% changed in the mineral oil group (P = .04). We conclude that the administration of FO decreases the CRP levels and that inflammation in HD patients appears to be correlated to their body mass index and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Studies with a larger number of patients and over a longer duration are necessary to corroborate these findings. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Basal Insulin and Cardiovascular and Other Outcomes in Dysglycemia; BACKGROUND
Independent and interactive effects of plant sterols and fish oil <i>n</i>-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on the plasma lipid profile of mildly hyperlipidaemic Indian adults; The present study was designed to evaluate the independent and interactive effects of a once-a-day yoghurt drink providing 2g plant sterols/d and capsules providing 2g fish oil n-3 long-chain (LC) PUFA/d on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and LDL particle size. Following a 2-week run-in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults aged 35-55 years were randomised into one of four groups of a 2 X 2 factorial, double-blind controlled trial. The 4-week treatments consisted of (1) control yoghurt drink and control capsules, (2) control yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules, (3) plant sterol-enriched yoghurt drink and control capsules, or (4) plant sterol-enriched yoghurt drink and fish oil capsules. Blood was drawn before and after the 4-week intervention. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The main effects of plant sterols were a 4.5% reduction in LDL-cholesterol and a 15% reduction in TAG without a significant change in HDL-cholesterol. Overall, fish oil n-3 LC-PUFA did not significantly affect cholesterol concentrations but reduced TAG by 15% and increased HDL-cholesterol by 5.4%. The combination significantly lowered TAG by 15% v. control. No significant interaction between plant sterols and n-3 LC-PUFA was observed on plasma cholesterol concentrations. In conclusion, once-a-day intake of 2g plant sterols/d in a yoghurt drink, 2 g fish oil n-3 LC-PUFA/d in capsules, and their combination had beneficial effects on the lipid profile of mildly hypercholesterolaemic Indian adults. The potent hypotriacylglycerolaemic effect of plant sterols observed in the present study and this population warrants additional investigation.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidant activities of <i>Trichosanthes kirilowii</i> maxim seed oil and flavonoids in mice fed with a high-fat diet; Trichosanlhes kirilowii Maxim seed oil (TSO) is rich in conjugated linolenic acids, and the flavonoids (FLA) combined with n-3 fatty acids can effectively change the plasma antioxidant capacity. Hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress are one of the most important risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This study aims to evaluate the effect of the TSO, FLA, and TSO combined with FLA (TSOFLA) intake on hyperlipemia mice. TSO and TSOFLA administration resulted in a significant decline in serum levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol. TSOFLA improved the hepatic and serum antioxidant status as assessed by superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase activities, and reduced the levels of lipid peroxidation. Hematoxylin-eosin staining of liver and aorta tissue has shown a marked reduction of the hyperlipidemia-induced lesions by gavage TSOFLA. Compared with TSO and FLA, TSOFLA has more significant hypolipidemic and antioxidant activities, which effects may be correlated to the synergy between TSO and FLA.
Does it Make Sense to Combine Statins with Other Lipid-Altering Agents Following AIM-HIGH, SHARP and ACCORD?; Hypercholesterolemia is one of the main risk factors for the development of atherosclerotic diseases. Multiple clinical trials of lipid-lowering agents have demonstrated that lowering cholesterol effectively reduces the risk of cardiovascular events and death. Currently, treatment with 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors ("statins") is the most commonly used approach, given their superior efficacy relative to other cholesterol lowering agents. However, not all patients on statin monotherapy achieve target cholesterol levels, and even when cholesterol lowering is successful, significant residual cardiovascular risk remains. There is increasing interest in developing combination cholesterol-modifying therapies that may augment the treatment effect and minimize the side effects of statins. Although there is currently no evidence that any of the potential therapy combinations can improve clinical outcome compared to statin monotherapy alone, results of several large ongoing trials will help to clarify this important field.
Serum Cytokeratin 18 M30 Antigen Level and Its Correlation with Nutritional Parameters in Middle-Aged Japanese Males with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD); Cytokeratin (CK) 18 M30 antigen has been proposed as a diagnostic marker of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We studied serum CK18 M30 antigen level and examined the correlations among CK18 and biological data, dietary intake, and plasma fatty acid composition in middle-aged Japanese males with (NAFLD; n=42) and without NAFLD) (control; n=35). NAFLD was diagnosed if subjects showed fatty liver on abdominal ultrasonography and their alcohol consumption was <20 g/d. They were also confirmed to have negative serological results for tests of autoimmune liver disease and hepatitis B and C. In the NAFLD group. body mass index, waist circumference. serum M30 antigen. alanine transaminase (ALT), cholinesterase, triacylglycerol. LDL-cholesterol, and HbA1c were significantly higher than in the control group. In the fatty acid analysis of plasma phospholipids, significantly higher dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), total saturated fatty acids (SPA), and palmitic/linoleic acid ratio as well as lower arachidonic acid/DGLA ratio were observed in the NAFLD group compared with the control group. In the NAFLD group. M30 antigen was correlated positively with serum ALT. plasma DGLA. dietary SFA, and serum TNF-alpha as determined by partial correlation analysis controlled for BMI. On the basis of multivariate regression analysis using a stepwise method, M30 antigen was significantly associated with ALT and plasma DGLA. Regarding the determinants of NAFLD as revealed by logistic regression analysis, a high odds ratio was observed for plasma DGLA. In conclusion, members of the NAFLD group showed higher levels of serum CK18 M30 antigen and M30 antigen was strongly associated with serum ALT and plasma DGLA. Abnormal fatty acid metabolism may be a factor that causes aggravation of NAFLD.
Thiamine and Fatty Acid Content of Lake Michigan Chinook Salmon; Nutritional status of Lake Michigan Chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha) is inadequately documented. An investigation was conducted to determine muscle and liver thiamine content and whole body fatty acid composition in small, medium and large Chinook salmon. Muscle and liver thiamine concentrations were highest in small salmon, and tended to decrease with increasing fish size. Muscle thiamine was higher in fall than spring in large salmon. The high percentage of Chinook salmon (24-32% in fall and 58-71% in spring) with muscle thiamine concentration below 500 pmol/g, which has been associated with loss of equilibrium and death in other Great Lake salmonines, suggest that Chinook appear to rely less oil thiamine than other Great Lakes species for which such low concentrations would be associated with thiamine deficiency (Brown et al. 2005b). A positive correlation was observed between liver total thiamine and percent liver lipids (r = 0.53, P < 0.0001, n = 119). In medium and large salmon, liver lipids were observed to be low in fish with less than 4,000 pmol/g liver total thiamine. In individuals with greater than 4,000 pmol/g liver thiamine, liver lipid increased with thiamine concentration. Individual fatty acids declined between fall and spring. Essential omega-3 fatty acids appear to be conserved as lipid content declined. Arachidonic acid (C20:46), all essential omega-6 fatty acid was not different between fall and spring, although the sum of omega-6 (Sw6) fain, acids declined over winter. Elevated concentrations of saturated fatty acids (sun?) were observed in whole body tissue lipid. In summary, thiamine, a dietary essential vitamin, and individual fatty acids were found to vary in Lake Michigan Chinook salmon by fish size and season of the year.
The ketogenic diet and epilepsy; Purpose of review
Nutritional support of the cancer patient: issues and dilemmas; Malnutrition in cancer patients results from multifactorial events and is associated with an alteration of quality of life and a reduced survival. A simple nutritional assessment program and early counselling by a dietitian are essential to guide nutritional support and to alert the physician to the need for enteral (EN) or parenteral nutrition (PN). A daily intake of 20-35 kcal/kg, with a balanced contribution of glucose and lipids, and of 0.2-0.35 g nitrogen/kg is recommended both for EN and PN, with an adequate provision of electrolytes, trace elements and vitamins. EN, always preferable for patients with an intact digestive tract, and PN are both safe and effective methods of administering nutrients. The general results in clinical practice suggest no tumor growth during nutritional support. The indiscriminate use of conventional EN and PN is not indicated in well-nourished cancer patients or in patients with mild malnutrition. EN or PN is not clinically efficacious for patients treated with chemotherapy or radiotherapy, unless there are prolonged periods of GI toxicity, as in the case of bone marrow transplant patients. Severely malnourished cancer patients undergoing major visceral surgery may benefit from perioperative nutritional support, preferably via enteral access. Nutritional support in palliative care should be based on the potential risks and benefits of EN and PN, and on the patient's and family's wishes. Research is currently directed toward the impact of nutritional pharmacology on the clinical outcome of cancer patients. Glutamine-supplemented PN is probably beneficial, in bone marrow transplant patients. Immune diets are likely to reduce the rate of infectious complications and the length of hospital stay after GI surgery. Further studies are needed to determine the efficacy of such novel approaches in specific populations of cancer patients, and should also address the question of the overall cost-benefit ratio of nutritional pharmacology, and the effect of nutritional support on length and quality of life. (C) 2000 Published by Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Parenteral lipid emulsions in paediatrics; Purpose of review
Herbal, Vitamin, and Mineral Supplement Use in Patients Enrolled in a Cardiac Rehabilitation Program; PURPOSE: The use of complementary and alternative medicine is common and continues to rise each year, both in the general population and among those with cardiovascular disease. While some supplements may incur risk, particularly when used concomitantly with cardiovascular medications, others have proven benefits. However, supplements such as antioxidants and many herbs can have significant interactions with cardiovascular medications. This study aimed to identify the percentage of patients enrolled in a cardiac rehabilitation program taking herbal, vitamin, and mineral supplements.
Dietary long-chain n-3 PUFAs increase LPL gene expression in adipose tissue of subjects with an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype; We sought to test the hypothesis that dietary long-chain n-3 PUFA (LC n-3 PUFA) in fish oil stimulate the gene expression of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) in human adipose tissue (AT). In a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study, 51 male subjects expressing an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype (ALP) had their diets supplemented with fish oil for 6 weeks. As we previously reported for this group, supplementation with LC n-3 PUFA produced a decrease in fasting plasma triglyceride (TG) (-35%, P < 0.05), attenuation of the postprandial TG response (area and incremental area under the curve; AUC and IAUC, P < 0.05), and a decrease in small, dense LDL. The present study extended these observations by showing that these changes were accompanied by a marked increase in the concentration of LPL mRNA in adipose tissue (AT-LPL mRNA, +55%, P = 0.003) and post-heparin LPL activity (PH-LPL, +31%, P = 0.036). There was also evidence of an association between LPL gene expression and polymorphism in the apolipoprotein E gene. We conclude that the favorable influence of dietary n-3 PUFA on the ALP may be mediated, in part, through an increase in the plasma activity and gene expression of lipoprotein lipase in human adipose tissue.
Potential of Fatty Acids in Treating Sarcopenia: A Systematic Review; This paper presents a systematic review of studies investigating the effects of fatty acid supplementation in potentially preventing and treating sarcopenia. PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases were searched using the keywords 'fatty acid' and 'sarcopenia'. Results: A total of 14 clinical and 11 pre-clinical (including cell and animal studies) studies were included. Of the 14 clinical studies, 12 used omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as supplements, 1 study used ALA and 1 study used CLA. Seven studies combined the use of fatty acid with resistant exercises. Fatty acids were found to have a positive effect in eight studies and they had no significant outcome in six studies. The seven studies that incorporated exercise found that fatty acids had a better impact on elderlies. Four animal studies used novel fatty acids including eicosapentaenoic acid, trans-fatty acid, and olive leaf extraction as interventions. Three animal and four cell experiment studies revealed the possible mechanisms of how fatty acids affect muscles by improving regenerative capacity, reducing oxidative stress, mitochondrial and peroxisomal dysfunctions, and attenuating cell death. Conclusion: Fatty acids have proven their value in improving sarcopenia in pre-clinical experiments. However, current clinical studies show controversial results for its role on muscle, and thus the mechanisms need to be studied further. In the future, more well-designed randomized controlled trials are required to assess the effectiveness of using fatty acids in humans.
Stearate-Induced Apoptosis in Human Pancreatic β-Cells is Associated with Changes in Membrane Protein Expression and These Changes are Inhibited by Oleate; Purpose Lipotoxicity is implicated in type 2 diabetes pathogenesis. Its molecular mechanisms are not completely understood. The aim of this study is to identify new suspect proteins involved in pancreatic beta-cell death induction by saturated fatty acids and its inhibition by unsaturated fatty acids. Experimental design Employing 2DE analysis and subsequent western blot confirmation, the differences in membrane/membrane-associated protein expression in human beta-cell line NES2Y are assessed during cell death induction by stearate and its inhibition by oleate. Results Induction of apoptosis by stearate is associated with significantly increased levels of Hsp90 beta, peroxiredoxin-1, and 14-3-3 gamma in the membrane fraction of NES2Y cells and significantly decreased levels of annexin A2, annexin A4, and reticulocalbin-2. All these changes are significantly inhibited by oleate co-application. No expression changes are detected after application of stearate together with oleate. Furthermore, the expression of reticulocalbin-2 is significantly decreased after stearate application also in the whole cell lysate. Conclusions and clinical relevance Several membrane-associated proteins that could be related to pro- and anti-apoptotic signaling initiated by fatty acids in human pancreatic beta-cells are identified. As far as we know, annexin A4, reticulocalbin-2, and 14-3-3 gamma represent novel molecules related to the effect of fatty acids on beta-cell viability.
Influence of Bioactive Nutrients on the Atherosclerotic Process: A Review; The protective effects of a dietary intervention as a useful tool in the prevention of atherosclerosis disease has gained greater attention in recent years. Several epidemiological studies have demonstrated the importance of diet in reducing expensive treatments or possible undesirable side effects. The main aim of this review is to examine the effects of specific nutrients on the development and progression of atherosclerosis in patients with cardiovascular disease. Various mechanisms have been proposed to explain the cardioprotective effect of different nutrients. In this sense, results have shown stabilization of vulnerable atherosclerotic plaques or downregulation of biomarkers related to inflammation through nutrients such as Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, hydroxytyrosol of extra virgin olive oil, lycopen, phytosterols of plants, or flavonols of fruits and vegetables, among others. The accumulated evidence on the anti-inflammatory effects related to these nutrients is summarized in the present review.
Isotopic reinforcement of essential polyunsaturated fatty acids diminishes nigrostriatal degeneration in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease; Oxidative damage of membrane polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is thought to play a major role in mitochondrial dysfunction related to Parkinson's disease (PD). The toxic products formed by PUFA oxidation inflict further damage on cellular components and contribute to neuronal degeneration. Here, we tested the hypothesis that isotopic reinforcement, by deuteration of the bisallylic sites most susceptible to oxidation in PUFA may provide at least partial protection against nigrostriatal injury in a mouse model of oxidative stress and cell death, the 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP) model. Mice were fed a fat-free diet supplemented with saturated acids, oleic acid and essential PUFA: either normal, hydrogenated linoleic (LA, 18:2n - 6) and alpha-linolenic (ALA, 18:3n - 3) or deuterated 11,11-D2-LA and 11,11,14,14-D4-ALA in a ratio of 1:1 (to a total of 10% mass fat) for 6 days; each group was divided into two cohorts receiving either MPTP or saline and then continued on respective diets for 6 days. Brain homogenates from mice receiving deuterated PUFA (D-PUFA) vs. hydrogenated PUFA (H-PUFA) demonstrated a significant incorporation of deuterium as measured by isotope ratio mass-spectrometry. Following MPTP exposure, mice fed H-PUFA revealed 78.7% striatal dopamine (DA) depletion compared to a 46.8% reduction in the D-PUFA cohort (as compared to their respective saline-treated controls), indicating a significant improvement in DA concentration with D-PUFA. Similarly, higher levels of the DA metabolite 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC) were detected in MPTP-exposure mice administered D-PUFA: however, saline-treated mice revealed no change in DA or DOPAC levels. Western blot analyses of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) confirmed neuroprotection with D-PUFA, as striatal homogenates showed higher levels of TH immunoreactivity in D-PUFA (88.5% control) vs. H-PUFA (50.4% control) in the MPTP-treated cohorts. In the substantia nigra, a significant improvement was noted in the number of nigral dopaminergic neurons following MPTP exposure in the D-PUFA (79.5% control) vs. H-PUFA (58.8% control) mice using unbiased stereological cell counting. Taken together, these findings indicate that dietary isotopic reinforcement with D-PUFA partially protects against nigrostriatal damage from oxidative injury elicited by MPTP in mice. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
DO ANTIOXIDANTS AND POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS HAVE A COMBINED ASSOCIATION WITH CORONARY ATHEROSCLEROSIS; To evaluate the antioxidant hypothesis with regard to atherosclerosis, we compared plasma selenium, serum-alpha-tocopherol, serum polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and the ratios of selenium and alpha-tocopherol to PUFAs in subjects with varying degrees of coronary atherosclerosis.  Cases had more than 85% stenosis in at least one coronary vessel and controls had less than 50% stenosis in all three vessels.  Plasma selenium was significantly lower in cases than controls (95.1 +/- 21.0-mu-g/l and 108.8 +/- 29.3-mu-g/l, respectively).  Though alpha-tocopherol and PUFA levels were similar in both groups, the ratios Se/linoleic acid, Se/total PUFA and Se/total n - 6 acids were significantly lower in cases.  In particular, these differences were observed in subjects with low serum alpha-tocopherol level (below the median; 1452-mu-g/dl).  Moreover, in this subgroup the ratio Se/PUFA was significantly lower in cases than in controls for all PUFAs except eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid.  Though definitive conclusions cannot be drawn from our data, it is hypothesized that high PUFA levels, when insufficiently protected by antioxidants against peroxidation, may indicate a higher risk of atherosclerosis.
The biological oxidation of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids with the carbon numbers from 16 and 18; The R. Q. of respiring, surviving slices of rat liver was detd. in the Warburg apparatus, in the presence of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids with the C Nos. of 16 and 18. The rats were fasted 24 hrs. before death, and 0.2 g. slices of liver were used for a detn. The solns. used were 2.5 ml. M/15 phosphate buffer, pH 7.4 and 0.5 ml. 50% H2SO4. Weighed amts. of the fatty acids were mixed with a very small amt. of 10% NaOH, emulsified with phosphate buffer and warmed to 50[degree]. The conc. of fatty acids in the emulsions was usually M/100 or M/200 and 0.5 ml. was used for a detn. Palmitic, stearic, oleic, linoleic and linolenic acids were studied. The avg. R. Q. of the control expts. without the acids was 0.89. Addition of palmitic, stearic and oleic acids decreased the R. Q. respectively to 0.60, 0.45, and 0.49. Linoleic acid decreased the R. Q. to 0.54, but linoleic acid together with oleic acid gave an R. Q. of 0.95, which is approximately that of carbohydrate combustion. NH4Cl (10 mg.), NH4Cl (10 mg.)+linoleic acid, and NH4Cl (10 mg.) + linolenic acid, gave respectively, R. Q''s. of 0.47, 0.83, and 0.51. Linolenic acid alone increased the R. Q. to 1.23.
Chia (<i>Salvia hispanica</i> L.) Mucilage as a Novel Fat Replacer in Beef Patties Cooked with Different Methods: Physico-Chemical, Technological, and Nutritional Perspectives; In this study, chia mucilage (CM), a fat replacer with a texture like beef fat, was utilized to examine the nutritional value, lipid oxidation, and technological attributes of beef patties cooked by different cooking methods (grilling and pan-frying). A control (C) group was manufactured with 20% beef fat, while the other three groups were added with CM at levels of 5% (C25), 10% (C50), and 15% (C75). The inclusion of CM increased the moisture and dietary fiber and decreased the amount of fat and cholesterol contents. Moreover, reformulated patties offered good potential for enhancing omega-3 and omega-6 contents while reducing atherogenicity and thrombogenicity indexes associated with cardiovascular disease risk. Grilled samples had healthier lipid composition than pan-fried. Adding CM also improved the product's nutritional value and technological properties. Overall, the findings pointed out the favorable effects of CM for producing healthier meat products.
A randomised, controlled study of the effects of aerobic exercise and dietary fish on coagulation and fibrinolytic factors in type 2 diabetics; Type 2 diabetes is associated with disturbances in coagulation and fibrinolysis. Prospective studies show that increased tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) antigen increases the risk of cardiovascular mortality. The present study examined the hypothesis that combining a regime of moderate aerobic exercise with one daily fish meal as part of a low-fat diet (30% total energy) would improve coagulation and fibrinolytic factors in dyslipidaemic type 2 diabetic patients. In a randomised, controlled, 8-week trial, 55 sedentary type 2 diabetic subjects with serum triglycerides >1.8 mmol/l and/or HDL-C <1.0 mmol/l were randomly assigned to a low-fat diet (30% daily energy intake) with or without one fish meal daily (3.6 g omega 3 fatty acids/day) and further randomized to a moderate (55-65% (V) over dot O-2max ) or light (heart rate <100 bpm) exercise program. Plasma levels of fibrinogen, coagulation factor VIIc, tPA and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI-1) antigen were measured before and after intervention. In the 49 subjects who completed the study, the fish diet alone, moderate exercise alone and the combination of fish and moderate exercise all led to significant reductions in tPA antigen concentrations (-2.1 ng/ml, p = 0.02, -1.9 ng/ml, p = 0.03, -2.0 ng/ml, p = 0.01, respectively) compared to controls. In multivariate regression, changes in fasting blood glucose (positively) and erythrocyte omega 3 fatty acid composition (inversely) were independent predictors of the change in tPA antigen. The fish diet alone contributed to a significant rise in coagulation factor We compared to controls (4.9%, p = 0.02), which was prevented by moderate exercise. No significant effects on PAI-1 antigen and fibrinogen were seen. In view of recent epidemiological findings, the reduction in tPA antigen with both fish and moderate exercise in these dyslipidaemic type 2 diabetic patients could reflect a reduced thrombotic potential and decreased cardiovascular risk. Furthermore, a small, albeit significant, increase in coagulation factor VIIc associated with fish can be prevented by a concomitant programme of moderate exercise.
Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids concerning prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk among participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) from 2005 to March 2020; ObjectiveUnsaturated fatty acids (UFA) may be related to glycometabolism. While associations between UFA intake (especially their subtype) and prediabetes or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) need to be further studied. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the potential relation of UFA with prediabetes and T2DM.MethodsA total of 16,290 adults aged older than 18 years from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2005 to March 2020 were included in the present analysis. Dietary intake was assessed by two day, 24-hour dietary recalls and daily intake of total monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA); four specific fatty acids of MUFA and seven specific fatty acids of PUFA were calculated. Prediabetes and T2DM were diagnosed by fasting glucose, glycohemoglobin, and self-reported medication or insulin. Rao-Scott modified chi-square tests, the Taylor series linearization method, and multivariable logistic regression analyses were applied to analyze the associations of dietary MUFA and PUFA intake with diabetes risk.ResultsOf the participants, 44.34% had prediabetes and 13.16% had T2DM patients. From multivariate analysis, we found that intake of MUFA, PUFA, and some subtypes was negatively associated with the risk of prediabetes and T2DM in Americans. Compared with adults in the lowest tertile, those in the highest MUFA (PUFA) tertile had an approximately 50% (49%) and 69% (68%) lower risk of prediabetes and T2DM, respectively. Moreover, the effects of the subtypes of MUFA and PUFA on prediabetes and T2DM were different. Higher intakes of MFA 18:1, MFA 20:1, PFA 18:2, and PFA 18:3 and higher tertile intakes of MFA 16:1 and PFA 20:4 were related to a lower risk of prediabetes and T2DM. Similarly, the effects of MUFA, PUFA, and subtype on prediabetes and T2DM varied among different age groups, being weakened along with age.ConclusionOur study suggested that total MUFA and PUFA intake might be essential in preventing prediabetes and T2DM, especially in Americans. However, this protective effect may decrease with age. Moreover, the effects of the specific UFA on prediabetes and T2DM need further consideration.
Nutraceuticals in the Early Infancy; Atherosclerosis disease and its extent in childhood correlate positively with established risk factors, namely obesity, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. The safety and efficacy of some dietary interventions to modulate risk factors in childhood are documented by an increasing body of evidence. The present review analyzes nutritional and nutraceutical current strategies addressed to modify some risk factors of atherosclerosis in childhood. In particular, studies concerning nutrients such as fibers, omega-3-fatty acids, vitamin D, antioxidants, and calcium have been evaluated. An overall analysis suggests that some nutraceuticals might represent an attractive tool to lower the development of atherosclerotic-related cardiovascular complication in children. Nevertheless, at this moment, due to the methodological weakness that characterizes the majority of the analyzed studies, nutrients or supplements should not be considered as a therapeutic tool potentially usable for clinical purpose in children at risk for cardiovascular disease.
THE PROTECTIVE EFFECT OF DIETARY FISH OIL ON MURINE LUPUS; Dietary marine lipids markedly reduce the severity of glomerulonephritis and its associated mortality in inbred strains of mice developing autoimmune disease, a model for human systemic lupus erythematosus. The infuence of varying the dose of menhaden oil and the timing of its administration on the mortality of female (NZB .times. NZW)F1 mice is reported. After ingesting 25 wt% menhaden oil (MO) for periods of 1.5 wk-12 mo., there was a stable content of tissue n-3 fatty acids, with total n-3 fatty acids of 28% and 35% in spleen and liver, respectively. The extent of protection from mortality was dependent on the dose of MO with marked protection at doses of 11 to 25%, marginal protection at 5.5% and no protection at 2.5% MO. Delay in the institution of MO until ages 5 or 7 mo. still resulted in large reductions of mortality. Institution of a MO diet from 6 wk until ages 5-7 mo. followed by a change to beef tallow resulted in little protection. Serum levels of 4 cyclooxygenase products  were reduced ranging from 26-76% in mice fed MO diets, compared to mice fed beef tallow, based on radioimmunoassay. The degree of reduction of mortality on different doses of MO was correlated best with tissue levels of C22:5; levels of C20:5 and C22:6 were similar at high and low doses of MO, suggesting that levels of 22:5 may be related to the protection effects of marine lipids on autoimmune disease.
Determination of nutritional health indexes of fresh bovine milk using near infrared spectroscopy; Bovine milk is one of the most complete foods that exist. During the last decades, milk FA have shown to improve human health due to the reduction in risk of cardiovascular disease and related pathologies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of near infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) reflectance analysis to predict the nutritional value, fatty acid (FA) composition, and health index of fresh milk from dairy cows of pastoral systems. The prediction of Atherogenicity and Thrombogenicity indexes, along with other FA ratios in fresh milk samples by NIRS were precise and accurate. In addition, the calibration model obtained by NIRS provides an opportunity for the routine quantification of milk's healthy FA such as omega-3 and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), with applications in the dairy industry for food labeling, and at the farm level for management of the dairy cow's diet.
Cardiovascular risk and lipid-lowering drug therapy; Patients with type 2 and advanced type 1 diabetes bear a very high risk for cardiovascular disease, which is substantially driven by the associated dyslipidemia; therefore, patients with diabetes clearly benefit from intensive lipid-lowering therapy. To ensure optimal risk reduction, lipid-lowering therapy must consistently aim at and achieve the recommended target values. Statins reduce low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and non-high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and are the mainstay of lipid-lowering therapy also in diabetes patients but highly potent statins are often applied to reach the goals. Ezetimib and bile acid sequestrants also lower cholesterol levels and may be given in combination with statins or to statin-intolerant patients. Fibrates effectively lower serum triglycerides and provide clinical benefits in patients with concurrent low HDL cholesterol levels. Nicotinic acid and long-chain omega 3 fatty acids could provide improvements due to HDL cholesterol elevation, anti-arrhythmic and other effects.
A Moderate Interleukin-6 Reduction, Not a Moderate Weight Reduction, Improves the Serum Iron Status in Diet-Induced Weight Loss with Fish Oil Supplementation; Background & Aims: Whether moderate weight loss or a reduction in IL-6 improves the serum iron status in overweight (OW) and obese adults supplemented with or without fish oil is explored.
Mechanism of apoptosis in HL-60 cells induced by n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids; The biochemical properties and specificity of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are not well known. Because PUFAs induce apoptosis of different cells, we studied the effect of various PUFAs, such as arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), on the fate of cultured human promyelocytic leukemia cells (HL-60) to elucidate the mechanism of apoptosis and the difference in action between n-3 and n-6 PUFAs. Fairly low concentrations of PUFAs inhibited the growth of HL-60 cells and induced their apoptosis by a mechanism that is sensitive to DMSO, an antioxidant, and z-Val-Ala-Asp(OMe)-fluoromethylketone (z-VAD-fmk), a pan-caspase inhibitor. PUFAs stimulated the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and activated various types of caspase-like proteases, such as caspase-3, -6, -8, and -9, but not caspase-1. In addition, PUFAs triggered the reaction leading to the cleavage of Bid, a death agonist member of the Bcl-2 family, and also released cytochrome c from mitochondria into the cytosol. PUFAs also decreased the mitochondrial membrane potential of intact HL-60 cells. All of these actions of n-3 PUFAs were stronger than those of AA, an n-6 PUFA, although the mechanism is not known. PUFAs stimulate swelling and membrane depolarization of isolated mitochondria in a cyclosporin A-sensitive manner. The results indicated that PUFA-induced apoptosis of HL-60 cells may be caused, in part, by direct action on the cells and by activation of the caspase cascade through cytochrome c release coupled with mitochondrial membrane depolarization. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Acellular fish skin grafts in the treatment of diabetic wounds: Advantages and clinical translation; Diabetic wounds cannot undergo normal wound healing due to changes in the concentration of hyperglycemia in the body and soon evolve into chronic wounds causing amputation or even death of patients. Diabetic wounds directly affect the quality of patients and social medical management; thus researchers started to focus on skin transplantation technology. The acellular fish skin grafts (AFSGs) are derived from wild fish, which avoids the influence of human immune function and the spread of the virus through low-cost decellularization. AFSGs contain a large amount of collagen and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and they have an amazing effect on wound regeneration. However, after our search in major databases, we found that there were few research trials in this field, and only one was clinically approved. Therefore, we summarized the advantages of AFSGs and listed the problems faced in clinical use. The purpose of this paper is to enable researchers to better carry out original experiments at various stages.image
EFFECT OF FATTENING INTENSITY ON THE FATTY ACID PROFILE AND MINERAL CONTENT OF MEAT FROM HOLSTEIN-FRIESIAN BULLS; Diets high in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) at the expense of n-3 PUFAs have been shown to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity and cancer. Animal fat is considered to be the major source of unhealthy saturated fats. However, beef fat has a high nutritional value owing to the presence of minerals, PUFAs, vitamins and selected protein fractions. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of fattening intensity on the fatty acid profile and mineral content of meat from Holstein-Friesian bulls. Holstein-Friesian bulls aged 11 to 19 months were fattened under semi-intensive (SI, 10 animals) and intensive (I, 10 animals) systems. The bulls were fed maize silage, rapeseed meal and premix ad libitum. The diets for group I animals were supplemented with 2.5 kg ground triticale provided in an automatic feeding station. Meat samples were collected from m. longissimus dorsi (MLD). The samples were mineralized and assayed for mineral content. Fat was extracted from each sample, and the fatty acid profile of beef was determined by gas chromatography. Dietary supplementation with ground triticale increased the average daily gains of bulls and carcass dressing percentage, and contributed to higher carcass conformation and fat cover scores. Beef was found to be a rich source of valuable mineral compounds. The meat of group I animals was characterized by higher potassium levels and lower sodium levels, which points to its higher nutritional value. Semi-intensive (SI) fattening increased PUFA concentrations and decreased the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio in beef.
Association of Plasma Phospholipid n-3 and n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids with Type 2 Diabetes: The EPIC-InterAct Case-Cohort Study; Background
Hypolipidemic Dietary Components; Several prospective epidemiological studies over the past 20 years concluded that ingestion of certain food or dietary components improves serum lipid profile and are effective in management of hyperlipidemia. The objective of this paper is to identify and quantify selective lipid lowering dietary components. This review focuses on identifying, quantifying and understanding the possible mechanism of action of soy, flaxseeds, oats and psyllium in improving lipid profile and reducing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk factor. A systematic search of database was performed to retrieve studies of published human studies and trials from 1995-2012, concentrating on recent systematic reviews, meta-analysis and intervention trials done to further elucidate the role of selective food (soy, oats, flaxseeds and psyllium) and their bioactive components (soy protein, soy isoflavones, flaxseed lignan, flaxseed omega 3 fatty acid, b-glucan, insoluble fiber) involved in improving lipid profile and reducing the cardiovascular disease risks. The findings quantify the amounts showing beneficial effects on serum lipid profile. Overall, the review of these clinical evidences suggested that inclusion of these food items can moderately but significantly reduce the risk of dyslipidemia, when consumed regularly as a part of a healthy diet and thus may help reduce any untoward cardiovascular event
More than a duologue: In-depth insights into epitranscriptomics and ferroptosis; Beyond transcription, RNA molecules are enzymatically modified to influence the biological functions of living organisms. The term "epitranscriptomics " describes the changes in RNA strands aside from altering the innate sequences. Modifications on adenosine (A) are the most widely characterized epitranscriptomic modification, including N-6-methyladenosine (m(6)A), N-1-methyladenosine (m(1)A), polyadenylation, and adenosine-to-inosine (A-to-I) RNA editing, and modifications on other nucleotides seem to be fewer, such as N-7-methylguanosine (m(7)G), 5-methylcytosine (m(5)C), and pseudouridine (psi). These changes on the RNA strand surface, exclusively by their RNA-modifying proteins (RMPs), are reported in various biological phenomena, including programmed cell death (PCD). One necro-biological phenomenon that has been observed for long but has started to gain heed in recent years is "ferroptosis. " The phospholipid peroxidation by polyunsaturated-fatty-acid-containing-phospholipid hydroperoxyl (PLOOH) radicals destroys membrane integrity due to a series of mechanisms. The Fenton reaction, constituting the final Haber-Weiss reaction that is less recognized, collaboratively leading to the conversion of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) to PLOOH, is the etymological origin of ferroptosis. However, it is with increasing evidence that ferroptotic signaling is also intervened by epitranscriptomic modifications, although the truth is still ambiguous. We attempted to delineate some up-to-date discoveries on both epitranscriptomics and ferroptosis, bringing up the fundamentals to address any potential connection between the two. Next, we discussed whether a duologal relationship, or more, exists between the two, taking the ROS level and iron status into consideration. Lastly, we surveyed future perspectives that would favor the understanding of these topics.
Genome-wide association studies and fine-mapping identify genomic loci for n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in Hispanic American and African American cohorts; Omega-3 (n-3) and omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) play critical roles in human health. Prior genome-wide association studies (GWAS) of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs in European Americans from the CHARGE Consortium have documented strong genetic signals in/near the FADS locus on chromosome 11. We performed a GWAS of four n-3 and four n-6 PUFAs in Hispanic American (n = 1454) and African American (n = 2278) participants from three CHARGE cohorts. Applying a genome-wide significance threshold of P < 5 x 10(-8), we confirmed association of the FADS signal and found evidence of two additional signals (in DAGLA and BEST1) within 200 kb of the originally reported FADS signal. Outside of the FADS region, we identified novel signals for arachidonic acid (AA) in Hispanic Americans located in/near genes including TMX2, SLC29A2, ANKRD13D and POLD4, and spanning a > 9 Mb region on chromosome 11 (57.5 Mb similar to 67.1 Mb). Among these novel signals, we found associations unique to Hispanic Americans, including rs28364240, a POLD4 missense variant for AA that is common in CHARGE Hispanic Americans but absent in other race/ancestry groups. Our study sheds light on the genetics of PUFAs and the value of investigating complex trait genetics across diverse ancestry populations.
Liver function parameters, cholesterol, and phospholipid α-linoleic acid are associated with adipokine levels in overweight and obese adults; Dysregulation of adipose hormones in obesity has been associated with the hastened development of metabolic syndrome and associated chronic disease sequalae including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study aims to identify common biochemical and anthropometric markers that impact adipose hormones, including adiponectin and leptin. Based on previous literature, it was hypothesized that these would be adversely impacted by liver function parameters, and adiponectin levels would be positively correlated with phospholipid Omega-3 fatty acids. Forty nondiabetic adult subjects (body mass index, >= 25.0 kg/m(2)) were recruited. Fasting plasma samples were taken to assess adipokine levels, glucose metabolism, electrolytes, liver enzymes, and blood lipids. Basic anthropometric measurements were also recorded. Adiponectin levels were positively correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and negatively correlated with anthropometric measures, insulin, liver enzymes, triglycerides, and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol brit not body mass index. Conversely, plasma leptin levels were positively correlated with anthropometric measures, C-reactive protein, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and plasma phospholipid proportions of Omega-3 alpha linoleic acid but inversely correlated with creatinine levels. These results support other data regarding correlations between adiponectin and relative adipose distribution. Correlations with specific liver enzymes may indicate that adiponectin levels are tied to fatty acid deposition in the liver; however, liver/kidney damage though further mechanistic clarification is required. Leptin levels were associated with measures of adiposity but not liver enzymes. Each of these variables, along with blood lipids, may serve as potential future therapeutic targets for the prevention and management of obesity and related comorbidities. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations of serum n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids with plasma natriuretic peptides; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but little is known about their association with natriuretic peptides (NPs), a marker for CVD risk. The aim of this study was to investigate the association of serum n-3 and n-6 PUFAs with NPs.
Fish consumption and subsequent change in body weight in European women and men; Fish consumption is the major dietary source of EPA and DHA, which according to rodent experiments may reduce body fat mass and prevent obesity. Only a few human studies have investigated the association between fish consumption and body-weight gain. We investigated the association between fish consumption and subsequent change in body weight. Women and men (n 344 757) participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition were followed for a median of 5.0 years. Linear and logistic regression were used to investigate the associations between fish consumption and subsequent change in body weight. Among women, the annual weight change was 5.70 (95% CI 4.35, 7.06), 2.23 (95% CI 0.16, 4.31) and 11.12 (95% CI 8.17, 14.08) g/10 g higher total, lean and fatty fish consumption per d, respectively. The OR of becoming overweight in 5 years among women who were normal weight at enrolment was 1.02 (95% CI 1.01, 1.02), 1.01 (95% CI 1.00, 1.02) and 1.02 (95% CI 1.01, 1.04) g/10 g higher total, lean and fatty consumption per d, respectively. Among men, fish consumption was not statistically significantly associated with weight change. Adjustment for potential over-or underestimation of fish consumption did not systematically change the observed associations, but the 95% CI became wider. The results in subgroups from analyses stratified by age or BMI at enrolment were not systematically different. In conclusion, the present study suggests that fish consumption has no appreciable association with body-weight gain.
Dietary intake in male and female smokers, ex-smokers, and never smokers: The INTERMAP Study; This report examines dietary intakes in smokers, exsmokers, and never smokers in INTERMAP. The 4680 participants aged 40 - 59 years-from 17 population samples in four countries ( China, Japan, UK, USA) F provided four 24-h recalls to assess nutrient intakes and two 24-h urine collections to assess excretion of urea, sodium (Na), potassium (K), etc. Compared to never smokers, current smokers generally consumed more energy from alcohol and saturated fats (SFA), less energy from vegetable protein and carbohydrates, less dietary fibre, vitamin E, beta carotene, vitamin C, thiamine, riboflavin, folate, vitamin B-6, calcium, iron, phosphorus, magnesium (Mg), and K per 1000 kcal, excreted less K and urea ( marker of dietary protein), had a lower ratio of polyunsaturated fat (PFA) to SFA intake, higher Keys dietary lipid score, and higher dietary and urinary Na/K. There were few differences between smokers and never smokers for total energy intake, energy from total and animal protein, monounsaturated fats, PFA, omega 3 and omega 6 PFA, dietary cholesterol, total vitamin A, retinol, vitamin D, vitamin B-12, and urinary and dietary Na. Compared to ex-smokers, smokers generally consumed less energy from vegetable protein, omega 3 PFA, carbohydrates, less dietary fibre, beta carotene, vitamin E, vitamin C, thiamine, riboflavin, folate, vitamin B-6, iron, phosphorus, Mg, had lower PFA/SFA, and excreted less urea and K. In conclusion, INTERMAP results are consistent with other reports indicating that smokers have less healthful diets than nonsmokers. Public health interventions in smokers should focus not only on helping them to quit smoking but also on improving their diets to further reduce cancer and cardiovascular disease risks.
Differentiating the biological effects of linoleic acid from arachidonic acid in health and disease; Dietary fatty acids are associated with the development of many chronic diseases, such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, and several cancers. This review explores the literature surrounding the combined and individual roles of n-6 PUFAs linoleic acid (LA) and arachidonic acid (AA) as they relate to immune and inflammatory response, cardiovascular health, liver health, and cancer. The evidence suggests that a pro-inflammatory view of LA and AA may be over simplified. Overall, this review highlights gaps in our understanding of the biological roles of LA, AA and their complex relationship with n-3 PUFA and the need for future studies that examine the roles of individual fatty acids, rather than groups.
Physical fitness level is reflected by alterations in the human plasma metabolome; An excessive energy intake combined with a low level of physical activity induces detrimental processes involved in disease development, e.g. type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However the underlying mechanisms for regulation of metabolic capacity and fitness status remain unclear. Metabolomics involves global studies of the metabolic reactions in an organism or cell. Thus hypotheses regarding biochemical events can be generated to increase the understanding of disease development and thereby aid in the development of novel treatments or preventions. We present the first standardized intervention study focusing on characterizing the human metabolome in relation to moderate differences in cardiorespiratory fitness. Gas chromatography-time of flight/mass spectrometry (GC-TOF/MS) was used to characterize 460 plasma samples from 27 individuals divided into two groups based on physical fitness level (VO(2)max). Multi-and univariate between group comparisons based on 197 metabolites were carried out in samples collected at rest prior to any intervention, over time following a nutritional load or a standardized exercise scheme, with and without nutritional load. We detected decreased levels of gamma-tocopherol (GT), a vitamin E isomer, in response to a high fitness level, whereas the opposite was seen for the alpha isomer (AT). In addition, the high fitness level was associated with elevated omega 3-PUFA (DHA, 22 : 6 omega 3) and a decrease in omega 6-PUFA (18 : 2 omega 6) as well as in saturated (16 : 0, 18 : 0), monounsaturated (18 : 1) and trans (16 : 1) fatty acids. We thus hypothesize that high fitness status induces an increased cardiorespiratory inflammatory and antioxidant defense system, more prone to deal with the inflammatory response following exercise and nutrition intake.
Docosahexaenoic acid-rich fish oil improves heart rate variability and heart rate responses to exercise in overweight adults; Dietary fish oil supplementation and regular physical activity can improve outcomes in patients with established CVD. Exercise has been shown to improve heart rate variability (HRV), a predictor of cardiac death, but whether fish oil benefits HRV is controversial. Obese adults at risk of future coronary disease have impaired HRV and may benefit from these interventions. We evaluated the effect of DHA-rich tuna fish oil supplementation with and without regular exercise on HRV in sedentary, overweight adults with risk factors for coronary disease. In a randomised, double-blind, parallel comparison, sixty-five volunteers consumed 6g fish oil/d (DHA 1.56g/d, EPA 0.36 g/d) or sunflower-seed oil (placebo) for 12 weeks. Half of each oil group also undertook regular moderate physical activity (3 d/week for 45 min, at 75 % of age-predicted maximal heart rate (HR)). Resting HR and the HR response to submaximal exercise were measured at weeks 0, 6 and 12. In forty-six subjects, HRV was also assessed by power Spectrum analysis of 20 min electrocardiogram recordings taken supine at baseline and 12 weeks. Fish oil supplementation improved HRV by increasing high-frequency power, representing parasympathetic activity, compared with placebo (P=0.008; oil X time interaction). It also reduced HR at rest and during submaximal exercise (P=0.008 oil X time interaction), There were no significant fish oil X exercise interactions. Dietary supplementation with DHA-rich fish oil reduced HR and modulated HRV in keeping with an improved parasympathetic-sympathetic balance in overweight adults with risk factors for future coronary disease.
EFFECT OF DIETARY CARBON-18 FATTY-ACIDS ON GROWTH OF TRANSPLANTABLE MAMMARY ADENOCARCINOMAS IN MICE; The growth rates of 2 spontaneously developed mammary adenocarcinomas, one in a female C3H mouse and the other in a female BALB/c mouse, were determined after transplantation into isologous female mice fed a specific diet to which various edible fats or pure fatty acids were added. The 18-carbon fatty acids used contained 1 (oleate), 2 (linoleate) or 3 (linolenate and columbinate) double bonds in either the 5, 9, 12 or 15 positions. The transplanted tumors grew to a larger size in C3H mice fed the 10% corn oil diet (with .apprxeq. 60% linoleate content) than in those fed the 10% hydrogenated oil diet (without linoleate). The C3H mice fed diets with 1% linoleic acid developed significantly larger tumors than did those fed 1% oleic acid, whereas those fed 1% columbinic acid did not develop significantly heavier tumors compared to 1% oleic acid-fed mice. This finding occurred despite the fact that both oleate and columbinate were taken up and were incorporated into complex lipids by the transplanted tumor and the ratio of monoenoic:dienoic:polyenoic fatty acids in the neoplasms'' lipids from columbinate-fed mice was similar to that from linoleate-fed mice. Columbinate, similarly to linoleate, has both 9-cis and 12-cis double bonds, but it also possesses a trans double bond in the 5 position that apparently prevents its conversion to prostaglandins (PG). Production of PG apparently is required for tumor enhancement by dietary polyunsaturated fat. In the experiment with BALB/c mice, tumor growth was stimulated by 1% dietary linoleic acid but not by 1% linolenic acid when compared with that observed with 1% oleic acid. Thus, as a result of these new experiments, PG of series 1 or 2 are more likely to be involved in the process of tumor growth enhancement than are PG of series 3.
The effect of the apolipoprotein E genotype on response to personalized dietary advice intervention: findings from the Food4Me randomized controlled trial; Background: The apolipoprotein E (APOE) risk allele (epsilon 4) is associated with higher total cholesterol (TC), amplified response to saturated fatty acid (SFA) reduction, and increased cardiovascular disease. Although knowledge of gene risk may enhance dietary change, it is unclear whether epsilon 4 carriers would benefit from gene-based personalized nutrition (PN).
The correlation between dietary fat quality indices and lipid profile with Atherogenic index of plasma in obese and non-obese volunteers: a cross-sectional descriptive-analytic case-control study; Background and aim Abnormalities in lipid metabolism are commonly observed in patients who were obese. Alongside dyslipidemia, one of the markers in predicting the risk of cardiovascular disease is the Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP), which is related to dietary intake. Healthy fat quality indices might affect on AIP. The purpose of this study is to find the possible relationship between dietary fat quality, and AIP and comparison of these indices among obese and non-obese volunteers. Methods This study was a cross-sectional descriptive-analytic case-control study with 157 normal and overweight and obese volunteers (n = 71 normal, Age: 38.90 +/- 10.976 vsn = 86 overweight/obese, Age: 38.60 +/- 9.394) in the age range of 18-65 years. Food intake was measured using FFQ, anthropometric indices (weight, height, body mass index and waist to hip ratio), body composition (visceral fat level, total body water, body fat mass), and lipid profile were measured. Results Based on the present results, comparable biochemical parameters including TC (P = 0.580), TG (P = 0.362), LDL (P = 0.687) and HDL (P = 0.151) among overweight/obese volunteers as compared to normal ones were noticed. Effects of dietary fat quality, including Atherogenicity (AI) and Thrombogenicity (TI) hypo/hypercholesterolemic ratio (h/H), the Cholesterol-Saturated Fat Index (CSI) showed significantly higher AI (P = 0.012) in the overweight/obese group as compared to the normal group. Whereas, h/H (P = 0.034) and omega-6/omega-3 ratio (P = 0.004) were significantly higher in normal-weight volunteers. There was a positive correlation between AI, TI, CSI, SFA, MUFA, PUFA and omega-6/omega-3 ratio with AIP and negative correlation between h/H with AIP in both groups. Despite the significances of these correlations no strong relation was observed by doing multiple regression among normal and overweight/obese groups (R-2 = 0.210,R-2 = 0.387). Conclusions In summary, the present work proposes a direct relationship between dietary fat quality, increased BMI, and lipid abnormalities with AIP. Nevertheless, further large-scale studies are required to sustain a clear conclusion in this wish.
Oleate prevents palmitate-induced cytotoxic stress in cardiac myocytes; The cytotoxicity of saturated fatty acids has been implicated in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease, though their effects on cardiac myocytes are incompletely understood. We examined the effects of palmitate and the mono-unsaturated fatty acid oleate on neonatal rat ventricular myocyte cell biology. Palmitate (0.5 mM) increased oxidative stress, as well as activation of the stress-associated protein kinases (SAPK) p38, Erk1/2, and JNK, following 18 h and induced apoptosis in similar to 20% of cells after 24 h. Neither antioxidants nor SAPK inhibitors prevented palmitate-induced apoptosis. Low concentrations of oleate (0.1 mM) completely inhibited palmitate-induced oxidative stress, SAPK activation, and apoptosis. Increasing mitochondrial uptake of palmitate with L-carnitine decreased apoptosis, while decreasing uptake with the carnitine palmitoyl transferase-1 inhibitor perhexiline nearly doubled palmitate-induced apoptosis. These results support a model for palmitate-induced apoptosis, activation of SAPKs, and protein oxidative stress in myocytes that involves cytosolic accumulation of saturated fatty acids. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Natural Polypill <i>Xuezhikang</i>: Its Clinical Benefit and Potential Multicomponent Synergistic Mechanisms of Action in Cardiovascular Disease and Other Chronic Conditions; Polypill has been a hot issue since it was first advanced in 2003. This new concept immediately spurred a worldwide discussion. Xuezhikang is a partially purified extract of fermented red yeast rice (Monascus purpureus). It is composed of 13 kinds of natural statins, unsaturated fatty acids, ergosterol, amino acids, flavonoids, alkaloid, trace element, and other substances, and thus could be regarded as a natural lipid-lowering polypill. Interestingly, Xuezhikang in the China Coronary Secondary Prevention Study trial lowered lipid levels less as compared with provastatin in the Cholesterol and Recurrent Events trial, but seemed to gain more benefit in reducing the cardiovascular events and the risk of death from cancer. In recent years, Xuezhikang has been further demonstrated to have additional health benefits and thus raised great interest. This article reviews the clinical benefits of Xuezhikang and the potential multicomponent synergetic mechanism. The authors hold that polypill is anticipated to be a more effective and feasible way to treat complicated diseases.
Zinc Deficiency, Plasma Fatty Acid Profile and Desaturase Activities in Hemodialysis Patients: Is Supplementation Necessary?; Background: Desaturation and elongation are critical processes in endogenous metabolic fatty acid pathways. Zinc (Zn) is a cofactor for desaturases and elongases enzymes. There is limited evidence regarding the relationships between biomarkers of Zn status, nutritional intake, plasma phospholipid fatty acid profile and clinical outcomes among patients undergoing hemodialysis (HD).</p>
Assessing POR and CYB5R1 oxidoreductase-mediated oxidative rupture of PUFA in liposomes; Lipid peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) phospholipids induces necrotic cell death through compromised cell membrane integrity during ferrop-tosis. We established assays to investigate oxidoreductase-mediated oxidative rupture, specifically via NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase (POR) and NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase (CYB5R1), of PUFA phospholipids in artificially generated protein-free liposomes. Liposome breakage was detected via Tb3+ liposome release and electron microscopy liposome morphology imaging. This protocol was also applied to other oxidoreductases with analogous functions and investigation of ferroptotic membrane damage in cell-free systems.For complete details on the use and execution of this protocol, please refer to Yan et al. (2020).
Fish oil promotes survival and protects against cognitive decline in severely undernourished mice by normalizing satiety signals; Severe malnutrition resulting from anorexia nervosa or involuntary starvation leads to low weight, cognitive deficits and increased mortality rates. In the present study, we examined whether fish oil supplementation, compared with that of canola oil, would ameliorate the morbidity and mortality associated with these conditions by normalizing endocannabinoid and monoaminergic systems as well as other systems involved in satiety and cognitive function within the hypothalamus and hippocampus. Female Sabra mice restricted to 40% of their daily food intake exhibited decreased body weight, were sickly in appearance, displayed cognitive deficits and had increased mortality rates. Strikingly, fish oil supplementation that contains high omega-3 fatty acids levels decreased mortality and morbidity, and normalized the expression of genes and neurotransmitters in the hippocampus and hypothalamus. Fish oil supplementation, but not canola oil, increased survival rates, improved general appearance and prevented cognitive decline, despite the facts that both diets contained an equivalent number of calories and that there were no differences in weight between mice maintained on the two diets in 100% but decrease in the 40%. In the hypothalamus, the beneficial effects of fish oil supplementation were related to normalization of the endocannabinoid 2-arachidonylglycerol, serotonin (5-HT) (P<.056), dopamine, neuropeptide Y (NPY) and Ca2+/calmodulin (CaM)-dependent protein kinase (Camkk2). In the hippocampus, fish oil supplementation normalized 5-HT, Camkk2, silent mating type information regulation 1 and brain-derived neurotrophic factor. In conclusion, dietary supplements of fish oil, as source of omega-3 fatty acids, may alleviate cognitive impairments associated with severe diet restriction and prolong survival independently of weight gain by normalizing neurochemical systems. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Atrial Fibrillation in the 21st Century: A Current Understanding of Risk Factors and Primary Prevention Strategies; Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common arrhythmia worldwide, and it has a significant effect on morbidity and mortality. It is a significant risk factor for stroke and peripheral embolization, and it has an effect on cardiac function. Despite widespread interest and extensive research on this topic, our understanding of the etiology and pathogenesis of this disease process is still incomplete. As a result, there are no set primary preventive strategies in place apart from general cardiology risk factor prevention goals. It seems intuitive that a better understanding of the risk factors for AF would better prepare medical professionals to initially prevent or subsequently treat these patients. In this article, we discuss widely established risk factors for AF and explore newer risk factors currently being investigated that may have implications in the primary prevention of AF. For this review, we conducted a search of PubMed and used the following search terms (or a combination of terms): atrial fibrillation, metabolic syndrome, obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, exercise toxicity, alcohol abuse, and treatment. We also used additional articles that were identified from the bibliographies of the retrieved articles to examine the published evidence for the risk factors of AF. (C) 2013 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research square Mayo Clin Proc. 2013; 88(4): 394-409
Obesity, Hyperlipidemia, and Metabolic Syndrome; 1. Obesity is increasingly common among liver transplantation (LT) recipients and donors. Outcomes following LT for selected patients with class I-III obesity are similar to those for nonobese recipients. In patients who are other-wise satisfactory candidates for LT, a high body mass index, as long as it does not present a technical barrier, should not be considered to be an absolute contraindication to LT.
Novel Treatments in Neuroprotection for Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage; New neuroprotective treatments aimed at preventing or minimizing "delayed brain injury" are attractive areas of investigation and hold the potential to have substantial beneficial effects on aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (aSAH) survivors. The underlying mechanisms for this "delayed brain injury" are multi-factorial and not fully understood. The most ideal treatment strategies would have the potential for a pleotropic effect positively modulating multiple implicated pathophysiological mechanisms at once. My personal management (RFJ) of patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage closely follows those treatment recommendations contained in modern published guidelines. However, over the last 5 years, I have also utilized a novel treatment strategy, originally developed at the University of Maryland, which consists of a 14-day continuous low-dose intravenous heparin infusion (LDIVH) beginning 12 h after securing the ruptured aneurysm. In addition to its well-known anti-coagulant properties, unfractionated heparin has potent anti-inflammatory effects and through multiple mechanisms may favorably modulate the neurotoxic and neuroinflammatory processes prominent in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. In my personal series of patients treated with LDIVH, I have found significant preservation of neurocognitive function as measured by the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) compared to a control cohort of my patients treated without LDIVH (RFJ unpublished data presented at the 2015 AHA/ASA International Stroke Conference symposium on neuroinflammation in aSAH and in abstract format at the 2015 AANS/CNS Joint Cerebrovascular Section Annual Meeting). It is important for academic physicians involved in the management of these complex patients to continue to explore new treatment options that may be protective against the potentially devastating "delayed brain injury" following cerebral aneurysm rupture. Several of the treatment options included in this review show promise and could be carefully adopted as the level of evidence for each improves. Other proposed neuroprotective treatments like statins and magnesium sulfate were previously thought to be very promising and to varying degrees were adopted at numerous institutions based on somewhat limited human evidence. Recent clinical trials and meta-analysis have shown no benefit for these treatments, and I currently no longer utilize either treatment as prophylaxis in my practice.
Lipid profile of rats fed high-fat diets based on flaxseed, peanut, trout, or chicken skin; Objective: Dietary saturated fatty acids are associated with coronary disease. Conversety, dietary monounsaturated polyunsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) seem to exert a protective effect. This study evaluated the lipid profile of rats fed high-fat (HF) diets, with fat added as different sources of PUFA (flaxseed and trout), MUFA (peanut), and saturated fatty acid (chicken skin).
Evaluation of a high-EPA oil from transgenic <i>Camelina sativa</i> in feeds for Atlantic salmon (<i>Salmo salar</i> L.): Effects on tissue fatty acid composition, histology and gene expression; Currently, one alternative for dietary fish oil (FO) in aquafeeds is vegetable oils (VO) that are devoid of omega-3 (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs). Entirely new sources of n-3 LC-PUFA such as eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids through de novo production are a potential solution to fill the gap between supply and demand of these important nutrients. Camelina sativa was metabolically engineered to produce a seed oil (ECO) with >20% EPA and its potential to substitute for FO in Atlantic salmon feeds was tested. Fish were fed with one of the three experimental diets containing FO, wild-type camelina oil (WCO) or ECO as the sole lipid sources for 7 weeks. Inclusion of ECO did not affect any of the performance parameters studied and enhanced apparent digestibility of individual n-6 and n-3 PUFA compared to dietaryWCO. High levels of EPA were maintained in brain, liver and intestine (pyloric caeca), and levels of DPA and DHA were increased in liver and intestine of fish fed ECO compared to fish fed WCO likely due to increased LC-PUFA biosynthesis based on up-regulation of the genes. Fish fed ECO showed slight lipid accumulation within hepatocytes similar to that with WCO, although not significantly different to fish fed FO. The regulation of a small number of genes could be attributed to the specific effect of ECO (311 features) with metabolismbeing the most affected category. The EPA oil from transgenic Camelina (ECO) could be used as a substitute for FO, however it is a hybrid oil containing both FO (EPA) and VO (18:2n-6) fatty acid signatures that resulted in similarly mixed metabolic and physiological responses. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
The association between fatty acid quality indices and quality of life among overweight and obese women: A cross-sectional study; BackgroundReduced quality of life (QOL) is a major public health challenge affecting the global population. Fatty acid quality indices (FAQIs) are novel determinants of QOL and may impact various aspects of QOL. Prior research has established a significant link between dietary habits and QOL. However, the association between FAQIs and specific dimensions of QOL has not been established. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the association between FAQIs and QOL in overweight and obese women. MethodsIn total, 378 adult overweight or obese women participated in this cross-sectional study. Several anthropometric indices, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and biochemical factors were measured using standard protocols. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated and reliable semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (the FFQ, 147 items). The cholesterol-saturated fat index (CSI) and the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 (N6/N3) essential fatty acids consumed were employed as FAQIs. The SF-36 questionnaire was administered to measure QOL. Linear logistic regression was used, in the form of raw and adjusted models, to evaluate the associations between FAQIs and QOL. ResultsThe study sample consisted of 279 participants for whom omega-6/omega-3 ratio was measured and 378 participants for whom CSI was measured. The mean (+/- SD) age of participants was 36.65 +/- 9.07 years. Linear logistic regression, with adjustment for potential confounders, such as age, energy intake, body mass index, employment, and thyroid status, indicated that omega-6/omega-3 intake ratio was negatively and marginally significantly associated with general health (beta = -139.94, 95% CI: [-286.54, 6.66]; p = 0.061) and physical role limitations (beta= -337.68, 95% CI: [-679.99, 1.61]; p = 0.051). A significant negative association was observed between omega-6/omega-3 intake ratio and social functioning (beta = -247.54, 95% CI: [-458.14, -36.94]; p = 0.021), which indicates that obese and overweight women with a higher omega-6/omega-3 intake ratio obtained lower scores on social functioning. ConclusionsIt was found that FAQI scores were negatively associated with certain QOL measures among overweight and obese Iranian women, suggesting that a higher consumption of fatty acids, especially trans and saturated fatty acids, may be associated with lower QOL.
Effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids high fat diet intervention on the synthesis of hepatic high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in obesity-insulin resistance rats; Background: n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have previously been demonstrated in association with a reduced risk of chronic diseases, including insulin resistance, cancer and cardiovascular disease. In the present study, we analyzed the effects of n-3 PUFA-rich perilla oil (PO) and fish oil (FO) high fat diet intervention against the synthesis of hepatic high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) in obesity-insulin resistance model rats.
Maternal n-3 enriched diet reprograms the offspring neurovascular transcriptome and blunts inflammation induced by endotoxin in the neonate; Infection during the perinatal period can adversely affect brain development, predispose infants to ischemic stroke and have lifelong consequences. We previously demonstrated that diet enriched in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) transforms brain lipid composition in the offspring and protects the neonatal brain from stroke, in part by blunting injurious immune responses. Critical to the interface between the brain and systemic circulation is the vasculature, endothelial cells in particular, that support brain homeostasis and provide a barrier to systemic infection. Here, we examined whether maternal PUFA-enriched diets exert reprograming of endothelial cell signalling in postnatal day 9 mice after modeling aspects of infection using LPS. Transcriptome analysis was performed on microvessels isolated from brains of pups from dams maintained on 3 different maternal diets from gestation day 1: standard, n-3 enriched or n-6 enriched diets. Depending on the diet, in endothelial cells LPS produced distinct regulation of pathways related to immune response, cell cycle, extracellular matrix, and angiogenesis. N-3 PUFA diet enabled higher immune reactivity in brain vasculature, while preventing imbalance of cell cycle regulation and extracellular matrix cascades that accompanied inflammatory response in standard diet. Cytokine analysis revealed a blunted LPS response in blood and brain of offspring from dams on n-3 enriched diet. Analysis of cerebral vasculature in offspring in vivo revealed no differences in vessel density. However, vessel complexity was decreased in response to LPS at 72 h in standard and n-6 diets. Thus, LPS modulates specific transcriptomic changes in brain vessels of offspring rather than major structural vessel characteristics during early life. N-3 PUFA-enriched maternal diet in part prevents an imbalance in homeostatic processes, alters inflammation and ultimately mitigates changes to the complexity of surface vessel networks that result from infection. Importantly, maternal diet may presage offspring neurovascular outcomes later in life.
Induction of apoptosis and apoptotic mediators in Balb/C splenic lymphocytes by dietary n-3 and n-6 fatty acids; The present study was designed to investigate the effect of dietary n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on anti-CD3 and anti-fas antibody-induced apoptosis and its mediators in mouse spleen cells. Nutritionally adequate semipurified diets containing either 5% w/w corn oil (n-6 PUFA) or fish oil (n-3 PUFA) were fed to weanling female Balb/C mice, and 24 wk later mice were sacrificed. In n-3 PUFA-fed mice, serum and splenocyte lipid peroxides were increased by 20 and 28.3% respectively, compared to n-6 PUFA-fed mice. Further, serum vitamin E levels were decreased by 50% in the n-3 PUFA-fed group, whereas higher anti-Fas- and anti-CD3-induced apoptosis (65 and 66%) and necrosis (17 and 25%), compared to the n-6 PUFA-fed group, were found when measured with Annexin V and propidium iodide staining, respectively. In addition, decreased Bcl-2 and increased Fas-ligand (Fas-L) also were observed in the n-3 PUFA-fed group compared to the n-6 PUFA-fed group. No difference in the ratio of splenocyte subsets nor their Fas expression was observed between the n-3 PUFA-fed and n-6 PUFA-fed groups, whereas decreased proliferation of splenocytes was found in n-3 PUFA-fed mice compared to n-6 PUFA-fed mice. In conclusion, our results indicate that dietary n-3 PUFA induces higher apoptosis by increasing the generation of lipid peroxides and elevating Fas-L expression along with decreasing Bcl-2 expression. A reduced proliferative response of immune cells also was observed in n-3 PUFA-fed mice.
Protection of Cardiac Cell-to-Cell Coupling Attenuate Myocardial Remodeling and Proarrhythmia Induced by Hypertension; Gap junction connexin channels are important determinants of myocardial conduction and synchronization that is crucial for coordinated heart function. One of the main risk factors for cardiovascular events that results in heart attack, congestive heart failure, stroke as well as sudden arrhythmic death is hypertension. Mislocalization and/or dysfunction of specific connexin-43 channels due to hypertension-induced myocardial remodeling have been implicated in the occurrence of life-threatening arrhythmias and heart failure in both, humans as well as experimental animals. Recent studies suggest that down-regulation of myocardial connexin-43, its abnormal distribution and/or phosphorylation might be implicated in this process. On the other hand, treatment of hypertensive animals with cardioprotective drugs (e.g. statins) or supplementation with non-pharmacological compounds, such as melatonin, omega-3 fatty acids and red palm oil protects from lethal arrhythmias. The antiarrhythmic effects are attributed to the attenuation of myocardial connexin-43 abnormalities associated with preservation of myocardial architecture and improvement of cardiac conduction. Findings uncover novel mechanisms of cardioprotective (antihypertensive and antiarrhythmic) effects of compounds that are used in clinical settings. Well-designed trials are needed to explore the antiarrhythmic potential of these compounds in patients suffering from hypertension.
The milk fat: membranes, composition and structure; The milk fat composition is characterized by a predominance of triacylglycerols (TG), very numerous and widely varying dimensions, aspects due to a variety of over 400 different fatty acids already identified. The characteristics of chemical, physical and rheological properties of the fat in milk are linked to the size and to the unsaturation of fatty acids hydrocarbon chains, ranging from 4 to 20 total carbon atoms and 0 to 3 double bonds present. The fatty acid composition of milk fat was considered too rich in saturated fatty acids and therefore is not considered as optimal lipid food source for health protection with regard to cardiovascular disease. In addition to triglycerides and fatty acids, milk fat contains small amounts of substances, so-called "minor", such as diglycerides, monoglycerides, and unsaponifiable components. Among them are: squalene, carotenoid pigments, tocopherols, sterols and other fat-soluble vitamins. Among the sterols dominates over 99.7% cholesterol.
Effects of icosapent ethyl on lipoprotein particle concentration and size in statin-treated patients with persistent high triglycerides (the ANCHOR Study); BACKGROUND: Icosapent ethyl (IPE) is a high-purity prescription form of eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester approved at a dose of 4 g/day as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglyceride (TG) levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia (TG >= 500 mg/dL).
Ferroptosis as a new therapeutic opportunity for nonviral liver disease; Nonviral liver disease is a global public health problem due to its high mortality and morbidity. However, its underlying mechanism is unclear. Ferroptosis is a novel form of cell death that is involved in a variety of disease processes. Both abnormal iron metabolism (e.g., iron overload) and lipid peroxidation, which is induced by deletion of glutathione (GSH) or glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4), and the accumulation of polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing phospholipids (PUFA-PLs) trigger ferroptosis. Recently, ferroptosis has been involved in the pathological process of nonviral liver diseases [including alcohol-related liver disease (ALD); nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); hereditary hemochromatosis (HH); drug-, ischemia/reperfusion- or immune-induced liver injury; liver fibrosis; and liver cancer]. Hepatocyte ferroptosis is activated in ALD; NAFLD; HH; drug-, ischemia/ reperfusion- or immune-induced liver injury; and liver fibrosis, whereas hepatic stellate cell and liver cancer cell ferroptosis are inhibited in liver fibrosis and liver cancer, respectively. Thus, ferroptosis is an ideal target for nonviral liver diseases. In the present review, we discuss the latest findings on ferroptosis and potential drugs targeting ferroptosis for nonviral liver diseases. This review will highlight further directions for the treatment and prevention of nonviral liver diseases.
CYP epoxygenase metabolites of docosahexaenoic acid protect HL-1 cardiac cells against LPS-induced cytotoxicity through SIRT1; Bacterial LPS is an environmental toxin capable of promoting various cardiac complications. Current evidence suggests that LPS-induced myocardial dysfunction emerges as a consequence of compromised quality of cardiac mitochondria. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n3) is an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), which produces a broad spectrum of intrinsic physiological effects including regulation of cell survival and death mechanisms. Although, numerous studies revealed fundamentally beneficial effects of DHA on cardiovascular system, it remains unknown whether these effects were produced by DHA or one of its possibly more potent metabolites. Emerging evidence indicates that cytochrome P450 (CYP) epoxygenase metabolites of DHA, epoxydocosapentaenoic acids (EDPs), produce more potent biological activity compared to its precursor DHA. In this study, we investigated whether DHA and its metabolite 19,20-EDP could protect HL-1 cardiac cells against LPS-induced cytotoxicity. We provide evidence that exogenously added or DHA-derived EDPs promote mitochondrial biogenesis and function in HL-1 cardiac cells. Our results illustrate the CYP epoxygenase metabolite of DHA, 19,20-EDP, confers extensive protection to HL-1 cardiac cells against LPS-induced cytotoxicity via activation of SIRT1.
Lipids, depression and physical diseases; There is a growing body of evidence which consistently suggests that membrane lipid abnormalities occur in major depression. Omega-3 essential fatty acids, in particular docosahexaenoic acid (a member of the omega-3 family), seem to be depleted in depression. Recent prospective studies have confirmed that depression is a major predictor of coronary heart disease and hypertension and is associated with the onset and course of non-insulin dependent diabetes. Polyunsaturated fatty acids are implicated in each of these physical diseases. In view of these findings the way depression is perceived and treated may need to be re-examined.
Fish oil significantly alters fatty acid profiles in various lipid fractions but not atherogenesis in apo E-KO mice; Background Consumption of fish oil and n-3 fatty acids is associated with beneficial modifications in plasma lipid levels. The impact of these modifications on development of atherosclerotic lesions merits further investigation.
Nutraceuticals in Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome; P>Metabolic syndrome represents a clustering of risk factors related to an elevated risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Occurrence of both metabolic syndrome and diabetes and their vascular complications share several pathogenetic features including subclinical, low-grade inflammation, altered oxidative/antioxidant status, and persistent platelet activation. Despite the availability of multiple interventions to counteract these metabolic changes, including appropriate diet, regular exercise, weight control and drugs, epidemiological data are witnessing the growing trend of the problem, reflecting both the multifactorial nature of these diseases as well as the scarce compliance of patients to established strategies. Several nutraceuticals used in clinical practice have been shown to target the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and their complications and to favorably modulate a number of biochemical and clinical endpoints. These compounds include antioxidant vitamins, such as vitamins C and E, flavonoids, vitamin D, conjugated linoleic acid, omega-3 fatty acids, minerals such as chromium and magnesium, alpha-lipoic acid, phytoestrogens, and dietary fibers. Several areas of concern exist regarding the use of dietary supplements and nutraceuticals in this setting, including product standardization, definition of optimal dosing regimen, potential side effects, drug interactions, and need for evidence-based indications.
PROMOTIONAL AND PROTECTIVE NUTRITIONAL ASPECTS OF THE CARDIOVASCULAR ILLNESSES; In Brazil, cardiovascular diseases firstly appear among the death causes and represent almost one-third of the total deaths. Among the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases, there are some habits related to the life style, as the diet plenty of energy, saturated fats, cholesterol and salt, as well as the consumption of alcoholic beverage, smoking and sedentary. The health benefits promoted by a new food category, deserve prominences, for offering protection against the development of cardiovascular diseases, like soy, oats, fibers, flex seed, fish which are rich in omega 3, garlic, tomato, green tea, grape, among others. The present revision means to argue the role of promotional and protective foods of cardiovascular diseases. In general, the foods which are mentioned on this review have shown an important role in reducing dislipidemias, in increasing HDL cholesterol, in developing an antioxidant action, in reducing systemic blood pressure, and in reducing plaquetary aggregation. The knowledge about these foods is greatly important due to the high incidence of these chronic diseases in the majority of the population, avoiding them to have an alternative, not pharmacological, for their control.
THE EFFECT OF FISH-OIL ON BLOOD-PRESSURE AND HIGH-DENSITY LIPOPROTEIN-CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN PHASE-I OF THE TRIALS OF HYPERTENSION PREVENTION; Objective: To study the effects of moderate doses of fish oil on blood pressure and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol.
DIETARY-LIPID MODIFICATION OF MYOCARDIAL EICOSANOIDS FOLLOWING ISCHEMIA AND REPERFUSION IN THE RAT; Several different edible oils were compared for their ability to modify eicosanoid biosynthesis following experimentally-induced myocardial ischemia and reperfusion in the rat. Two types of palm oil [neutralized, bleached, and deodorized (NBDPO) and refined, bleached, and deodorized (RBDPO)] and partially hydrogenated soybean oil (SBO) were tested against a diet supplemented with sunflower seed oil (SSO) rich in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Fish oil (FO) rich in n-3 PUFA, with its known cardioprotective actions, served as an internal reference point for the study. Test oils were fed as a 12% (w/w) supplement for nine months before the induction of myocardial ischemia and reperfusion. Palm oil diets exerted effects indistinguishable from the SBO group against cardiac arrhythmia, which occurred following alterations to coronary blood flow. Arrhythmic potentials, as expressed by a hierarchical scale (0-9) of arrhythmia score, were: SSO, 1.5 +/- 0.5; FO, 0.9 +/- 0.4; SBO, 3.1 +/- 0.5*; NBDPO, 3.2 +/- 0.5*; RBDPO, 3.3 +/- 0.6*; *P < 0.05 vs. SSO. Following ischemia and reperfusion, both SSO and RBDPO groups tended to show an increase in myocardial prostacyclin, with the effect being more prominent in the RBDPO group (SSO, 10%; RBDPO, 25%). Thromboxane production was reduced in the FO group. Interestingly, cardiac muscle from both FO and palm oil groups displayed a reduced capacity to produce 12-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid SSO, 591.9 +/- 95.8; SBO, 375.5 +/- 48.9; NBDPO, 287.2 +/- 64.7*; RBDPO, 230.9 +/- 80.2**; FO, 203.7 +/- 81.4** (ng/g dry wt, *P < 0.05, **P < 0.01). No clear relationship was seen between the availability of 20:4n-6 in myocardial phospholipids and eicosanoid profile. Data suggests that fatty acid composition of edible oils is not the only determinant of arrhythmic vulnerability and eicosanoid production.
Inflammatory markers in patients with metabolic syndrome after the intake of fatty acids n-3 and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA); Introduction: The metabolic syndrome (MS) increa ses the odds of dying for cardiovascular disease, the world's leading cause of death. It has been shown that polyunsaturated fatty acids have a protective role in cardiovascular disease and its comorbidities.
Determination of the seasonal changes on total fatty acid composition and ω3/ω6 ratios of carp (<i>Cyprinus carpio</i> L.) muscle lipids in Beysehir Lake (Turkey); The muscle lipid and fatty acid composition of carp, Cyprinus carpio in Beysehir Lake the largest freshwater lake in Turkey, was determined. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of carp, the most abundant fish species in Beysehir Lake, were found to be higher than those of saturated fatty acids (SFA) in spring, summer and autumn and also the monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) in spring and summer. Palmitic acid was the major SFA (14.6-16.6%) in all seasons. Oleic acid was identified as the major MUFA (15.1-20.3%). Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was the major PUFA in summer and winter, whereas linoleic acid (LA) was the major PUFA in spring and autumn. The percentages of total omega 3 fatty acid were higher than those of total omega 6 fatty acid in the fatty acid composition of carp in winter. It was shown that the fatty acid composition in the muscle of carp was significantly influenced by feeding period and seasons. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary fat in relation to risk of multiple sclerosis among two large cohorts of women; Ecologic correlations suggest that higher intake of saturated fat and lower intake of polyunsaturated fat might increase the risk of multiple sclerosis (MS), but the results of case-control studies have been inconsistent. Because no prospective data are available, the authors examined these associations in two large cohorts, the Nurses' Health Study, which consisted of 92,422 women with 14 years of follow-up (1980-1994) and the Nurses' Health Study II, which consisted of 95,389 women with 4 years of follow-up (1991-1995). They documented 195 new cases of MS. The pooled multivariate relative risks comparing women in the highest quintile with those in the lowest were 1.1 (95% confidence interval: 0.7, 1.7) for total fat, 0.7 (95% confidence interval: 0.5, 1.2) for animal fat, 1.2 (95% confidence interval: 0.7, 2.1) for vegetable fat, 0.8 (95% confidence interval: 0.5, 1.3) for saturated fat, 1.1 (95% confidence interval: 0.7, 1.7) for monounsaturated fat, 1.7 (95% confidence interval 1.0, 2.8) for n-6 polyunsaturated fat, 1.3 (95% confidence interval: 0.8, 2.0) for trans unsaturated fat, and 0.7 (95% confidence interval: 0.4, 1.1) for cholesterol. Omega-3 fatty acids from fish were also unrelated to risk. However, the authors observed a nonsignificantly lower risk of MS for a higher intake of linolenic acid. These findings do not support relations between intakes of total fat or major specific types of fat and the risk of MS.
The Effect of Fish Oil Supplementation on Heart rate in Healthy Danish Infants; Polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids (n-3PUFA) may improve brain development and prevent cardiovascular disease. Heart rhythm is autonomically controlled and among the affected cardiovascular risk markers in adults. The aim of the study was to examine whether fish oil supplementation in late infancy could modify heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV). In a 2 x 2-intervention, 83 healthy Danish infants were randomized to +/- fish oil (3.4 +/- 1.1 mL/d) and cow's milk or infant formula from 9 to 12 no of age. In 57 infants, 0.5-h ECG recordings were successfully obtained before and after the intervention and erythrocyte fatty acid composition was determined in 30 of these. Fish oil supplementation raised erythrocyte n-3PUFA content (p < 0.001). No significant group differences were seen in HR or HRV. However, a fish-oil X gender interaction was observed on mean RR interval (p = 0.001) with a 6% longer mean RR interval in fish-oil-supplemented boys (p = 0.007). Irrespective of gender, there was a positive association between the Sand 12-mo changes in RR interval and erythrocyte n-3PUFA (p < 0.001). In infants with confirmed changes in erythrocyte n-3PUFA, mean RR interval was found to be longer (p = 0.011) in the fish-oil-supplemented groups. The study suggests that fish oil may affect heart rhythm in infants similar to that observed in adults. This may imply low n-3PUFA-status in late infancy and n-3PUFA influence on CNS function. (Pediatr Res 64: 610-614, 2008)
Soy isoflavones and fatty acids: Effects on bone tissue postovariectomy in mice; Osteoporosis is a silent disease that leads to fragility fractures that can diminish quality of life and contribute to death. With no ideal drug treatment available to manage osteoporosis, soy isoflavones (ISO), and omega-3 long chain PUFAs in fish oil (FO) may be integral in a dietary strategy that prevents bone loss. The overall objective of this study was to determine if combining ISO with omega-3 long chain PUFAs resulted in greater protection against the loss of bone mineral and skeletal weakening in ovariectomized mice. Ovariectomized CD-I mice were randomized to control diet or a diet containing ISO alone (250 mg of genistein + 250 mg of daidzein/kg diet), FO alone (7% menhaden oil), or ISO + FO. Each dietary intervention prevented the loss of bone mineral density (BMD) in the femur and preserved femur strength, but only FO, either alone or combined with ISO, resulted in a higher BMD of lumbar vertebra (LV). Most notably, FO + ISO resulted in a higher peak load of LV4, indicating that vertebra were more resistant to fracture. Whether a dietary strategy providing FO in combination with ISO attenuates bone loss in postmenopausal women awaits investigation.
Fatting the brain: a brief of recent research; Fatty acids are of paramount importance to all cells, since they provide energy, function as signaling molecules, and sustain structural integrity of cellular membranes. In the nervous system, where fatty acids are found in huge amounts, they participate in its development and maintenance throughout life. Growing evidence strongly indicates that fatty acids in their own right are also implicated in pathological conditions, including neurodegenerative diseases, mental disorders, stroke, and trauma. In this review, we focus on recent studies that demonstrate the relationships between fatty acids and function and dysfunction of the nervous system. Fatty acids stimulate gene expression and neuronal activity, boost synaptogenesis and neurogenesis, and prevent neuroinflammation and apoptosis. By doing so, they promote brain development, ameliorate cognitive functions, serve as anti-depressants and anti-convulsants, bestow protection against traumatic insults, and enhance repairing processes. On the other hand, unbalance between different fatty acid families or excess of some of them generate deleterious side effects, which limit the translatability of successful results in experimental settings into effective therapeutic strategies for humans. Despite these constraints, there exists realistic evidence to consider that nutritional therapies based on fatty acids can be of benefit to several currently incurable nervous system diseases.
Anti-Apoptotic Effects of Docosahexaenoic Acid in IL-1β-Induced Human Chondrosarcoma Cell Death through Involvement of the MAPK Signaling Pathway; Osteoarthritis (OA) is a degenerative disease characterized by progressive articular cartilage destruction and joint marginal osteophyte formation with different degrees of synovitis. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an unsaturated fatty acid with anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and antiapoptotic functions. In this study, the human chondrosarcoma cell line SW1353 was cultured in vitro, and an OA cell model was constructed with inflammatory factor IL-1 beta stimulation. After cells were treated with DHA, cell apoptosis was measured. Western blot assay was used to detect protein expression of apoptosis-related factors (Bax, Bcl-2, and cleaved caspase-3) and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway family members, including extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), c-JUN N-terminal kinase (JNK), and p38 MAPK. Our results show that IL-1 beta promotes the apoptosis of SW1353 cells, increases the expression of Bax and cleaved caspase-3, and activates the MAPK signaling pathway. In contrast, DHA inhibits the expression of IL-1 beta, inhibits IL-1 beta-induced cell apoptosis, and has a certain inhibitory effect on the activation of the MAPK signaling pathway. When the MAPK signaling pathway is inhibited by its inhibitors, the effects of DHA on SW1353 cells are weakened. Thus, DHA enhances the apoptosis of SW1353 cells through the MAPK signaling pathway.
Clinical review of treatment options for major depressive disorder in patients with coronary heart disease; It is established that the prevalence of major depressive disorder (MDD) in coronary heart disease (CHD) populations is high and is associated with increased mortality. In this systematic review, we examined the evidence for the effective treatment of MDD in CHD patients by reviewing randomized control trials (RCTs) between 1980 and 2011 and then assessing whether these treatments were clinically meaningful. A total of 8 RCTs were retrieved. Sertraline, citalopram, and mirtazapine were safe from a cardiac perspective, but only sertraline and citalopram were clearly more effective than placebo in CHD patients with moderate-to-severe type, recurrent MDD, or MDD episode onset before the CHD event. Augmenting sertraline with omega-3 fatty acids did not result in superior depression outcomes. Cognitive-behavioral therapy was equivocally superior to usual care. Interpersonal psychotherapy was only superior to clinical management in patients with high baseline functional status. Exercise is a potential treatment for those with mild depression. Saudi Med J 2012; Vol. 33 (11): 1159-1168
ENRICHED ENDOGENOUS n-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS ALLEVIATE COGNITIVE AND BEHAVIORAL DEFICITS IN A MICE MODEL OF ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that accompanied by memory deficits and neuropsychiatric dysfunction. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have seemly therapeutic potential in AD, but the benefit of n-3 PUFAs is still in debates. Here, we employed a transgenic mice carry fat-1 gene to encode n-3 desaturase from Caenorhabditis elegans, which increase endogenous n-3 PUFAs by converting n-6 PUFAs to n-3 PUFAs crossed with amyloid precursor protein (APP) Tg mice to evaluate the protective effects of endogenous n-3 PUFAs on cognitive and behavioral deficits of APP Tg mice. We fed APP, APP/fat-1 and fat-1 mice with n-6 PUFAs rich diet. Brain tissues were collected at 3, 9 and 12 months for fatty acid and gene expression analysis, histology and protein assays. Morris Water Maze Test, open field test and elevated plus maze test were performed to measure the behavior capability. From the results, the expression of fat-1 transgene increased cortical n-3: n-6 PUFAs ratio and n-3 PUFAs concentrations, and sensorimotor dysfunction and cognitive deficits in AD were significantly less severe in APP/fat-1 mice with endogenous n-3 PUFAs than in APP mice controls. The protection against disturbance of spontaneous motor activity and cognitive deficits in AD was strongly correlated with increased n-3: n-6 PUFAs ratio and endogenous n-3 PUFAs, reduced APP generation, inhibited amyloid beta peptide aggregation, suppressed nuclear factor-kappa B and astroglia activation, and reduced death of neurons in the cortex of APP/fat-1 mice compared with APP mice controls. In conclusion, our study demonstrates that an available medication with the maintenance of enriched n-3 PUFAs in the brain could slow down cognitive decline and prevent neuropsychological disorder in AD. (C) 2016 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fish Oil Increases Diet-Induced Thermogenesis in Mice; Increasing energy expenditure (EE) is beneficial for preventing obesity. Diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) is one of the components of total EE. Therefore, increasing DIT is effective against obesity. We examined how much fish oil (FO) increased DIT by measuring absolute values of DIT in mice. C57BL/6J male mice were given diets of 30 energy% fat consisting of FO or safflower oil plus butter as control oil (Con). After administration for 9 days, respiration in mice was monitored, and then the data were used to calculate DIT and EE. DIT increased significantly by 1.2-fold in the FO-fed mice compared with the Con-fed mice. Body weight gain was significantly lower in the FO-fed mice. FO increased the levels of uncoupling protein 1 (Ucp1) mRNA and UCP1 protein in brown adipose tissue (BAT) by 1.5- and 1.2-fold, respectively. In subcutaneous white adipose tissue (subWAT), the levels of Ucp1 mRNA and UCP1 protein were increased by 6.3- and 2.7-fold, respectively, by FO administration. FO also significantly increased the expression of markers of browning in subWAT such as fibroblast growth factor 21 and cell death-inducing DNA fragmentation factor alpha-like effector a. Thus, dietary FO seems to increase DIT in mice via the increased expressions of Ucp1 in BAT and induced browning of subWAT. FO might be a promising dietary fat in the prevention of obesity by upregulation of energy metabolism.
Culture of common carp (<i>Cyprinus carpio</i>) with defined flesh quality for prevention of cardiovascular diseases using finishing feeding strategy; OBJECTIVES: Fish is the major source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) which are well known to have positive effects in prevention of cardiovascular diseases. This study investigated the possibility to produce common carp with defined flesh quality using finishing feeding strategy and predict changes of fillet FA by a dilution model.
Fish Oil Supplementation Reduces Inflammation but Does Not Restore Renal Function and Klotho Expression in an Adenine-Induced CKD Model; Background: Chronic kidney disease and inflammation promote loss of Klotho expression. Given the well-established anti-inflammatory effects of omega-3 fatty acids, we aimed to investigate the effect of fish oil supplementation in a model of CKD. Methods: Male C57BL/6 mice received supplementation with an adenine-enriched diet (AD, n = 5) or standard diet (CTL, n = 5) for 10 days. Two other experimental groups were kept under the adenine diet for 10 days. Following adenine withdrawal on the 11th day, the animals returned to a standard diet supplemented with fish oil (Post AD-Fish oil, n = 9) or not (Post AD-CTL, n = 9) for an additional period of 7 days. Results: Adenine mice exhibited significantly higher mean serum urea, creatinine, and renal expression of the pro-inflammatory markers Interleukin-6 (IL-6), C-X-C motif chemokine 10 (CXCL10), and Interleukin-1 (IL-1), in addition to prominent renal fibrosis and reduced renal Klotho gene expression compared to the control. Post AD-Fish oil animals demonstrated a significant reduction of IL-6, C-X-C motif chemokine 9 (CXCL9), and IL-1 compared to Post AD-CTL animals. However, serum creatinine, renal fibrosis, and Klotho were not significantly different in the fish oil-treated group. Furthermore, renal histomorphological changes such as tubular dilatation and interstitial infiltration persisted despite treatment. Conclusions: Fish oil supplementation reduced renal pro-inflammatory markers but was not able to restore renal function nor Klotho expression in an adenine-induced CKD model.
Development and validation of a plasmalogen score as an independent modi fi able marker of metabolic health: population based observational studies and a placebo-controlled cross-over study; Background Decreased levels of circulating ethanolamine plasmalogens [PE(P)], and a concurrent increase in phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) are consistently reported in various cardiometabolic conditions. Here we devised, a plasmalogen score (Pls Score) that mirrors a metabolic signal that encompasses the levels of PE(P) and PE and captures the natural variation in circulating plasmalogens and perturbations in their metabolism associated with disease, diet, and lifestyle. Methods We utilised, plasma lipidomes from the Australian Obesity, Diabetes and Lifestyle study (AusDiab; n =10,339, 55% women) a nationwide cohort, to devise the Pls Score and validated this in the Busselton Health Study (BHS; n = 4,492, 56% women, serum lipidome) and in a placebo -controlled crossover trial involving Shark Liver Oil (SLO) supplementation (n = 10, 100% men). We examined the association of the Pls Score with cardiometabolic risk factors, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), cardiovascular disease and all -cause mortality (over 17 years). Findings In a model, adjusted for age, sex and BMI, individuals in the top quintile of the Pls Score (Q5) relative to Q1 had an OR of 0.31 (95% CI 0.21 - 0.43), 0.39 (95% CI 0.25 - 0.61) and 0.42 (95% CI 0.30 - 0.57) for prevalent T2DM, incident T2DM and prevalent cardiovascular disease respectively, and a 34% lower mortality risk (HR = 0.66; 95% CI 0.56 - 0.78). Signi fi cant associations between diet and lifestyle habits and Pls Score exist and these were validated through dietary supplementation of SLO that resulted in a marked change in the Pls Score. Interpretation The Pls Score as a measure that captures the natural variation in circulating plasmalogens, was not only inversely related to cardiometabolic risk and all -cause mortality but also associate with diet and lifestyle. Our results support the potential utility of the Pls Score as a biomarker for metabolic health and its responsiveness to dietary interventions. Further research is warranted to explore the underlying mechanisms and optimise the practical implementation of the Pls Score in clinical and population settings.
Psychiatric agriculture: Systemic nutritional modification and mental health in the developing world; Modernization of agricultural systems to increase output causes changes to the nutritional content of food entire populations consume. Human nutritional needs differ from their "food", thus producing healthy agricultural products is not equivalent to providing agricultural products that are healthy for humans. Inclusion of the food production system as a factor in the increase of neuro psychiatric disorders and other chronic diseases helps explain negative trends in modern chronic diseases that remain unchecked despite stunning advances in modern medicine. Diseases in which our own technology plays a significant role include obesity and resulting disorders, such as diabetes, heart disease, hypertension, stroke and arthritis. Modernization's lure leads to importation of modern agricultural practices into a nutritionally vulnerable, malnourished and sometimes starving developing world. Wealthier nations hedge their food portfolio by having access to a wider variety of foods. The developing world's reliance on staple foods means even a minor widespread nutritional modification of one key food can have profound effects. New agricultural techniques may improve or exacerbate neuropsychiatric disorders through nutritional modification in regions where populations walk a nutritional tightrope with little margin for error. In most of the developing world western psychiatric interventions have failed to make inroads. People's consumption of fish has a demonstrated beneficial effect on their mental health and the omega-3 fatty acid content is a significant factor. Epidemiological, biological and agricultural studies implicate a lack of dietary omega-3s as a factor in certain mental disorders. Replenishing omega-3s has improved mental illnesses in controlled clinical trials. This article's detailed tilapia fish-farming model demonstrates how aquaculture/agriculture techniques can function as a public health intervention by increasing dietary omega-3s through creation of sustainable, economical and culturally appropriate food sources for the developing world. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors on coagulation and fibrinolysis processes; Recent large clinical trials have demonstrated that HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, or statins, markedly reduce morbidity and mortality when used in the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. It has been established that the benefits of statin therapy in cardiovascular disease can be explained not only by the lipid-lowering potential of statins but also by nonlipid-related mechanisms (so-called 'pleiotropic effects') that contribute to the positive effect of statins on the incidence of cardiovascular events.
Modeling and optimization of cooking process parameters to improve the nutritional profile of fried fish by robust hybrid artificial intelligence approach; Fish, being a good source of nutrients, is often cooked by different methods before consumption, which affect the beneficial quality detrimentally. In this study,Catla catla, and mustard oil are selected as representative of fish and cooking oil for frying, respectively, because of their agricultural importance and worldwide demand. Extensive experiments are performed varying the effective processing variables of conventional frying viz., temperature (140 degrees C-240 degrees C), time (5 min-20 min) and oil amount (25 ml/kg of fish-100 ml/kg of fish) to correlate the drastic reduction of the nutritional quality indices, that is, omega-3/omega-6 and cis/trans-fatty acids (FAs) profiles of fish after frying. To establish a nonlinear correlation between these inputs and outputs, an exhaustive search of all available artificial neural network (ANN) algorithms and activation functions is executed for the development of a model. The hybrid robust process approach integrating ANN with differential evolution (DE) and simulated annealing (SA) are employed to optimize the cooking parameters for regaining nutritional impact. After frying omega-3/omega-6 and cis/trans-FAs ratio deteriorated by 76.65% and 92.68%, respectively, than the fresh samples. The ANN-DE and ANN-SA formalism efficiently enhanced these nutritional parameters up to 33.18% and 79%, respectively. Practical applications The present study applied artificial neural network (ANN) as an advanced alternative modeling tool to propose a generalized nonlinear correlation between temperature, time, oil amount, and nutritional values, that is, omega-3/omega-6 and cis/trans-fatty acids (FAs) profiles of fried fish. Frying time provided a strong impact on food nutrition compared to other two input variables. Frying process detrimentally affected both the nutritional indices, that is, omega-3/omega-6 and cis/trans-FAs profiles. The meta-heuristic, stochastic optimization algorithms, namely differential evolution and simulated annealing along with ANN-based processed model were implemented successfully to tune the cooking parameters, so that food quality indices of fish improved again to maximum value. The artificial intelligence modeling, along with optimizing methodology based parameters tuning approach described here is generic and can be advantageously extended to other experimentation of food process engineering. Besides, the finding of this study will benefit common people also.
Protective role of vacuum vs. atmospheric frying on PUFA balance and lipid oxidation; The effect of vacuum frying processing on proximate composition, fatty acid profile, oxidative status and sensorial properties of fish patties, was evaluated as compared with conventional (atmospheric) frying.
Consumption of Fish in Chronic Kidney Disease - A Matter of Depth; Fish is an excellent source of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), amino acids, collagen, vitamins, and iodine and its intake is associated with health benefits, mainly reduces risk of cardiovascular mortality. However, recent studies have shown that fish is also an important source of trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO), a uremic toxin produced by the gut microbiota that promotes an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. In patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD), TMAO levels are markedly increased due to gut dysbiosis and reduced kidney function. No study has yet evaluated the effects of a fish-rich diet on TMAO plasma levels and cardiovascular outcomes. This review discusses the pros and cons of a fish-rich diet in patients with CKD - a matter of depth.
Linoleic acid intake, plasma cholesterol and 10-year incidence of CHD in 20 000 middle-aged men and women in the Netherlands; We studied the associations of a difference in linoleic acid or carbohydrate intake with plasma cholesterol levels and risk of CHD in a prospective cohort study in the Netherlands. Data on diet (FFQ) and plasma total and HDL-cholesterol were available at baseline (1993-7) of 20 069 men and women, aged 20-65 years, who were initially free of CVD. Incidence of CHD was assessed through linkage with mortality and morbidity registers. During an average of 10 years of follow-up, 280 CHD events occurred. The intake of linoleic acid ranged from 36 to 8.0% of energy (en%), whereas carbohydrate intake ranged from 47.6 to 42.5 en% across quintiles of linoleic acid intake. Linoleic acid intake was inversely associated with total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol in women but not in men. Linoleic acid intake was not associated with the ratio of total to HDL-cholesterol. No association was observed between linoleic acid intake and CHD incidence, with hazard ratios varying between 0.83 and 1.00 (all P>0.05) compared to the bottom quintile. We conclude that a 4-5 en% difference in linoleic acid or carbohydrate intake did not translate into either a different ratio of total to HDL-cholesterol or a different CHD incidence.
Oral administration of circulating precursors for membrane phosphatides can promote the synthesis of new brain synapses; Although cognitive performance in humans and experimental animals can be improved by administering omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), the neurochemical mechanisms underlying this effect remain uncertain. In general, nutrients or drugs that modify brain function or behavior do so by affecting synaptic transmission, usually by changing the quantities of particular neurotransmitters present within synaptic clefts or by acting directly on neurotransmitter receptors or signal-transduction molecules. We find that DHA also affects synaptic transmission in mammalian brain. Brain cells of gerbils or rats receiving this fatty acid manifest increased levels of phosphatides and of specific presynaptic or postsynaptic proteins. They also exhibit increased numbers of dendritic spines on postsynaptic neurons. These actions are markedly enhanced in animals that have also received the other two circulating precursors for phosphatidylcholinc, uridine (which gives rise to brain uridine diphosphate and cytidine triphosphate) and choline (which gives rise to phosphocholine). The actions of DHA acre reproduced by eicosapentaenoic acid, another omega-3 compound, but not by omega-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid. Administration of circulating phosphatide precursors can also increase neurotransmitter release (acetylcholine, dopamine) and affect animal behavior. Conceivably, this treatment might have use in patients with the synaptic loss that characterizes Alzheimer's disease or other neurodegenerative diseases or occurs after stroke or brain injury. (c) 2008 The Alzheimer's Association. All rights reserved.
The effect of dietary lipid manipulation on murine splenic lymphocytes apoptosis and heat shock protein over expression; In this study, we kept BALB/c mice on a hyperlipidic diet for 120 days and then assessed the predisposition to apoptosis and the appearance of heat shock protein (Hsp) on splenic lymphocytes. By immunoblot analysis, bands corresponding to Hsp 60 and Hsp 70 in cells from mice kept on a saturated fatty acid diet showed a greater expression already after 1 month while two other bands, which correspond to Hsp 25 and Hsp 27, were slightly present after 1 month of treatment. In cells from mice kept on a diet rich in unsaturated fatty acid, there was a marked expression of Hsp 25 and Hsp 27 after only 30 days of treatment, which was maintained constant for up to 4 months; while for bands corresponding to Hsp 60 and Hsp 70, a significant minor signal was only detectable after 2-4 months from the beginning of the treatment. Splenic lymphocytes from animals kept on a lipidic diet containing saturated fatty acids were more susceptible to death by apoptosis, while cells of animals treated with unsaturated fatty acid were shown to be more resistant. (C) 1999 Federation of European Microbiological Societies. Published by Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Qualitative and Quantitative Effects of Fatty Acids Involved in Heart Diseases; Fatty acids (FAs) have structural and functional diversity. FAs in the heart are closely associated with cardiac function, and their qualitative or quantitative abnormalities lead to the onset and progression of cardiac disease. FAs are important as an energy substrate for the heart, but when in excess, they exhibit cardio-lipotoxicity that causes cardiac dysfunction or heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. FAs also play a role as part of phospholipids that compose cell membranes, and the changes in mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin and the FA composition of plasma membrane phospholipids affect cardiomyocyte survival. In addition, FA metabolites exert a wide variety of bioactivities in the heart as lipid mediators. Recent advances in measurement using mass spectrometry have identified trace amounts of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs)-derived bioactive metabolites associated with heart disease. n-3 PUFAs have a variety of cardioprotective effects and have been shown in clinical trials to be effective in cardiovascular diseases, including heart failure. This review outlines the contributions of FAs to cardiac function and pathogenesis of heart diseases from the perspective of three major roles and proposes therapeutic applications and new medical perspectives of FAs represented by n-3 PUFAs.
EPA and DHA attenuate deoxynivalenol-induced intestinal porcine epithelial cell injury and protect barrier function integrity by inhibiting necroptosis signaling pathway; Deoxynivalenol (DON) is one of the most common mycotoxins that contaminates food or feed and cause intestinal damage. Long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) such as EPA and DHA exert beneficial effects on intestinal integrity in animal models and clinical trials. Necroptosis signaling pathway plays a critical role in intestinal cell injury. This study tested the hypothesis that EPA and DHA could alleviate DON-induced injury to intestinal porcine epithelial cells through modulation of the necroptosis signaling pathway. Intestinal porcine epithelial cell 1 (IPEC-1) cells were cultured with or without EPA or DHA (6.25-25 mu g/mL) in the presence or absence of 0.5 mu g/mL DON for indicated time points. Cell viability, cell number, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity, cell necrosis, transepithelial electrical resistance (TEER), fluorescein isothiocyanate-labeled dextran 4kDa (FD4) flux, tight junction protein distribution, and protein abundance of necroptosis related signals were determined. EPA and DHA promoted cell growth indicated by higher cell viability and cell number, and inhibited cell injury indicated by lower LDH activity in the media. EPA and DHA also improved intestinal barrier function, indicated by higher TEER and lower permeability of FD4 flux as well as increased proportions of tight junction proteins located in the plasma membrane. Moreover, EPA and DHA decreased cell necrosis demonstrated by live cell imaging and transmission electron microscopy. Finally, EPA and DHA downregulated protein expressions of necroptosis related signals including tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR1), receptor interacting protein kinase 1 (RIP1), RIP3, phosphorylated mixed lineage kinase-like protein (MLKL), phosphoglycerate mutase family 5 (PGAM5), dynamin-related protein 1 (Drp1), and high mobility group box-1 protein (HMGB1). EPA and DHA also inhibited protein expression of caspase-3 and caspase-8. These results suggest that EPA and DHA prevent DON-induced intestinal cell injury and enhance barrier function, which is associated with inhibition of the necroptosis signaling pathway.
Serum fatty acid profile in psoriasis and its comorbidity; Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease that is accompanied by metabolic disturbances and cardio-metabolic disorders. Fatty acids (FAs) might be a link between psoriasis and its comorbidity. The aim of the study was to evaluate serum concentrations of FAs and to investigate their association with the disease activity, markers of inflammation and possible involvement in psoriatic comorbidity: obesity, type 2 diabetes and hypertension. We measured 14 total serum fatty acids content and composition by gas-liquid chromatography and flame-ionization detector after direct in situ transesterification in 85 patients with exacerbated plaque psoriasis and in 32 healthy controls. FAs were grouped according to their biologic properties to saturated FA (SFA), unsaturated FA (UFA), monounsaturated FA (MUFA), n-3 polyunsaturated FA (n-3 PUFA) and n-6 PUFA. Generally, patients characteristic included: Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI), Body Mass Index, inflammatory and biochemical markers, lipid profile and presence of psoriatic comorbidity. We have observed highly abnormal FAs pattern in psoriatic patients both with and without obesity compared to the control group. We have demonstrated association of PASI with low levels of circulating DHA, n-3 PUFA (p = 0.044 and p = 0.048, respectively) and high percent of MUFA (p = 0.024) in the non-obese psoriatic group. The SFA/UFA ratio increased with the duration of the disease (p = 0.03) in all psoriatic patients. These findings indicate abnormal FAs profile in psoriasis which may reflect metabolic disturbances and might play a role in the psoriatic comorbidity.
How the nutritional value and consumer acceptability of suckling lambs meat is affected by the maternal feeding system; The effects of two lambs rearing systems - suckling from stall-fed (hay and concentrate) or pasture-fed mothers - on carcass characteristics, meat quality, fatty acids composition, vitamin E content and collagen characteristics, were studied in eighteen lambs. The effect of consumer knowledge about the lamb-rearing system on the hedonic ratings of meat was also assessed through consumer testing. Limbs subdivided into two experimental groups (No. 9) of different maternal feeding system received exclusively maternal milk and were slaughtered at 45 days of age. A higher leg weight with a higher proportion of fat and a lower proportion of lean resulted from the lambs of pasture-fed mothers, while total muscle protein content was higher in lambs of stall-fed mothers. Intramuscular saturated fatty acids (SFA) were lower in lambs from pasture-fed mothers, while polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), linolenic acid (18:3 n-3), and n-3 fatty acids were higher, displaying more favourable indexes for human health (n-6/n-3. SFA/PUFA, thrombogenic index). Maternal pasture feeding also caused higher alpha-tocopherol content and different collagen characteristics. The consumer test showed that when information on the animal rearing system was provided, the meat from lambs of pasture-fed mothers was preferred to meat from lambs of stall-fed mothers. In conclusion, this study has shown that maternal feeding system in the stall or in pasture affects the nutritional value of suckling lamb meat and consumer acceptability after they are given information on the production system. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Early-life stress and dietary fatty acids impact the brain lipid/oxylipin profile into adulthood, basally and in response to LPS; Brain lipid dysregulation is a hallmark of depression and Alzheimer's disease, also marked by chronic inflammation. Early-life stress (ELS) and dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are risk factors for these pathologies and are known to impact inflammatory processes. However, if these early-life factors alter brain lipid homeostasis on the long-term and thereby contribute to this risk remains to be elucidated. We have recently shown that an early diet enriched in omega(omega)-3 PUFAs protected against the long-term negative effects of ELS on cognition and neuroinflammation. Here, we aim to understand if modulation of brain lipid and oxylipin profiles contributes to the detrimental effects of ELS and the protective ones of the diet. We therefore studied if and how ELS and early dietary PUFAs modulate the brain lipid and oxylipin profile, basally as well as in response to an inflammatory challenge, to unmask possible latent effects. Male mice were exposed to ELS via the limited bedding and nesting paradigm, received an early diet with high or low omega 6/omega 3 ratio (HRD and LRD) and were injected with saline or lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in adulthood. Twenty-four hours later plasma cytokines (Multiplex) and hypothalamic lipids and oxylipins (liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry) were measured. ELS exacerbated the LPS-induced increase in IL-6, CXCL1 and CCL2. Both ELS and diet affected the lipid/oxylipin profile long-term. For example, ELS increased diacylglycerol and LRD reduced triacylglycerol, free fatty acids and ceramides. Importantly, the ELS-induced alterations were strongly influenced by the early diet. For example, the ELS-induced decrease in eicosapentaenoic acid was reversed when fed LRD. Similarly, the majority of the LPS-induced alterations were distinct for control and ELS exposed mice and unique for mice fed with LRD or HRD. LPS decreased ceramides and lysophosphotidylcholine, increased hexosylceramides and prostaglandin E-2, reduced triacylglycerol species and omega 6-derived oxylipins only in mice fed LRD and ELS reduced the LPS-induced increase in phosphatidylcholine. These data give further insights into the alterations in brain lipids and oxylipins that might contribute to the detrimental effects of ELS, to the protective ones of LRD and the possible early-origin of brain lipid dyshomeostasis characterizing ELS-related psychopathologies.
Essential fatty acids: Assessing their role in cardiovascular diseases and immune deficiencies; Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) have been known to be essential nutrients for more than 50 years. Diagnosis of EFA abnormalities took a gigantic step with the advent of commercial gas liquid chromatography (GLC) in the 1950's, but had to wait for high resolution capillary GLC in the 1980's to achieve its full potential. Initially, only the most severe cases of EFA deficiency (EFAD) could be diagnosed; equivalent to detecting cholesterol over 4,000 mg/dl or highway speeders going at 1,200 miles/hour. One of the most commonly used measures of EFAD is the ratio 20:3 omega 9/20:4 omega 6 -- the ratio of the concentrations of triene (20:3 omega 9) to tetraene (20:4 omega 6) (T/T). Initially a ratio of T/T > 0.4 was proposed as a marker of EFAD. It was then lowered to 0.2 (the value still stated in most books and journals). These ranges are suitable to detect severe EFAD in animals and a few rare patients with severe GI malabsorption or on diets severely restricted on EFAs. Siguel lowered the upper normal limit of T/T to 0.025.(1) This 10x increase in sensitivity allows us to identify EFAD in patients with cardiovascular disease and immune disorders, characterize abnormal EFA metabolism, and study the effects of different food supplements on EFA metabolism. More than 25% of the adult American population has low levels of omega 3 or omega 6. Patients with heart disease, or at high risk for heart disease as indicated by elevated Total/HDL Cholesterol ratios (TC/HDLC), have biochemical evidence of EFAD. Patients with a wide range of conditions have inappropriate production of EFA metabolites; modulation of EFA metabolites with diet provides a highly powerful tool to treat a wide range of disorders, including complications of diabetes mellitus, cystic fibrosis, Crohn's disease, dermatitis, CFS, eye disorders, brain dysfunction, behavioral disturbances, depression, and neurological diseases. Most patients need supplements of omega 3 and omega 6s, often with more omega 3s to correct a proportionately greater deficiency in omega 3 than omega 6s. Some patients need EFA derivatives such as GLA, EPA and DHA; in these cases, it is important to monitor PUFAs carefully in order to achieve the critical balance.
Membrane Damage during Ferroptosis Is Caused by Oxidation of Phospholipids Catalyzed by the Oxidoreductases POR and CYB5R1; Ferroptosis is a form of necrotic cell death caused by iron-dependent peroxidation of polyunsaturated phospholipids on cell membranes and is actively suppressed by the cellular antioxidant systems. We report here that oxidoreductases, including NADPH-cytochrome P450 reductase (POR) and NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase (CYB5R1), transfer electrons from NAD(P)H to oxygen to generate hydrogen peroxide, which subsequently reacts with iron to generate reactive hydroxyl radicals for the peroxidation of the polyunsaturated fatty acid ( PUFA) chains of membrane phospholipids, thereby disrupting membrane integrity during ferroptosis. Genetic knockout of POR and CYB5R1 decreases cellular hydrogen peroxide generation, preventing lipid peroxidation and ferroptosis. Moreover, POR knockdown in mouse liver prevents ConA-induced liver damage. Ferroptosis, therefore, is a result of incidental electron transfer carried out by POR/CYB5R1 oxidoreductase and thus needs to be constitutively countered by the antioxidant systems.
NON-CONVENTIONAL APPROACHES FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF ANGINA; Angina is usually classified as a symptom of an underlying cardiovascular disease which is one of the most common disorder that is affecting the human life now a days. It is presented as a throbbing chest pain that can radiate to left arm and back due to ischemia of major vessel supplying blood to heart. Several drug classes and their combination has long been used to treat angina for e.g. Nitrates, Nitrites, Calcium channel blockers, Beta blockers and sodium channel blockers to improve the demand vs supply ratio of oxygen so that the heart muscles can perform its function effectively. The increasing prevalence of disease and resulting resistance to conventional therapy has urged scientists to find other ways that can help in the management of this disease. Cardiovascular and consequently angina is thus the focus of many studies. In this review a number of strategies and their associated mechanisms has been discussed which include Life style modification, Yoga, Acupuncture therapy, Herbal treatment, L-arginine, L-carnitine, Omega 3 fatty acids, Gene therapy, Cell therapy, Chinese Medicine, and Interventions like Spinal cord Stimulation, Percutaneous coronary intervention, Enhance external counter pulsation, Extracorporeal shockwave myocardial revascularization, Transmyocardial laser revascularization, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, percutaneous retrograde coronary sinus perfusion. Coronary sinus perfusion, Coronary sinus reducer, Video thoracoscopic sympathectomy (VTSY) may help in short term and long-term management of angina.
Dietary fatty acids influence the growth and fatty acid composition of the yellow mealworm <i>Tenebrio molitor</i> (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae); Fat is the second most abundant component of the nutrient composition of the mealworm Tenebrio molitor (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae) that represents also an interesting source of PUFA, especially n-6 and n-3 fatty acids, involved in prevention of cardiovascular diseases. This study investigated the possibility of modifying the fat content and the FA composition of yellow mealworms through feeding and how this would be influenced by developmental stages, pupal sex, and generation with the future aim of applying this coleopteran as a diet supplement for human health. Growth rate and cumulative mortality percentage on the different feeding substrates were also evaluated to select the optimal conditions for a mass-raising of this insect species. Despite the different fat content in the six different breeding substrates used, T. molitor larvae and pupae contained a constant fat percentage (> 34% in larvae and > 30% in pupae). A similar total fat content was found comparing larvae and male and female pupae of the second generation to those of the first generation. On the contrary, FA composition differed both in larvae and pupae reared on the different feeding substrates. However, the exemplars reared on the diets based on 100% bread and 100% oat flour showed SFA, PUFA percentages, and an n-6/n-3 ratio more suitable for human consumption; the diet based on beer yeast, wheat flour, and oat flour resulted in a contemporary diet that most satisfied the balance between a fat composition of high quality and favorable growth conditions.
<i>Trans</i> fatty acids:: foods and effects on health.; Trans fatty acids can be found in foods derived from ruminant animals and foods that contain partially hydrogenated fat such as fast foods. The consumption of trans fatty acids is larger in the United States, Canada, and some European countries than in Japan and Mediterranean countries. The incidence of coronary heart diseases is higher in countries where the consumption of trans fatty is high. Studies show that trans fatty acids can contribute to increase LDL and lipoprotein [a], and to reduce the levels of HDL. In addition, trans isomeric seems to inhibit the action of desaturase enzymes of essential fatty acids (A5- and A6-desaturase) by holding back the biosynthesis of important fatty acids such as arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). With respect to pregnant women's and infant's health, concentrations of trans fatty acids ingested by the mother are associated to concentrations found in the maternal milk. Besides the milk, the trans fatty acids can be transferred to the newly born through the placenta. Studies suggest that trans fatty acids can affect intrauterine growth due to the inhibition of the conversion of essential fatty acids by desaturase enzymes. The inhibition of DHA can also cause early atherosclerosis lesion. However, studies on the effects of trans fatty acids on health are still inconclusive and there are no current recommendations on their consumption. Additionally, in Brazil, studies to determine the composition of trans isomeric in foods are still incipient, which indicates a great need of research in this area.
Stimulatory effects of fish oil and vitamin E on ovarian function of laying hen; In recent years, there has been an increase in the consumption of omega-6 fatty acids (FAs) over omega-3. Moreover, the antioxidant nature of oil supplemented diet in human and animal studies is not clear. In this work, the n-3 effects on hen ovarian cells, ovarian dynamics, serum FA profiles and expression level of apoptosis genes in the presence or absence of vitamin E were studied. Sixty-eight laying hens were randomly divided into four groups and the groups were fed the following diets: basal diet +1.5% sunflower oil (control; C); basal diet +1.5% sunflower oil +1.1 U alpha-tocopherol/hen/day (E); basal diet +1.5% fish oil +1.1 U alpha-tocopherol/hen/day (n-3 + E); and basal diet +1.5% fish oil (n-3). In E, n-3 + E and n-3, small yellow follicle numbers were higher than control (p < .05). Large yellow follicle numbers as well as total numbers of follicles of n-3 + E and n-3 were higher (p < .05) than control and E. The rate of ovulation was significantly (p < .05) higher in n-3 (96%) compared to the control (89%). The proportion of intact primordial follicles in n-3 and n-3 + E was significantly more than control and E (p < .01). The expression of Bak (Bcl2 antagonist/killer) was significantly (p < .05) higher in control than the other groups. There was significant reduction in expression of Cas9 in n-3 and E compared to the control and n-3 + E (p < .05). While omega-3 and vitamin E can protect ovarian cells from apoptotic death, omega-3 source could have promoting roles on follicular development and ovulation rate, being independent of dietary vitamin E.
Stirring the Pot: Can Dietary Modification Alleviate the Burden of CKD?; Diet is one of the largest modifiable risk factors for chronic kidney disease (CKD)-related death and disability. CKD is largely a progressive disease; however, it is increasingly appreciated that hallmarks of chronic kidney disease such as albuminuria can regress over time. The factors driving albuminuria resolution remain elusive. Since albuminuria is a strong risk factor for GFR loss, modifiable lifestyle factors that lead to an improvement in albuminuria would likely reduce the burden of CKD in high-risk individuals, such as patients with diabetes. Dietary therapy such as protein and sodium restriction has historically been used in the management of CKD. Evidence is emerging to indicate that other nutrients may influence kidney health, either through metabolic or haemodynamic pathways or via the modification of gut homeostasis. This review focuses on the role of diet in the pathogenesis and progression of CKD and discusses the latest findings related to the mechanisms of diet-induced kidney disease. It is possible that optimizing diet quality or restricting dietary intake could be harnessed as an adjunct therapy for CKD prevention or progression in susceptible individuals, thereby reducing the burden of CKD.
Relationship between fatty acids and the endocrine system; Significant interactions exist between fatty acids and the endocrine system. Hormones affect the metabolism of fatty acids and the fatty acid composition of tissue lipids. The principal hormones involved in lipid metabolism are insulin, glucagon, catecholamines. cortisol and growth hormone. The concentrations of these hormones are altered in chronic degenerative conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which in turn lead to alterations in tissue lipids. Lipogenesis and lipolysis, which modulate fatty acid concentrations in plasma and tissues, are under hormonal control. Neuropeptides are involved in lipid metabolism in brain and other tissues. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are also precursors for eicosanoids including prostaglandins, leukotrienes, and thromboxanes, which have hormone-like activities. Fatty acids in turn alter both hormone and neuropeptide concentrations and their receptors. Saturated and trans fatty acids (TFA) decrease insulin concentration leading to insulin resistance. In contrast, PUFA increase plasma insulin concentration and decrease insulin resistance. In humans, omega-3 PUFA alter the levels of opioid peptides in plasma.
Update dyslipidemia; The treatment of dyslipidemia is a cornerstone of atherosclerosis prevention. Statin-based reduction of LDL cholesterol plays a central role in this context. Whether and to what extent other lipids such as triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, lipoprotein(a) should also be addressed is still under discussion. However, in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia and combined hyperlipoproteinemia, life-style modification plays a significant role. Important issues are correct classification of the dyslipidemia, a LDL-cholesterol target based on the absolute risk of the patient, and a therapeutic strategy that also includes treatment of other risk factors. If statin therapy not sufficient to reach the treatment target, combination therapy with ezetimibe, bile acid binding substances, fibrates or omega-3 fatty acids should be discussed, considering the lipid profile, the overall risk, and potential side effects. Patients with severe LDL hypercholesterolemia or greatly elevated lipoprotein(a) levels should be considered for regular lipid apheresis if the cardiovascular disease is progressing.
The metabolic syndrome : can nutrition influence rebellious organs ?; Insulin resistance, which is closely tied to obesity and cardiovascular disease (CVD), leads to a wide range of clinical and biochemical disorders, including hyperinsulinemia, hypertension, abnormal carbohydrate metabolism, blood coagulation and fibrinolysis, non alcoholic hepatic steatosis and dyslipidemia, the latter being characterized by high triglyceride levels, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and an increased number of small dense particles of low-density lipoprotein. Pathophysiological stuidies underscore the direct role of postprandial hyperlipidemia in the formation of atheroma plaque, Diet, interacting with genetic factors, may also have a significant influence on the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and CVD. In this review, we examine the potential of omega-3 fatty acids : to correct postprandial lipid disorders (by reducing chylomicron secretion and altering the expression of genes involved in intestinal lipid metabolism); to control hepatic lipid metabolism and to reduce the risk of non alcoholic hepatic steatosis : and to provide a genetic substrate and environment during fetal development that will help prevent vascular disorders later in life.
Functional foods: Their role in health promotion and disease prevention; The effect of food factors on health status has been recognized since antiquity. More recently, epidemiological studies have led to fundamental research for unraveling the chemistry and mechanism of action of dietary phytochemicals and bioactives. Functional foods and natural health products encompass a wide range of food and ingredients, with a variety of bioactives responsible for their efficacy in health promotion and disease prevention. Phenolic and polyphenolic compounds constitute an important class of secondary plant metabolites that act as free radical scavengers and inhibitors of LDL cholesterol oxidation and DNA breakage, among others. Thus, the role of food phenolics and polyphenolics in the prevention of cardiovascular disease and certain types of cancer is well recognized. In addition, certain marine foods have often been considered as "heart food" because of their omega-3 constituents which are known to lower blood triacylglycerol and, possibly, cholesterol levels. Thus, food factors from both plants and animals may be participating in human health promotion.
Response to Cold Adaption in <i>Acinetobacter johnsonii</i> XY27 from Spoiled Bigeye Tuna (<i>Thunnus obesus</i>): Membrane Protein Composition and Protein Biomarker Identification by Proteomics; Acinetobacter johnsonii is one of the major food-spoilage bacteria and can survive under cold stress. In this study, the membrane composition, membrane permeability, and energy transduction of A. johnsonii XY27 cultured at 4 and 30 degrees C were examined comparatively by flow cytometry combined with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. The Na+/K(+)ATPase activity, alkaline phosphatase and ATPase activity, fluorescence intensity, and cell viability in A. johnsonii XY27 increased with the decrease in cultivation temperature. The polyunsaturated fatty acid and monounsaturated fatty acids have a higher content in A. johnsonii XY27 cultured at 4 degrees C compared to that cultured at 30 degrees C, in which the contents of methyl palmitoleate, methyl myristoleate, and methyl oleate increased dramatically with decreasing temperature. Comparative proteomics analysis revealed that 31 proteins were downregulated and 4 proteins were upregulated, in which catalase-peroxidase 1 and cold shock proteins as biomarker proteins could effectively control A. johnsonii during cold adaptation.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Induces Apoptosis in MCF-7 Cells <i>In Vitro</i> and <i>In Vivo</i> via Reactive Oxygen Species Formation and Caspase 8 Activation; Background: The present study sought to further investigate the in vitro and in vivo anticancer effects of a representative omega-3 fatty acid, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), with a focus on assessing the induction of oxidative stress and apoptosis as an important mechanism for its anticancer actions.
Low salivary resolvin D1 to leukotriene B<sub>4</sub> ratio predicts carotid intima media thickness: A novel biomarker of non-resolving vascular inflammation; Background Different lipid mediators may have opposing effects on vascular inflammation. For example, whereas leukotriene B-4 (LTB4) transduces inflammation, resolvin D1 (RvD1), which is synthesized from the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid, facilitates the resolution of inflammation. The aim of this study was to determine the association of the RvD1/LTB4 ratio with subclinical atherosclerosis.
APOC-III Antisense Oligonucleotides: A New Option for the Treatment of Hypertriglyceridemia; Elevated triglyceride levels (higher than similar to 1000 mg/dL) are associated with an increased risk for pancreatitis. Apolipoprotein-CIII (apoC-III) plays a key role in the metabolism of triglycerides and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins. Loss of function mutations in the gene encoding apoC-III (APOC3) is associated with low triglyceride levels and a decreased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) while overexpression of APOC3 is associated with hyper-triglyceridemia. Although many drugs such as fibrates, statins and omega-3 fatty acids modestly decrease triglyceride levels (and apoC-III concentrations), there are many patients who still have severe hypertriglyceridemia and are at increased risk for pancreatitis and potentially for CVD. The antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) against APOC3 mRNA volanesorsen (previously called ISIS 304801, ISIS-ApoCIIIRx and IONIS-ApoCIIIRx) robustly decreases both, apoC-III production and triglyceride concentrations and is being currently evaluated in phase 3 trials. In this narrative review, we present the currently available clinical evidence on the efficacy and safety of volanesorsen for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia.
Mitochondrial Reactive Oxygen Species Formation Determines ACSL4/LPCAT2-Mediated Ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is a form of oxidative cell death that is characterized by enhanced lipid peroxidation and mitochondrial impairment. The enzymes acyl-CoA synthetase long-chain family member 4 (ACSL4) and lysophosphatidylcholine acyltransferase (LPCAT) play an essential role in the biosynthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing phospholipids, thereby providing the substrates for lipid peroxidation and promoting ferroptosis. To examine the impact of mitochondria in ACSL4/LPCAT2-driven ferroptosis, HEK293T cells overexpressing ACSL4 and LPCAT2 (OE) or empty vector controls (LV) were exposed to 1S, 3R-RSL3 (RSL3) for induction of ferroptosis. The ACSL4/LPCAT2 overexpression resulted in higher sensitivity against RSL3-induced cell death compared to LV-transfected controls. Moreover, mitochondrial parameters such as mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS) formation, mitochondrial membrane potential, and mitochondrial respiration deteriorated in the OE cells, supporting the conclusion that mitochondria play a significant role in ACSL4/LPCAT2-driven ferroptosis. This was further confirmed through the protection of OE cells against RSL3-mediated cell death by the mitochondrial ROS scavenger mitoquinone (MitoQ), which exerted protection via antioxidative properties rather than through previously reported metabolic effects. Our findings implicate that mitochondrial ROS production and the accompanying organelle disintegration are essential for mediating oxidative cell death initiated through lipid peroxidation in ferroptosis.
Chemical characterization, antioxidant and antiatherogenic activity of anthocyanin-rich extract from <i>Euterpe edulis</i> Mart. in mice; This study aimed to assess the influence of organic solvents on the extraction of anthocyanins from Jucara palm fruit and to evaluate the freeze-dried Jucara extract regarding the reduction of cardiovascular risk in mice with apolipoprotein E (ApoE(-/-)) knockout. Anthocyanin content, fatty acids profile and antioxidant activity of Jucara extract were analysed by ultra performance liquid chromatography, gas chromatography and 2,2-diphenyl-1-picryl-hydrazyl assay, respectively. The antiatherogenic effect was assessed in vivo. The extraction with ethanol and citric acid resulted in the highest anthocyanin concentration (1249.74 mg.l(-1)). The freeze-dried Jucara extract contained 9.52 g.kg(-1) of cyanidin-3-O-glucoside and 16.31 g.kg(-1) of cyanidin-3-O-rutinoside. The lipid profile was 27.1% palmitic acid, 33.0% oleic acid, 32.9% linoleic acid and 1.8% linolenic acid. Mice groups which received Jucara extract presented decreased activities of catalase and superoxide dismutase vs. positive control group (p < 0.05) in vitro; and also presented lower values of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and glucose, as well as the ratios of total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and LDL/HDL in vivo. The consumption of Jucara extract alone did not affect the size of atherosclerotic plaques in ApoE(-/-) mice. The Jucara extract presented antioxidant activity but did not show anti-atherogenic effect in vivo.
Lipid Profile, Antioxidant and Antihypertensive Activity, and Computational Molecular Docking of Diatom Fatty Acids as ACE Inhibitors; Diatoms, as single cell eukaryotic microalgae, are rich sources of lipids, which have either beneficial or detrimental effects on the prevention and treatment of many diseases. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) identified diatom lipids with high levels of essential fatty acids (EFAs), especially polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs) containing both omega-3 and omega-6. Nutritional values of FAs indicated possible applications in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and functional food industries. Diatom FAs showed antioxidative potential on harmful radicals by 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) and 2,2'-azino-bis (3-ethylbenzthiazoline-6-sulphonic acid) (ABTS) scavenging, with high inhibition of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) that causes cardiovascular disease (CVD) and hypertension. A computational molecular docking simulation confirmed the inhibition mechanisms of FAs on ACE, with comparable levels of binding free energy to chemically synthesized ACE drugs. Findings suggested that diatom lipids showed potential for use as alternative ACE inhibitors or food supplement for CVD prevention.
Comparison of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) Risk and Nutritional Status According to Menopause Age and the Impact of Socioeconomic Status on MetS Prevalence in Postmenopausal Women: A Cross-Sectional Study Based on the 8th Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES); The increased life expectancy and the occurrence of premature menopause prolong the mean postmenopausal phase in women's lifespans. Although the roles of poor socioeconomic status (SES), anthropometric characteristics, and nutritional status in premature menopause and the health of postmenopausal women are well understood, the differences in nutritional status and metabolic syndrome (MetS) prevalence in postmenopausal women depending on their menopause age are less explored. Furthermore, the association between SES and MetS risk in postmenopausal women is not studied. Thus, this study aimed to compare distinct nutritional status and MetS risk between women with premature menopause and natural menopause. Additionally, the association among SES, health-related lifestyle behaviors (HLBs), and MetS risk in postmenopausal women was studied. This study included 31,799 postmenopausal women from the 8th National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES). The relationship between disease prevalence and nutrient intake of the subjects was analyzed using analysis of variance (GLM), and Scheffe test was performed. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate the association among SES, HLBs, and MetS as well as premature menopause. Women with premature menopause showed poor SES, anthropometric characteristics, and HLBs compared with women with natural menopause. Additionally, premature menopausal women had markedly lower intakes of protein, polyunsaturated fatty acid, n-3 fatty acid, and beta-carotene, but higher intakes of energy, carbohydrate, saturated fatty acid, and sugar than women with natural menopause (p < 0.0001). Premature menopausal women showed significantly higher MetS prevalence by having hypertriglyceridemia (p < 0.0001), hypertension (p = 0.0145), and reduced HDL cholesterol levels (p < 0.0001) relative to natural menopausal women. Furthermore, our findings indicate a substantial link among SES, HLBs, and the risk of premature menopause. In postmenopausal women, deteriorating SES and HLBs appear to influence the prevalence of MetS. Notably, our study reveals that higher intakes of protein, calcium, phosphate, and iron are correlated with a lower risk of developing MetS. These observations suggest that proactive nutritional education for premature menopausal women is necessary to improve MetS risk and their nutritional status. Also, SES-dependent interventions regarding nutrition and HLBs in postmenopausal women will be significant to lower MetS risk, MetS-derived chronic disease, and mortality in postmenopausal women.
Commercial applications of microalgae; The first use of microalgae by humans dates back 2000 years to the Chinese, who used Nostoe to survive during famine. However, microalgal biotechnology only really began to develop in the middle of the last century. Nowadays, there are numerous commercial applications of microalgae. For example, (i) microalgae can be used to enhance the nutritional value of food and animal feed owing to their chemical composition, (ii) they play a crucial role in aquaculture and (iii) they can be incorporated into cosmetics. Moreover, they are cultivated as a source of highly valuable molecules. For example, polyunsaturated fatty acid oils are added to infant formulas and nutritional supplements and pigments are important as natural dyes. Stable isotope biochemicals help in structural determination and metabolic studies. Future research should focus on the improvement of production systems and the genetic modification of strains. Microalgal products would in that way become even more diversified and economically competitive.
Serum Phospholipid Fatty Acid Composition in Cystic Fibrosis Patients with and without Liver Cirrhosis; Background/Aims: Cystic fibrosis (CF) liver disease is the third most frequent cause of death in CF patients. Although it alters fatty acid (FA) metabolism, data concerning the profile of FA in CF patients with liver cirrhosis is lacking. This study aimed to assess the FA composition of serum phospholipids in CF patients with and without liver cirrhosis. Methods: The study comprised 25 CF patients with liver cirrhosis and 25 without it. We assessed Z-scores for body height and weight, lung function, exocrine pancreatic sufficiency and colonization with Pseudomonas aeruginosa. FAs' profile of serum glycerophospholipids was quantified by gas chromatography mass spectrometry. Results: In CF patients with liver cirrhosis, the levels of C16:0 were higher and the amounts of C20:2n-6, C20:3n-6, C20:4n-6, and all the n-3 polyunsaturated FAs (PUFAs) (C18:3n-3, C20:5n-3, C22:5n-3, C22:6n-3) were lower than those in CF subjects without liver cirrhosis. The n-6/n-3, C20:4n-6/C18:2n-6, total n-6/C18:2n6, C20:5n-3/C18:3n-3 and total n-3/C18:3n-3 ratios did not differ between the 2 groups. Conclusions: Liver cirrhosis may associate with profound abnormalities in the composition of serum glycerophospholipids FAs in CF patients. None of the analyzed clinical factors could explain the greater prevalence of low levels of PUFAs in this CF subgroup. (C) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
Biological and Neuroimaging Markers as Predictors of 5-Year Incident Frailty in Older Adults: A Secondary Analysis of the MAPT Study; Background: This study aims to investigate the predictive value of biological and neuroimaging markers to determine incident frailty among older people for a period of 5 years.
Ramadan fasting reduces high-sensitivity C-reactive protein among HIV-infected patients receiving antiretroviral therapy; BackgroundInflammatory conditions and oxidative stress increase in HIV infection, and inflammation increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Ramadan fasting is known to reduce inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. This study examined the effects of Ramadan fasting on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels and total antioxidant status (TAOS) in HIV patients on antiretroviral therapy (ART). MethodsThis was a prospective cohort study comparing HIV-infected patients on stable ART who fasted throughout Ramadan to HIV-infected patients who did not fast during Ramadan. Inclusion criteria were men aged 20-40 years, taking first-line ART for at least 6 months, Muslims intent to fast for Ramadan, no current hospitalization because of acute conditions and not being treated for opportunistic infections. ResultsAfter 2 weeks, hs-CRP had decreased significantly in the fasting group (-0.41 mg/L [IQR = -1; 0.10]) compared to the non-fasting group (0.20 mg/L [IQR = -0.30; 1.50]) (p = 0.004). The linear regression analysis has shown that Ramadan fasting contributed to 10.10% of the variance in hs-CRP value (R-2 = 0.101) and decreased its value by 0.317 points (B = -0.317). Changes in TAOS did not significantly different (p = 0.405) between the fasting group (0.05 mmol/L [IQR = -0.03; 0.12]) and the non-fasting group (0.04 mmol/L [IQR = -0.13; 0.36]). In the fasting group, there were significant changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid consumption (p = 0.029), body weight (p = 0.001), cigarette smoking (p = 0.001), and sleeping duration (p = 0.001). ConclusionRamadan fasting reduces hs-CRP concentrations among HIV patients on ART.
THE INFLUENCE OF FISH OIL DIET AND NOREPINEPHRINE TREATMENT ON FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF RAT-HEART PHOSPHOLIPIDS AND THE POSITIONAL FATTY-ACID DISTRIBUTION IN PHOSPHATIDYLETHANOLAMINE; The effect of chronic norepinephrine (NE) administration with increasing dosage from 1-4 mg/kg over a period of 2 weeks was studied on cardiac phospholipids and their fatty acid distribution in rats. Animals were fed a control diet or a 10% cod liver oil (CLO)-enriched diet. The relative distribution of various polyunsaturated fatty acids esterified to the 1- and 2-position of the phosphatidylethanolamine fraction was estimated. NE stress during control feeding significantly reduced the total  phospholipid content in rat heart. No differences in the phospholipid class distribution were found. However, CLO feeding as well as chronic NE administration resulted in a decrease of .omega. 6 fatty acids, mainly C 18:2 .omega. 6 and C 20:4 .omega. 6, which was compensated with an increase in .omega. 3 fatty acids, mainly C 20:5 .omega. 3 and C 22:6 .omega. 3. The changes in fatty acid composition qualitatively agree with those reported by Gudbjarnason et al. (23), except that the mortality in our NE-treated control or CLO-fed groups was considerably lower. It can probably be attributed to a different mode of NE administration. On the other hand, at the end of the CLO feeding period in rats treated with NE or not, comparing with control fed rats without NE treatment, the incidence rate of ST segment elevation in electrocardiogram (ECG) recorded under light diethylether-induced anesthesia was higher. Independent of whether the fatty acid composition of myocardial phospholipids was dietary or pharmacologically manipulated, most of the polyunsaturated fatty acids were found at the 2-position of the phosphatidylethanolamine molecules. The polyunsaturated fatty acids account for 45-50% of the fatty acyl residues and preferentially occupy the 2-position, where they can exchange for each other.
Efficacy of immune nutrients in severe acute pancreatitis: A network meta-analysis; Background:The use of immune nutrients in the treatment of severe pancreatitis remains controversial. No study has yet compared the effects of different immune nutrients on patients with severe acute pancreatitis. This study aimed to compare the effects of different immune nutrients in treating severe acute pancreatitis through a network meta-analysis.Methods:PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, and Scopus were used to search randomized controlled trials from the inception to July 2023. Information was collected from patients with severe acute pancreatitis and their intervention methods, which included the administration of glutamine, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, arginine, and nucleotides. The evaluated outcomes included mortality, infection, the length of the hospital stay (LOH), the length of intensive care unit stay (LOI), and C-reactive protein (CRP). Risk ratio (95% confidence interval [CI]) and mean difference (MD) (95% CI) were calculated using a network meta-analysis random-effects model. The ranking between interventions was calculated using the surface under the cumulative ranking curve. The Cochrane Risk of Bias tool 2 was used to assess the risk of bias. The sources of heterogeneity were assessed using sensitivity analysis and network meta-regression. The credibility of the evidence was assessed using grading of recommendations assessment, development, and evaluation.Results:Nineteen studies with 1035 patients were included in this network meta-analysis. Parenteral glutamine was more effective in reducing mortality, infection, LOH, and LOI, as well as in the downregulation of CRP compared to the control. Risk ratio (95%CI) or MD (95%CI) were 0.38 (0.16, 0.90), 0.35 (0.14, 0.90), -3.32 (-4.90, -1.75), -2.53 (-4.46, -0.61), and -17.78 (-28.77, -6.78), respectively. Parenteral omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was more effective in reducing LOH and LOI, as well as in the downregulation of CRP. MD (95%CI) were -6.77 (-11.40, -2.14), -5.19 (-7.80, -2.57), and -26.20 (-39.71, -12.68), respectively. Immune nutrients in the other groups did not exert any effect compared to the control regarding all the outcomes. Parenteral glutamine ranked best in reducing infections. Parenteral omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ranked best in reducing mortality, LOH, and LOI, as well as in the downregulation of CRP.Conclusion:Some immune nutrients were beneficial for patients with severe acute pancreatitis. Parenteral administration could be better than enteral administration.
Antioxidant Supplementation in Renal Replacement Therapy Patients: Is There Evidence?; The disruption of balance between production of reactive oxygen species and antioxidant systems in favor of the oxidants is termed oxidative stress (OS). To counteract the damaging effects of prooxidant free radicals, all aerobic organisms have antioxidant defense mechanisms that are aimed at neutralizing the circulating oxidants and repair the resulting injuries. Antioxidants are either endogenous (the natural defense mechanisms produced by the human body) or exogenous, found in supplements and foods. OS is present at the early stages of chronic kidney disease, augments progressively with renal function deterioration, and is further exacerbated by renal replacement therapy. End-stage renal disease patients, on hemodialysis (HD) or peritoneal dialysis (PD), suffer from accelerated OS, which has been associated with increased risk for mortality and cardiovascular disease. During HD sessions, the bioincompatibility of dialyzers and dialysate trigger activation of white blood cells and formation of free radicals, while a significant loss of antioxidants is also present. In PD, the bioincompatibility of solutions, including high osmolality, elevated lactate levels, low pH, and accumulation of advanced glycation end-products trigger formation of prooxidants, while there is significant loss of vitamins in the ultrafiltrate. A number of exogenous antioxidants have been suggested to ameliorate OS in dialysis patients. Vitamins B, C, D, and E, coenzyme Q10, L-carnitine, a-lipoic acid, curcumin, green tea, flavonoids, polyphenols, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, statins, trace elements, and N-acetylcysteine have been studied as exogenous antioxidant supplements in both PD and HD patients.
Diet/Genetic interactions and their effects on inflammatory markers; The importance of a healthy diet to living well is well recognized. A growing array of experimental, epidemiological, and clinical studies have revealed an association between pro-inflammatory responses and the progression of numerous serious disease states, including the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. Further studies have established a "diet/genetic interaction" that further modulates markers of inflammation, producing both positive and negative effects, depending on the net changes in gene expression. Yet, there are few studies that reveal the mechanisms underlying this modulation of the inflammatory response. Highlighted here are several such recent and ongoing studies that investigate the mechanisms underlying the effects of diet/genetic interactions on inflammatory biomarkers, followed by a discussion of to what extent these interactions may translate into healthier aging and increased longevity. Whether these interactions translate into healthier aging and increased longevity remains to be determined; however, the prospects are enticing.
Effects of shrimp oil on cardio-metabolic risk factors in children and adolescents; Background: Antioxidants have beneficial effects on health. Shrimp oil has Astaxanthin and omega 3 that act as powerful antioxidants and might have anti-inflammatory effects on cardiovascular diseases. This study aims to investigate the effects of shrimp oil supplementation on cardio-metabolic risk factors in overweight and obese children and adolescents. Methods: This randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 64 overweight and obese participants with 10-18 years of age. They were randomly assigned to receive either 500 mg shrimp oil or identical placebo that contained medium-chain trigtycerides once per day for eight weeks. Dietary intake was obtained using food record questionnaire for three days at baseline and at the end of the study. Fasting blood samples were obtained at baseline and after eight weeks of intervention. Results: Overall, 53 participants completed the study: 30 subjects received shrimp oil and 23 subjects received placebo. There were no significant effects of shrimp oil on total cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-C, LDL-C and blood pressure compared with the placebo group (p>0.05). Shrimp oil had no significant effects on body mass index, waist circumference and hip circumference compared with the placebo group (p>0.05). Conclusions: Supplementation with shrimp oil had no significant effects on improving the anthropometric measures and cardio-metabolic risk factors. Future clinical trials are needed to investigate the beneficial effects of higher doses of shrimp oil on cardio-metabolic risk factors in the pediatric age groups.
Variation in the <i>FADS1/2</i> gene cluster alters plasma <i>n</i>-6 PUFA and is weakly associated with hsCRP levels in healthy young adults; Introduction: Past research has reported that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in fatty acid desaturase 1 and 2 (FADS1/2) can influence plasma fatty acid (FA) profiles. Changes in FA profiles are known to influence inflammatory processes; therefore both FA and SNPs in FADS1/2 may affect inflammation. The goals of this study were to (i) examine the relationships between individual n-6 FA and estimates of FA desaturation with circulating high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) levels, and (ii) determine whether SNPs in FADS1/2 are associated with changes in hsCRP.
RELATIONSHIP OF HYPERINSULINEMIA TO DIETARY-INTAKE IN SOUTH ASIAN AND EUROPEAN MEN; In South Asians (Indians, Pakistanis, and Bangladeshis) settled overseas, high rates of coronary disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes occur in association with central obesity and insulin resistance. To examine whether these disturbances were related to diet, we measured 7-d weighed intakes in 173 South Asian and European men aged 40-69 y in London. In South Asians compared with Europeans, respectively, mean energy intake was lower (9.5 vs 10.8 MJ/day, P < 0.001), total fat intake was lower (36.5% vs 39.2% of energy intake, P = 0.007), starch intake was higher (28.0% vs 21.5% of energy, P < 0.001), polyunsaturated fatty acid intake was higher (8.2% vs 7.0% of energy, P = 0.02), and dietary fiber intake was higher (3.2 vs 2.0 g/MJ, P < 0.001). Elevated serum insulin concentrations at 2 h postglucose were associated positively with carbohydrate intake (P = 0.001) and inversely with alcohol intake (P = 0.006), but not with saturated fatty acid intake. The high coronary risk in South Asian people is not explained by any unfavorable characteristic of South Asian diets.
Diet as preventive medicine in cardiology; Because the main cause of death in patients with established coronary heart disease (CHD) is sudden cardiac death (SCD), physicians should develop specific strategy, including dietary changes, to prevent it. In the long term, reduction of the diet-dependent chronic risk factors of CHD, hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, and diabetes, is also important. The association of the cardioprotective effects of the Mediterranean diet (through various mechanisms, likely including the prevention of SCD) with those expected from the reduction of blood lipids and blood pressure and a better control of diabetes (in addition to its gastronomic appeal) renders this dietary pattern extremely attractive for public health purposes. Experimental and epidemiologic studies, as well as randomized trials, clearly demonstrated that n-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of SCD in CHD patients. Their use is now encouraged either as supplements or as part of a Mediterranean-type diet. Curr Opin Cardiol 2000, 15:364-370 (C) 2000 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The Effects of Dietary Intervention on HIV Dyslipidaemia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Efficacy of dietary intervention for treatment and prevention of HIV-related lipid disturbances has not been well established.
Mortality rates for patients with acute lung injury/ARDS have decreased over time; Background: Over the last decade, several studies have suggested that survival rates for patients with acute lung injury (ALI) or ARDS may have improved. We performed a systematic analysis of the ALI/ARDS literature to document. possible trends in mortality between 1994 and 2006.
The Role of Rho/Rho-Kinase Pathway in the Expression of ICAM-1 by Linoleic Acid in Human Aortic Endothelial Cells; Linoleic acid (LA), a dietary unsaturated fatty acid, has been known to increase the expression of adhesion molecules such as intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) through the activation of nuclear factor-kappa B. Rho/Rho-kinase (ROCK) pathway mediates various cellular functions related to cardiovascular disease and affects the expression of ICAM-1. However, the exact mechanism underlying this action has not been fully elucidated. In this study, we aimed to find out the role of Rho/ROCK pathway in LA-induced ICAM-1 expression in human aortic endothelial cells (HAECs). We found that LA increased ICAM-1 expression and phosphorylation of ROCK and MYPT-1, a distal signal of ROCK. Y-27632, a ROCK inhibitor, suppressed ICAM-1 expression and phosphorylation of MYPT-1 induced by LA. The effect of LA on the increased phosphorylation of MYPT1 and expression of ICAM-1 was abolished by knocking down RhoA and ROCK2 protein level expression using small interfering RNA. LA increased NF-kappa B DNA-binding activity, which was inhibited with pretreatment with Y-27632. This study suggests that Rho/ROCK pathway plays a role in LA-induced ICAM-1 expression, which is possibly mediated by NF-kappa B in HAECs.
Aspirin-Triggered Resolvin D1-modified materials promote the accumulation of pro-regenerative immune cell subsets and enhance vascular remodeling; Many goals in tissue engineering rely on modulating cellular localization and polarization of cell signaling, including the inhibition of inflammatory infiltrate, facilitation of inflammatory cell egress, and clearance of apoptotic cells. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-derived resolvins are gaining increasing recognition for their essential roles in inhibition of neutrophil invasion into inflamed tissue and promotion of macrophage phagocytosis of cellular debris as well as their egress to the lymphatics. Biomaterial-based release of lipid mediators is a largely under-explored approach that provides a method to manipulate local lipid signaling gradients in vivo and direct the recruitment and/or polarization of anti-inflammatory cell subsets to suppress inflammatory signaling and enhance angiogenesis and tissue regeneration. The goal of this study was to encapsulate Aspirin-Triggered Resolvin D1 (AT-RvD1) into a degradable biomaterial in order to elucidate the effects of sustained, localized delivery in a model of sterile inflammation. Flow cytometric and imaging analysis at both 1 and 3 days after injury showed that localized AT-RvD1 delivery was able significantly increase the accumulation of anti-inflammatory monocytes and M2 macrophages while limiting the infiltration of neutrophils. Additionally, cytokine profiling and longitudinal vascular analysis revealed a shift towards a pro-angiogenic profile with increased concentrations of VEGF and SDF-1 alpha, and increased arteriolar diameter and tortuosity. These results demonstrate the ability of locally-delivered AT-RvD1 to increase pro-regenerative immune subpopulations and promote vascular remodeling.
Centrality of Myeloid-Lineage Phagocytes in Particle-Triggered Inflammation and Autoimmunity; Exposure to exogenous particles found as airborne contaminants or endogenous particles that form by crystallization of certain nutrients can activate inflammatory pathways and potentially accelerate autoimmunity onset and progression in genetically predisposed individuals. The first line of innate immunological defense against particles are myeloid-lineage phagocytes, namely macrophages and neutrophils, which recognize/internalize the particles, release inflammatory mediators, undergo programmed/unprogrammed death, and recruit/activate other leukocytes to clear the particles and resolve inflammation. However, immunogenic cell death and release of damage-associated molecules, collectively referred to as "danger signals," coupled with failure to efficiently clear dead/dying cells, can elicit unresolved inflammation, accumulation of self-antigens, and adaptive leukocyte recruitment/activation. Collectively, these events can promote loss of immunological self-tolerance and onset/progression of autoimmunity. This review discusses critical molecular mechanisms by which exogenous particles (i.e., silica, asbestos, carbon nanotubes, titanium dioxide, aluminum-containing salts) and endogenous particles (i.e., monosodium urate, cholesterol crystals, calcium-containing salts) may promote unresolved inflammation and autoimmunity by inducing toxic responses in myeloid-lineage phagocytes with emphases on inflammasome activation and necrotic and programmed cell death pathways. A prototypical example is occupational exposure to respirable crystalline silica, which is etiologically linked to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and other human autoimmune diseases. Importantly, airway instillation of SLE-prone mice with crystalline silica elicits severe pulmonary pathology involving accumulation of particle-laden alveolar macrophages, dying and dead cells, nuclear and cytoplasmic debris, and neutrophilic inflammation that drive cytokine, chemokine, and interferon-regulated gene expression. Silica-induced immunogenic cell death and danger signal release triggers accumulation of T and B cells, along with IgG-secreting plasma cells, indicative of ectopic lymphoid tissue neogenesis, and broad-spectrum autoantibody production in the lung. These events drive early autoimmunity onset and accelerate end-stage autoimmune glomerulonephritis. Intriguingly, dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids have been demonstrated to be an intervention against silica-triggered murine autoimmunity. Taken together, further insight into how particles drive immunogenic cell death and danger signaling in myeloid-lineage phagocytes and how these responses are influenced by the genome will be essential for identification of novel interventions for preventing and treating inflammatory and autoimmune diseases associated with these agents.
Algicidal hydroxylated C18 unsaturated fatty acids from the red alga <i>Tricleocarpa jejuensis</i>: Identification, synthesis and biological activity; Bioassay-guided separation of a methanol extract of Tricleocarpa jejuensis by monitoring algicidal activity against the red tide phytoplankton Chattonella antiqua led to the isolation of an active fraction consisting of a mixture of four isomeric compounds. The active compounds were identified as (E)-9-hydroxyoctadec-10-enoic acid (1), (E)-10-hydroxyoctadec-8-enoic acid (2), (E)-11-hydroxyoctadec-12-enoic acid (3) and (E)-12-hydroxyoctadec-10-enoic acid (4) by NMR, IR and mass spectral data. The structures were confirmed by comparison of the NMR and MS data with those of authentic samples of 1-4 obtained by unambiguous syntheses. Synthesized hydroxy acids 1-4 and related compounds were assessed for algicidal activity against C. antiqua and it was found that all of 1-4 had high activity (> 80% mortality at 24 h) at a concentration of 20 mu g/mL. A structure-activity relationship study using 11 related compounds revealed that the presence of the hydroxyl group is important for the activity and the double bond may be replaced with a triple bond.
Morphological and structural response of <i>Bacillus</i> sp. SFC 500-1E after Cr(VI) and phenol treatment; Bacillus sp. SFC 500-1E, a bacterial strain isolated from tannery sediments, is able to remove Cr(VI) and simultaneously tolerate high concentrations of phenol. In this study, we used high-resolution microscopies, fluorescence polarization techniques, and several biochemical approaches to improve our understanding about the adaptive mechanisms of this strain to survive in the presence of Cr(VI) and phenol, both individually and simultaneously. Among adaptive strategies developed by Bacillus sp. SFC 500-1E, an increase in bacterial size, such as length, width, and height, and ultrastructural alterations, such as electron-dense precipitates, the presence of exopolymers, and cell lysis, are noteworthy. The exopolymers observed were consistent with the extensive biofilm formation and exopolysaccharides and extracellular protein quantification. At the cell membrane level, a rapid rigidity was induced in Cr(VI) + phenol treatment. This effect was counteracted after 16 h by changes at the level of phospholipids, mainly in the composition of fatty acids (FAs); in particular, an increase in the unsaturated fatty acid/saturated fatty acid ratio was detected. This study shows evidence of some adaptive responses displayed by Bacillus sp. SFC 500-1E, which allows it to survive in stressful conditions.
Beyond statin therapy: a review of the management of residual risk in diabetes mellitus; Total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol exhibit an independent, strong, continuous correlation with cardiovascular events. The effectiveness of hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) in the treatment and prevention of atherosclerosis is well-established. However, despite the lowering of LDL targets and the increased use of statins, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) continue to experience a higher proportion of adverse coronary artery disease events. This is as a result of an atherogenic dyslipidaemia, characterized by low levels of high-density lipoprotein and elevated plasma triglyceride concentrations, often with high levels of cholesterol-rich remnant particles. This article will review dyslipidaemia and its role in DM, and will discuss available treatment modalities that address residual cardiovascular risk in this disease.
Enhanced Bioavailability of EPA From Emulsified Fish Oil Preparations Versus Capsular Triacylglycerol; For those individuals who are unable to consume adequate long chain omega-3 fatty acids (LCn3) from dietary sources, fish oil supplementation is an attractive alternative Pre-emulsified fish oil supplements, an alternative to capsular triacylglycerol, may enhance the uptake of LCn3 fatty acids it contains. A randomized, Latin-square crossover design was used to compare the effects of four fish oil supplement preparations (Emulsions S, B and N) on phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) concentrations in ten healthy volunteers compared to oil capsules over 48 h after a single dose and chylomicron fatty acid (CMFA) was evaluated over 8 h. Blood samples were collected at 0, 2, 4, 8, 24 and 48 h and fatty acid concentrations of PLFA and CMFA were determined by gas chromatography and the integrated area under the curve over 40 h ((i)AUC(0-48)) was determined. Emulsion S and Emulsion N promoted increased uptake of EPA into PLFA over 48 h when evaluating by (i)AUC(0-48) or individual time points of assessment. No differences were observed between supplements in the CMFA concentrations.
Edible mushrooms as a ubiquitous source of essential fatty acids; Many different species of mushrooms are consumed around the world, after harvesting from nature or cultivated under controlled conditions. Fruiting bodies of mushrooms from the Agaricus, Lentinula, and Pleurotus genera are reported as the most cultivated and commercialized ones in many countries, while wild edible mushroom species vary greatly according to the growth location. Mushrooms are nutritionally well-balanced sources of carbohydrates and proteins, with low fat concentrations, usually ranging from 0.1 to 16.3% making them very health foods. Although mushrooms are not a choice source of lipids, they contain essential fatty acids such as linoleic, oleic, and linolenic in their lipid profiles, usually as the major constituents. Therefore, compared to other food of vegetal and animal origin, mushrooms have the advantage of possessing high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Percentage of these fatty acids (in 100?g of total fatty acids) in mushrooms varies greatly: linoleic acid ranges from 0.0-81.1%, oleic acid between 1.0 and 60.3%, and linolenic acid from 0.028.8%. A global overview of the lipid composition of mushrooms is presented in this review, emphasizing the presence and levels of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and PUFA. Literature points that, in mushrooms, unsaturated fatty acid levels are generaly greater than those of saturated ones, regardless of the continent where the mushroom is cultivated or harvested. Comparing individually different species of the same mushroom (Agaricus bisporus, Pleurotus ostreatus, and Boletus edulis) from different continents, similar fatty acid profile is also frequently observed. The great variety of edible mushrooms found worldwide and their consistent production of fatty acids, regardless the geographic source, make mushrooms an important source of essential fat acids for a human health diet.
Erythrocyte membrane fatty acid content in infants consuming formulas supplemented with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (ARA): an observational study; In this observational study, we compared erythrocyte membrane fatty acids in infants consuming formula supplemented with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachidonic acid (ARA) with those consuming other types of milks. In 110 infants who were participants in a cohort study of otherwise healthy children at risk for developing type 1 diabetes, erythrocytes were collected at approximately 9 months of age, and fatty acid content was measured as a percentage of total lipids. Parents reported the type of milk the infants consumed in the month of and prior to erythrocyte collection: infant formula supplemented with ARA and DHA (supplemented formula), formula with no ARA and DHA supplements (non-supplemented formula), breast milk, or non-supplemented formula plus breast milk. Membrane DHA (4.42 versus 1.79, P < 0.001) and omega-3 fatty acid (5.81 versus 3.43, P < 0.001) levels were higher in infants consuming supplemented versus non-supplemented formula. Omega-6 fatty acids were lower in infants consuming supplemented versus non-supplemented formula (26.32 versus 29.68, P = 0.023); ARA did not differ between groups. Infants given supplemented formula had higher DHA (4.42 versus 2.81, P < 0.001) and omega-3 fatty acids (5.81 versus 4.45, P = 0.008) than infants drinking breast milk. In infants whose mothers did not receive any dietary advice, use of supplemented formula is associated with higher omega-3 and lower omega-6 fatty acid status.
Immunomodulation by fish-oil containing lipid emulsions in murine acute respiratory distress syndrome; Introduction: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a major cause of mortality in intensive care units. Patients with ARDS often require parenteral nutrition with lipid emulsions as essential components. Besides being an energy supply, these lipid emulsions might display differential modulatory effects on lung integrity and inflammation.
Trans fatty acid intake is related to emotional affect in the Adventist Health Study-2; Trans fatty acids in Western diets increase health risks, and have been associated with the risk of depression. We hypothesized that intakes of trans fatty acids (primarily from margarines and baked goods) were inversely associated with positive affect and positively associated with negative affect in a longitudinal study. Church attendees residing in North America completed a food frequency questionnaire in 2002-6 as part of the Adventist Health Study-2. A subset in which we excluded participants with established cardiovascular disease (n = 8,771) completed the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule (PANAS) in 2006-7. The associations between dietary intakes of fatty acids to positive and negative affect were tested with linear regression analysis controlling for age, gender, ethnicity, education, body mass index, exercise, sleep, sleep squared, Mediterranean diet, total energy intake and alcohol. Intakes of trans fatty acids were inversely associated with positive affect (beta = -0.06, B = -0.27 [95% CI -0.37, -0.17], p < .001) and positively associated with negative affect (beta = 0.05, B = 0.21 [95% CI 0.11, 0.31], p < .001). In comparison, we found no association between n-3 polyunsatured fatty acids (PUFA) intakes with affect. The n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio was inversely associated with positive affect (beta = -0.03, B = -0.34 [95% CI -0.58, -0.10], p = 0.006). The findings suggest that a lower dietary trans fatty acid intake has beneficial effects on emotional affect while the n-6: n-3 ratio is detrimental to positive affect. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fish consumption and its lipid modifying effects - A review of intervention studies; Fish is an important source of nutrients, particularly the long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs). The incorporation of fish into the diet has been shown to have several health benefits, including lowering the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Elevated plasma lipids are one of the main modifiable risk factors contributing to CVD and may be partly mediated by n-3 PUFAs. Although n-3 PUFAs in the form of supplementation have been shown to exert lipid modifying effects, the effects of fish consumption on the lipid profile have not been well summarised to date. Therefore, the aim of the present review is to discuss the current evidence from intervention studies investigating the effect of fish consumption on the lipid profile in both apparently healthy and nonhealthy populations. Existing evidence appears to support the role of fish in promoting a shift towards a less inflammatory lipid profile through raising n-3 PUFAs and potentially lowering n-6 PUFA and triglyceride concentrations in both healthy and non-healthy populations. Fish consumption has a negligible effect on cholesterol concentrations; however, fish consumption may promote a small increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol amongst people with lower HDL at baseline. Limited studies have shown fish consumption to result in shifts in phospholipid and sphingolipid species and structure, albeit it is not yet clear whether these alterations have any meaningful impact on CVD risk. Future well-designed studies that utilise NMR and/or lipidomics analysis are warranted to explore the effects of these shifts in lipid content and structure in the context of disease development. Public health guidance should emphasise the cardioprotective benefits of fish and encourage consumption particularly in the Global North where fish consumption remains low.
REPRODUCTIVE PERFORMANCE OF DAIRY COWS FED A DIET SUPPLEMENTED WITH <i>N-3</i> POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS - A REVIEW; The aim of this review is to summarize the current state of knowledge of reproductive performance of high-yielding dairy cows fed a diet supplemented with n-3 fatty acids (FAs), and to recommend a feeding schedule that can increase the success rate in reproduction. Dietary supplementation with fat, especially EA, has become an accepted strategy for supporting the fertility of high-yielding daily cows. The two main categories of FAs, unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) and saturated fatty acids (SFAs), exert distinct effects on reproductive functions, with UFA having a conclusively beneficial impact. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are of particular importance on account of their biological properties. Standard feedstuffs (such as soybean) are rich in n-6 FAs, whereas few feedstuff's contain n-3 FAs. Neither the n-3 nor n-6 PUFAs are synthetized by the animal. Several field experiments have indicated that the recommended schedule of n-3 supplementation should last 160-170 days, from the eighth week before calving to 100 or 120 days postpartum. Supplementation of the diet thus covers the period from the late preantral stage of the follicle, the entire development of the antrum, oocyte ovulation, and fertilization, as well as the development of the preattachment embryo and its implantation. The following effects are among the important beneficial results of supplementation with n-3 FAs: a higher number of antral follicles suitable for ovum pick-up (OPU), larger dominant follicles and corresponding CL, better quality oocytes and embryos, and higher implantation rates resulting from improved uterine environment (e.g., reduced synthesis of luteolytic PGF2 alpha). We conclude that dietary supplementation for high-yielding dairy cows with n-3 FAs supports ovarian functions and helps the embryo to survive in the adverse environment of the reproductive tract of the postpartum cow.
Identification of predictive biomarkers for diagnosis and radiation sensitivity of uterine cervical cancer using wide-targeted metabolomics; Aim: Uterine cervical cancer (UCC) is the fourth most common cancer in women, responsible for more than 300 000 deaths worldwide. Its early detection, by cervical cytology, and prevention, by vaccinating against human papilloma virus, greatly contribute to reducing cervical cancer mortality in women. However, penetration of the effective prevention of UCC in Japan remains low. Plasma metabolome analysis is widely used for biomarker discovery and the identification of cancer-specific metabolic pathways. Here, we aimed to identify predictive biomarkers for the diagnosis and radiation sensitivity of UCC using wide-targeted plasma metabolomics.Methods: We analyzed 628 metabolites in plasma samples obtained from 45 patients with UCC using ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.Results: The levels of 47 metabolites were significantly increased and those of 75 metabolites were significantly decreased in patients with UCC relative to healthy controls. Increased levels of arginine and ceramides, and decreased levels of tryptophan, ornithine, glycosylceramides, lysophosphatidylcholine, and phosphatidylcholine were characteristic of patients with UCC. Comparison of metabolite profiles in groups susceptible and non-susceptible to radiation therapy, a treatment for UCC, revealed marked variations in polyunsaturated fatty acid, nucleic acid, and arginine metabolism in the group not susceptible to treatment.Conclusions: Our findings suggest that the metabolite profile of patients with UCC may be an important indicator for distinguishing these patients from healthy cohorts, and may also be useful for predicting sensitivity to radiotherapy.
PHOSPHOLIPID AND PHOSPHOLIPID FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF MIXED MURINE SPINAL-CORD NEURONAL CULTURES; The phospholipid and phospholipid fatty acid compositions of mixed murine spinal cord neuronal cultures are reported. The phospholipid composition was primarily comprised of ethanolamine glycerophospholipids (44.8%) and choline glycerophospholipids (43.5%). Plasmalogens made up 29.1% of the ethanolamine glycerophospholipids (13.0% of the total phospholipids) and 4.5% of the choline glycerophospholipids (1.9% of the total phospholipids). Other phospholipids ranged from 2.9% for sphingomyelin to 1.0% for phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate. The fatty acid compositions of the ethanolamine glycerophospholipids, choline glycerophospholipids, phosphatidylserine, and phosphatidylinositol were also determined. The choline glycerophospholipids were the most saturated and contained the smallest amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids. The ethanolamine glycerophospholipids were the most unsaturated and contained the highest amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids. The phospholipids contained minimal amounts of 20:3 n-9 (Mead acid) and are not considered polyunsaturated fatty acid deficient. Thus, for the mixed neuronal spinal cord cultures, the phospholipid fatty acid compositions were not polyunsaturated fatty acid deficient and contained a large amount of polyenoic fatty acids of both the n-3 and n-6 series.
Pistacia Atlantica Desf., a Source of Healthy Vegetable Oil; Pistacia atlantica, which belongs to the Anacardiaceae family, is an important species for rural people in arid and semi-arid areas. The fruit, rich in oil, is used in traditional medicine for the treatment of various diseases. The oil extracted from this species growing in a northern area of Algeria and its fatty acid composition were previously studied. However, the largest areas where this species is present (traditional cultivation) is located in southern Algeria. Moreover, studies on oil fatty acid composition and essential oil were always conducted separately. This study was performed in order to assess the fatty acid and volatile organic compound composition of P. atlantica vegetable oil. The seeds were collected randomly from Djelfa (300 km South of Algiers, Algeria). Oil content and fatty acid composition were determined by Soxhlet extraction. The seeds contained high concentrations of oil (32-67%). The major fatty acids were oleic (39-49%), linoleic (23.6-31%), and palmitic (21.3-26.6%) acids. The ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) to saturated fatty acids (SFA) indicated that the content of unsaturated fatty acids was approximately three times higher than that of SFA. This ratio is widely used in epidemiological studies and research on cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome. The ratios of omega-acids, i.e., omega-9/omega-6 and omega-6/omega-3, were 1.3-2 and 18.5-38.3, respectively. Crushed seeds were analyzed by headspace solid-phase microextraction (SPME) coupled with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. More than 40 compounds were identified, mainly monoterpenes (C10H16), such as alpha-terpinene and terpinolene, but also sesquiterpenes (C15H24) at lower levels. The value of this species as a source of healthy oil rich in omega-3 acid and its effects on cardiovascular disease risk are discussed.
Evaluation of eicosapentaenoic Acid/Arachidonic acid ratio using dried blood spot; Studies over the last half century have shown that a diet rich in fish, especially the intake of n-3 fatty acids, is effective in preventing cardiovascular disease. Determining the eicosapentaenoic acid/arachidonic acid (EPA/ARA) ratio is useful for assessing the quality of dietary habits; however, the convenience of measurements is an issue. We examined the gas chromatography (GC) method of dried blood spot (DBS) as a method to improve the user-friendliness of blood collection. The EPA/ARA ratio of DBS showed a high correlation with that of serum obtained from venous blood, but the value was slightly lower. We developed a rapid GC method capable of making determinations in 11.0 min, shortening the analysis time from 49.3 min in the conventional method. Our new methodology eases the burden on both subjects and healthcare professionals, facilitates large clinical trials, and accelerates routine EPA/ARA ratio measurement.
Prevention and Treatment of Atherosclerosis: A Practitioner's Guide for 2008; Atherosclerosis causes nearly 75% of cardiovascular-related deaths and is found in 80% to 90% of adults >= 30 years old in the United States. Successful treatment minimizes lifetime chances of cardiovascular events, morbidity, and mortality. Risk factors for atherosclerosis should be monitored, beginning in childhood, even in asymptomatic patients. Modifiable factors (e.g., blood pressure, smoking, serum lipids) and nonmodifiable factors (e.g., age, family history) are important in the overall assessment. Clinicians and patients can partner to produce an individualized treatment plan by choosing from a variety of standard approaches. In some patients, improved dietary choices, increased exercise, and smoking cessation will reduce risk to an acceptable degree. To lower risk further, lipid-lowering pharmacotherapy and antihypertensive medication may be combined with these lifestyle improvements. For most of these patients, reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol is the most important lipid-lowering goal, and it is best achieved with a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (statin). Some patients may benefit from adjunctive therapies that have proven effects (e.g., niacin, fibrates, plant stanols/sterols, omega-3 fatty acids). Antihypertensive regimens may involve stepwise adjustments of multiple medications. Good clinical judgment and communication of expectations and goals are critical for effective management of atherosclerosis. (c) 2009 Published by Elsevier Inc. The American Journal of Medicine (2009) 122, S38-S50
A randomised study on the clinical progress of high-risk elective major gastrointestinal surgery patients treated with olive oil-based parenteral nutrition with or without a fish oil supplement; n-3 Fatty acids have clinical benefits. The primary aim of the present study was the assessment of infection in patients who underwent major high-risk elective gastrointestinal surgery receiving postoperatively fish oil (FO)-supplemented parenteral nutrition (PN), compared with those receiving a standard olive oil (OO) emulsion. The secondary aims were the assessment of anti-inflammatory response and evaluation of tolerance and safety of these emulsions. A prospective, randomised, double-blind study was performed in patients requiring at least 5d of PN. An isoenergetic and isoproteic formula was administered: group A received OO alone, while group B received OO that was partially replaced with FO (16.6%, w/w). End points were outcome measures (mortality, sepsis, infection, hospitalisation days and PN duration), inflammatory response (C-reactive protein (CRP), prealbumin and leucocytes) and safety (TAG and glucose metabolism, and liver and kidney function). Statistical analysis was done using Student's t test and Fisher's exact test (P<0.05). Twenty-seven patients were evaluated, with thirteen patients receiving FO. In this group, a significantly lower incidence of infections was found (23.1 v. 78.6%, P=0.007). CRP, prealbumin and leucocytes were not significantly different between the groups. There were no differences in safety parameters. We conclude that high-risk surgical patients receiving FO-supplemented PN for 5d present a lower incidence of infection. Emulsions were safe and well tolerated.
Dietary supplementation with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in early childhood: effects on blood pressure and arterial structure and function at age 8 y; Background: n-3 Fatty acid supplementation in adults results in cardiovascular benefits. However, the cardiovascular effects of n-3 supplementation in early childhood are unknown.
THE ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID REQUIREMENT OF MILKFISH (CHANOS-CHANOS FORSSKAL); The essential fatty acid (EFA) requirement of milkfish was examined by a 12-week feeding trial using defined, purified diets at water temperature of 28-29-degrees-C and salinity of 32 parts per thousand. The test diets contained varying levels of 18:0 (triglyceride form, TG), 18:3(n-3), 18:2(n-6) and (n-3) highly unsaturated fatty acids (n-3 HUFA). Milkfish juveniles were starved for 7 days and were than fed lipid-free diet for 30 days before the initiation of feeding trials. Low growth and feed efficiency together with high mortalities were observed in fish fed the lipid-free diet as well as in the EFA-deficient diet. Supplementation of 2% 18:2(n-6) to the tristearin based diet did not improve growth rate of milkfish as effectively as feeding with (n-3) fatty acids. The highest weight gain was obtained in milkfish fed a combination of 5% 18:0 + 1.0% 18:3(n-3) + 0.5% 20:5(n-3) + 0.5% 22:6(n-3) although the supplementation of 2% 18:3(n-3) alone or combination of 0.5% 20:5(n-3) + 0.5% 22:6(n-3) to the tristearin based diets were also effective for improvement of growth. Thus, (n-3) fatty acids, such as 18:3(n-3) and (n-3)HUFA were nutritionally more important than 18:2(n-6) for milkfish. The fatty acid composition of the polar lipids from whole body of milkfish juveniles fed the various test diets were influenced by the composition of the dietary fatty acids.
Higher Waist Circumference Is Related to Lower Plasma Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Healthy Participants: Metabolic Implications; Objective: We evaluated whether the relationship between waist circumference (WC) and cardiometabolic risk is related to usual diet and plasma fatty acid composition. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 226 health professionals from 20 to 59 years old. Anthropometric features, oxidative stress, inflammatory markers, and plasma fatty acid profile were assessed. Dietary intake was evaluated with a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, the quality of dietary habits by Healthy Eating Index, and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance and triglyceride-glucose index. Results: Higher WC was associated with lower concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.000) and adiponectin (p = 0.000) and higher uric acid levels (p = 0.011). Plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels were negatively associated with weight (p = 0.046), systolic blood pressure (p = 0.035), fasting glucose (p = 0.000), triglyceride-glucose index (p = 0.023), and IL-1 beta (p = 0.037). Individuals with elevated WC consumed more calories (p = 0.002), niacin (p = 0.002), and pyridoxine (p = 0.017), but less calcium (p = 0.001), phosphorus (p = 0.016), and vitamin B2 (p = 0.011). In addition, individuals with higher WC denoted lower PUFA concentrations (p = 0.036). Conclusion: The results suggest that participants with higher WC have lower plasma PUFA concentrations and higher levels of saturated fatty acids. This could be related to metabolic and inflammatory changes that could trigger increased risk of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease.
Protein carbonyl content roughly reflects the unsaturation of lipids in muscle but not in other tissues of stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive strain (SHRSP) rats fed different fats and oils; We examined in vivo the effect of dietary fats and oils with different peroxidizability on protein carbonyl content, the presumed index of free radical-mediated protein oxidation, For 15.6 months, SHRSP (stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive strain) rats were fed a diet supplemented with lard, safflower oil, perilla oil or fish oil/soybean oil, the peroxidizability of which increases in this order, The peroxidizability of tissue lipids was positively correlated with the protein carbonyl content in skeletal muscle, but not in the brain, heart or liver, The protein carbonyl content in the lard group was higher in the brain and liver compared to the other dietary groups. These results contradict the concept that long-term feeding of easily autoxidizable fatty acids allows the accumulation of lipid peroxides to accelerate the development of the free radical diseases, and suggest that tissue protein carbonyl content is not a simple reflection of autoxidizability-related lipid peroxidation but is also influenced by other biochemical processes.
Nutrition for Women in the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases; Awareness of women's risks for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases must be promoted by health care professionals. For overweight and obese women, weight reduction is critical for reducing risks; prevention of excess weight gain must be encouraged for women of healthy body weight. Vulnerable times for weight gain during a woman's life cycle include early adulthood, the childbearing years, and menopause. Thus, healthy diet and exercise behaviors must be particularly emphasized during these years. Polycystic ovary syndrome is also associated with obesity, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease risk, and weight loss can lower these risks. Foods comprising diets associated with reduced cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes risks tend to be unrefined plant foods (vegetables, legumes, fruits, whole grains, nuts, seeds), low-fat dairy products, fish rich in omega-3 fatty acids, and lean sources of protein. Artificial trans fatty acids should be avoided and saturated fats cholesterol, sodium, and added sugars minimized. A balance of micro-nutrients and fiber should be obtained from wholesome food sources rather than supplements. Dietary counseling for women should consider the context in which they live, cultural aspects, socioeconomic factors, menstrual cycle influences on food intake, and warning signs for eating disorders. Continued gender-specific research will be helpful in discerning the most effective lifestyle interventions for women.
Preliminary Study on Treatment Outcomes and Prednisolone Tapering after Marine Lipid Extract EAB-277 Supplementation in Dogs with Immune-Mediated Hemolytic Anemia; Simple Summary Immune-mediated hemolytic anemia (IMHA) in dogs is a common autoimmune disease which is accompanied with a high death rate and therapeutic challenges. A natural anti-inflammatory nutraceutical product, EAB-277, is derived from marine lipids. Unfortunately, the effects of EAB-277 in IMHA dogs has rarely been investigated. The objective of this study is to assess the clinical effects of EAB-277 and prednisolone dose-tapering for supplemental therapy in IMHA dogs. The findings provide evidence that standard therapy combined with EAB-277 can improve hematological and blood chemistry profiles, resulting in a higher survival rate in IMHA dogs. Furthermore, EAB-277 supplementation can reduce prednisolone dosage tapering and improve the quality of life of IMHA dogs. However, a longer-term study with a larger sample size is necessary to corroborate these findings. As a result, marine EAB-277 is a promising alternative to existing medication for IMHA. Since the nutraceuticals have been utilized not only for nutrition but also as supplemental therapy for the treatment of a wide range of illnesses, such as minimizing the adverse effects of immunosuppressive therapy with steroids. Immune-mediated hemolytic anemia (IMHA) is a common autoimmune disorder in dogs with a high fatality rate and it remains a therapeutic challenge. The marine lipid extract, EAB-277, is a natural anti-inflammatory nutraceutical product. However, the effects of EAB-277 in IMHA dogs has rarely been investigated. The objective of this study is to assess the clinical effects of EAB-277 and prednisolone dose-tapering for supplemental therapy in IMHA dogs. Prednisolone was given to 18 anemic IMHA dogs according to a standard regimen. Six dogs were supplementally treated with EAB-277 for 28 days and the remaining twelve dogs were a control group of untreated supplementations. The results demonstrate that the supplement group showed slightly better survival rates (66.7 & PLUSMN; 19.2%) than the control group (16.7 & PLUSMN; 0.7%), but the difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.408). When compared to pre-therapy, the supplement group's blood profiles improved (p < 0.05). The EAB-277 treated group showed a moderate decrease in the incidence rate (4.20 times) of prednisolone tapering compared to the control group. The dosage reduction of prednisolone in supplement group was more than that in the control group (p < 0.0001). Our results suggest that EAB-277 supplementation may enhance clinical outcomes and lessen prednisolone dose-tapering in canine IMHA therapy.
Gender differences in side effects and attitudes regarding statin use in the Understanding Statin Use in America and Gaps in Patient Education (USAGE) study; BACKGROUND: Statin therapy has been shown to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and the benefits of statin therapy are similar for men and women. Recent studies have shown that women are less likely to be treated with statin therapy, to be on higher doses of more potent statins, and to achieve their lipid goals as compared with men.
Global Metabolomic Profiling Reveals an Association of Metal Fume Exposure and Plasma Unsaturated Fatty Acids; Background: Welding-associated air pollutants negatively affect the health of exposed workers; however, their molecular mechanisms in causing disease remain largely unclear. Few studies have systematically investigated the systemic toxic effects of welding fumes on humans.
Use of oregano extract and oregano essential oil as antioxidants in functional dairy beverage formulations; To increase health benefits, dairy beverages can be enriched with omega-3 fatty acids, although these fatty acids are susceptible to oxidation. The use of oregano extract (OE) and oregano essential oil (OEO) as antioxidants in dairy beverages enriched with 2 g/100 g linseed oil was studied. The OE contained 269 mg gallic acid equivalents per gram and was shown by the DPPH radical assay to have powerful antioxidant activity. During 10 days of storage under light or heat conditions, color, conjugated diene hydroperoxides, hexanal, propanal, and dissolved oxygen concentrations were evaluated in dairy beverages containing various concentrations of OE or OEO. It was found that OE was more efficient than OEO in preventing the formation of conjugated dienes, hexanal, and propanal as well as the depletion of oxygen induced by heat or light oxidation. The addition of OE or OEO did not affect dairy beverage physical stability during storage. Crown Copyright (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Lowering the Glycemic Load With Canola Oil on Glycemic Control and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE
Extracellular SQSTM1 exacerbates acute pancreatitis by activating autophagy-dependent ferroptosis; Acute pancreatitis (AP) is an abdominal inflammatory disease initiated by damaged pancreatic acinar cells and developed by systemic inflammation. SQSTM1 (sequestosome 1) has an intracellular function in mediating substrate degradation during macroautophagy/autophagy, and it can be released by macrophages and monocytes to trigger lethal inflammation during bacterial infection. Here, we report that extracellular SQSTM1 acts as a mediator of AP by enhancing the sensitivity to autophagy-dependent ferroptotic cell death. Serum SQSTM1 is elevated in AP patients as well as in mice that have cerulein-induced AP. The administration of SQSTM1-neutralizing antibodies protects against experimental AP in mice. Mechanistically, recombinant SQSTM1 protein (rSQSTM1) increases AGER (advanced glycosylation end-product specific receptor)-dependent ACSL4 (acyl-CoA synthetase long chain family member 4) expression, leading to polyunsaturated fatty acid production for autophagosome formation and subsequent ferroptosis. The rSQSTM1-elicited pathological responses during AP are attenuated in mice with the conditional deletion of Ager in the pancreas. These findings may provide not only new insights into the mechanism of autophagy-dependent cell death, but also suggest that targeting the extracellular SQSTM1 pathway is a potential strategy for the treatment of AP.
The Desaturase OPIN17 from <i>Phytophthora infestans</i> Converts Arachidonic Acid to Eicosapentaenoic Acid in CHO Cells; We demonstrate the ability to increase the amount of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5n-3) in mammalian cells using OPIN17 desaturase gene. This gene was codon optimized based on genomic sequence of Delta 17 from Phytophthora infestans and introduced into Chinese hamster ovary cells using liposome-mediated transfection protocol. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction was utilized to evaluate co-expression of AcGFP1 and OPIN17. Our results indicate that the OPIN17 gene can be expressed in mammalian cells. Heterologous expression of this gene was evaluated by assessing the fatty acid content of OPIN17-transfected cells. A total cellular lipid analysis of transfected cells which were fed with arachidonic acid (AA, 20:4n-6) as a substrate resulted in an 86.5-246 % (p < 0.05) increase in the amount of EPA in transfected cells compared with that in control cells. The ratio of AA to EPA was reduced from approximately 4.07:1 in control cells to 2.2:1 in transfected cells (p < 0.05), which indicates an EPA percent conversion of 30.94 %. Our study demonstrates that the codon-optimized OPIN17 gene can be functionally expressed in mammalian cells, converting AA into EPA and elevating the level of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids efficiently. These results provide an additional support for the use of this gene in generating transgenic livestock.
Quality evaluation of <i>Artemia urmiana</i> Gunther (Urmia Lake, Iran) with special emphasis on its particular cyst characteristics (International Study on <i>Artemia</i> LXIX); Artemia urmiana cysts were collected from seven sites in Urmia Lake, Iran. Biometrical analysis revealed that the mean values for the untreated cysts ranged from 262.7 to 286.6 mu m, decapsulated cysts from 258.6 to 273.9 mu m, and the chorion thickness ranged from 1.2 to 9.3 mu m. The cyst samples were tested for their buoyancy at salinities of 35, 50, 100, 150 and 200 g/l. Two cyst batches from Great Salt Lake (Artemia franciscana) were also tested as reference material. It was found that the majority of Urmia cysts (over 60%) sank after 72 h even at the salinity of 200 g/l, while, GSL cysts reached a much lower figure (less than 10%) after the same time period. Transmission electron microscopy studies of the Urmia cyst chorion revealed a thinner alveolar layer and a thicker fibrous layer in comparison with the respective layers of A. franciscana cysts. A. urmiana instar-I nauplii biometry was also performed (total naupliar length: 466.3-505 mu m). Six reproductive and four life span characteristics were investigated at salinities of 35, 50, 100, 140 and 180 g/l in order to evaluate A. urmiana performance at different salinities. A. urmiana individuals showed a preference for high salinity, since high mortality was recorded at 35 and 50 g/l. No significant differences were found between the three highest salinities (100, 140 and 180 g/l) tested (P > 0.05), with the exception of offspring per brood, reproductive period, and total life span. The analysis of highly unsaturated fatty acid (HUFA) profile of instar-I nauplii hatched from collected cyst batches resulted in low levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3) and high levels of linolenic acid (18:3n-3) ranging from 1.8 to 7.2 and from 32.7 to 54.7 mg/g DW, respectively. Only traces of docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) were found. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Age-dependency in the metabolism of flaxseed lignans by healthy adults; Flaxseed lignan metabolites, enterodiol (END) and enterolactone (ENL), have biological activities that may have potential therapeutic benefit through their antioxidative and oestrogenic properties. Circulating enterolignan concentrations are influenced by gut bacteria, which itself is subject to change with age. The plasma availability of END, ENL and total enterolignans (END + ENL) after 0 and 4-weeks of dietary milled flaxseed consumption (30 g/d) in healthy, younger (18-29 years) and older (45-69 years) adults was determined by using gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. Plasma total enterolignan concentrations increased in both younger and older adults, however, the distribution of END:ENL was lower in older adults (0.74) compared to younger adults (0.96). Post flaxseed treatment, ENL was detected in the plasma of 100% of the older adults, but only in 78% of the younger ones. The potential therapeutic benefit offered by enterolignans may be particularly important for ageing populations that are prone to chronic diseases. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Immune-Enhancing Formulas for Patients With Cancer Undergoing Esophagectomy: Systematic Review Protocol; Background: Adult patients with an esophageal cancer can potentially be compromised with postoperative leaks or fistulae if patients' nutritional status is in a vulnerable stage. Currently in Australia, there is a growing need for clinicians to know whether use of immune-enhancing formulas (IEFs) containing Arg, omega-3, and RNA are a cost-effective approach compared with isonitrogenous-isocaloric formulas to reduce postoperative infectious complications in esophagectomy patients. Since IEFs may carry higher costs, this has led to inconsistencies in practice among clinicians and hospitals.
Sensitization of cancer cells to ferroptosis coincident with cell cycle arrest; Ferroptosis is a non-apoptotic form of cell death that can be triggered by inhibiting the system xc- cystine/ glutamate antiporter or the phospholipid hydroperoxidase glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4). We have investigated how cell cycle arrest caused by stabilization of p53 or inhibition of cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 (CDK4/6) impacts ferroptosis sensitivity. Here, we show that cell cycle arrest can enhance sensitivity to ferroptosis induced by covalent GPX4 inhibitors (GPX4i) but not system xc -inhibitors. Greater sensitivity to GPX4i is associated with increased levels of oxidizable polyunsaturated fatty acid -containing phospholipids (PUFA-PLs). Higher PUFA-PL abundance upon cell cycle arrest involves reduced expression of membranebound O-acyltransferase domain -containing 1 (MBOAT1) and epithelial membrane protein 2 (EMP2). A candidate orally bioavailable GPX4 inhibitor increases lipid peroxidation and shrinks tumor volumes when combined with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Thus, cell cycle arrest may make certain cancer cells more susceptible to ferroptosis in vivo.
Health effects of vegan diets; Recently, vegetarian diets have experienced an increase in popularity. A vegetarian diet is associated with many health benefits because of its higher content of fiber, folic acid, vitamins C and E, potassium, magnesium, and many phytochemicals and a fat content that is more unsaturated. Compared with other vegetarian diets, vegan diets tend to contain less saturated fat and cholesterol and more dietary fiber. Vegans tend to be thinner, have lower serum cholesterol, and lower blood pressure, reducing their risk of heart disease. However, eliminating all animal products from the diet increases the risk of certain nutritional deficiencies. Micronutrients of special concern for the vegan include vitamins B-12 and D, calcium, and long-chain n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids. Unless vegans regularly consume foods that are fortified with these nutrients, appropriate supplements should be consumed. In some cases, iron and zinc status of vegans may also be of concern because of the limited bioavailability of these minerals. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1627S-33S.
Diet and supplements in cancer prevention and treatment: Clinical evidences and future perspectives; In recent years, calorie-restricted dietary regimens and compounds such as vitamins, curcumin, green tea extracts and omega-3 fatty acids have attracted attention for their potential anticancer effects. While definitive conclusions cannot be drawn in this field, many patients adopt complementary antitumor therapies aiming to improve efficacy or reduce toxicity of chemotherapy, with uncertain benefits and the risk of additional toxicities or antagonistic interactions with standard therapies.
Regulation of Colorectal Cancer Cell Apoptosis by the n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Docosahexaenoic and Eicosapentaenoic; Several studies have suggested that the n-3 fatty acids Docosahexaenoic (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic (EPA) have an important protective effect on colorectal cancer, and this could be at least partly due to their proapoptotic activity. It is unclear, however, how this phenomenon is triggered and what mechanisms are implicated. Here, we show that both DHA and EPA have an important proapoptotic effect on colorectal cancer cells with different molecular phenotypes but not in noncancerous cells. Apoptosis is caspase dependent, and both intrinsic and extrinsic pathways are implicated. The dimerization of Bax and Bak, the depolarization of the mitochondrial membrane, and the subsequent release of cytochrome c and Smac/Diablo to the cytosol evidence the activation of the intrinsic pathway. The implication of the extrinsic pathway is shown by the activation of caspase-8, along with the down-regulation of FLIP. The timing of caspase-8 activation, and the oligomerization of Bid with Bax, suggest a cross-talk with the intrinsic pathway. None of the death receptors that commonly initiate the extrinsic pathway: FAS, TNF-R1, and TRAIL-R2 are found to be responsible for triggering the apoptosis cascade induced by DHA and EPA. Neither PPAR. nor cyclooxygenase-2, two likely candidates to regulate this process, play a significant role. Our findings suggest that the down-regulation of two key regulatory elements of the extrinsic and intrinsic pathways, FLIP and XIAP, respectively, is determinant in the induction of apoptosis by DHA and EPA. These fatty acids could potentially be useful adjuvant anticancer agents in combination with other chemotherapeutic elements.
Membrane Lipid Modification by Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) Promotes the Formation of α-Synuclein Inclusion Bodies Immunopositive for SUMO-1 in Oligodendroglial Cells After Oxidative Stress; alpha-Synuclein (alpha-syn) is the major constituent of Lewy bodies and glial cytoplasmic inclusions which are pathological hallmarks of neurodegenerative disorders like Parkinson's disease or multiple system atrophy (MSA), respectively. It accumulates and aggregates during the pathogenic process, and missense mutations, such as A53T, are increasing its probability of aggregate formation. Furthermore, alpha-syn interacts with polyunsaturated fatty acids, and this interaction may promote the oligomerization process. To investigate whether membrane lipid modification by docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) modifies the aggregation process of alpha-syn in oligodendroglial cells, we have used OLN-93 cells stably expressing the human alpha-syn A53T mutation. Cells were supplemented with DHA (25 mu M) for 3 days and then subjected to oxidative stress (OS) exerted by hydrogen peroxide. The data show that modification of the oligodendroglial cell membranes by DHA followed by OS caused the formation of fibrillary alpha-syn inclusions, a decrease in alpha-syn solubility, and an increase in phosphorylation at serine 129, which has been suggested to play a proaggregatory role. The aggregates contain alpha B-crystallin and ubiquitinated proteins and SUMO-1 immunoreactivity. SUMO-1 has been implicated in protein aggregation and identified as a constituent in inclusion bodies in MSA. Hence, membrane lipid modification in oligodendroglial cells promotes the formation of alpha-syn inclusion bodies resembling protein aggregates in neurodegenerative disease. This effect is not only attributable to the A53T mutation but also is observable in OLN cells expressing wild-type alpha-syn.
Role for Combination Therapy in Diabetic Dyslipidemia; Individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus have a high residual risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) despite maximal statin therapy and lifestyle interventions. In addition, adults with diabetes frequently exhibit the pattern of elevated triglycerides, small dense LDL, and reduced levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), also known as diabetic dyslipidemia. The role of combination therapy with an additional agent such as niacin, ezetimibe, fenofibrate, and n-3 fatty acids have been extensively studied with disappointing results. Review of key trials assessing benefit of combination therapy to reduce CVD risk from dyslipidemia is performed. While combination therapy frequently results in an improvement in lipid profile, to date, no consistent improvement in clinical outcomes has been observed. Therefore, current guidelines do not recommend combination therapy in individuals with diabetes, highlighting the role of intensifying statin therapy and lifestyle interventions. The recently released The IMProved Reduction of Outcomes: Vytorin Efficacy International Trial (IMPROVE IT) demonstrated a small but significant improvement in clinical endpoints with addition of ezetimibe to statins in high-risk patients. Although this trial was not specifically targeted towards patients with diabetes, the results may influence the future role of a combination therapy in such a population.
DHA Supplementation Decreases Serum C-Reactive Protein and Other Markers of Inflammation in Hypertriglyceridemic Men; Dietary (n-3) PUFA reduce inflammation, an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The antiinflammatory effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in hypertriglyceridemic men have not been previously reported, to our knowledge, and were the focus of this study. Hypertriglyceridemic men (n = 17 per group) aged 39-66 y, participated in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled parallel study. They received no supplements for the first 8 d and then received either 7.5 g/d DHA oil (3 g DHA/d) or olive oil (placebo) for the last 90 d. Blood samples were collected from fasting men on study days -7, 0, 45, 84, and 91, DHA supplementation for 45 and 91 d decreased the number of circulating neutrophils by 11.7 and 10.5%, respectively (P < 0.05). It did not alter the circulating concentrations of other inflammatory markers tested within 45 d, but at 91 d it reduced (P < 0.05) concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP) by 15%, interleukin-6 by 23%, and granulocyte monocyte-colony stimulating factor by 21% and DHA increased the concentration of antiinflammatory matrix metalloproteinase-2 by 7%. The number of circulating neutrophils was positively associated with the weight percent (wt %) of 20:4(n-6) in RBC lipids, and negatively to the wt % of 20:5(n-3) and 22:6(n-3). Concentrations of CRP and serum amyloid A were positively associated with the sum of SFA and negatively with the wt % of 18:1 (n-9) and 17:0 in RBC lipids; CRP was also positively associated with the wt % of 20:2(n. 6). The mean size of VLDL particles was positively associated with plasma concentrations of neutrophils and CRP. In conclusion, DHA may lessen the inflammatory response by altering blood lipids and their fatty acid composition. J. Nutr. 139: 495-501, 2009.
Consumption of Lean Fish Reduces the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Population Based Cohort Study of Norwegian Women; Background: The effects of fish consumption and n-3 fatty acids on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have recently been debated.
Moderate Walking Enhances the Effects of an Energy-Restricted Diet on Fat Mass Loss and Serum Insulin in Overweight and Obese Adults in a 12-Week Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Increased physical activity may be advantageous for weight loss.
Hyperlipidemia: the Mediterranean diet; Therapeutic objectives: prevention and treatment of dyslipidemias are major aims in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. The primary therapeutic objective in secondary prevention should be to avoid Vascular and cardiac complications as well as reducing or normalizing lipid levels.
Bioactive components of ethnomedicine Eerdun Wurile regulate the transcription of pro-inflammatory cytokines in microglia; Ethnopharmacological relevance: The traditional Mongolian medicine Eerdun Wurile (EW) has remarkable neural recovery effect, and has been playing a key role in the clinical treatment of neurological disorders including ischemic stroke in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China. The preliminary pharmacological studies in animal suggested that EW regulates the expression of trophic factors in brain lesion and may also balance the polarization of activated microglia (Gaowa et al., 2018).
QUANTITATIVE REVIEW OF STUDIES OF DIETARY-FAT AND RAT COLON-CARCINOMA; A quantitative overview of 14 studies of rat colon carcinogenesis was undertaken to examine the relationship between fat intake, and fat intake by degree of saturation, on the incidence of colon carcinoma while controlling for calorie consumption.  Calorie consumption was not recorded in 11 of the 14 studies.  Hence, two types of analyses were conducted.  The first examines carcinoma incidence as a function of percent fat (by weight), with calories controlled for by including weight gain per week in the analysis.  The second estimates calories per day, for studies not providing such information, using weight gain per week and age at death, followed by a joint analysis of estimated fat calories and estimated total calories.  With either approach, a rather strong positive relationship between colon carcinoma incidence and fat intake is indicated for Fischer 344 rats, but no association is apparent for Sprague-Dawley rats.  This situation is somewhat clarified when the degree of saturation is taken into account:  both strains gave results that suggest a negative relationship between colon cancer incidence and omega-3 fatty acids intake and a positive relationship with non-omega-3 polyunsaturated fat intake among Fischer 344 rats.  These analyses suggest an important and specific role for dietary fat in the promotion of rat colon carcinoma.
Production of rainbow trout<i> (Oncorhynchus</i><i> mykiss)</i> using black soldier fly<i> (Hermetia</i><i> illucens)</i> prepupae-based formulations with differentiated fatty acid profiles; The aquaculture sector is expanding rapidly and needs an increasing supply of fishery products. To ensure an ecolog-ical transition of this sector, alternative feed ingredients are required for fish nutrition. Potential alternatives include insects, particularly the black soldier fly (BSF, Hermetia illucens L. 1758), which is being increasingly targeted for their nutritional qualities and their sustainable production practices. BSF have a well-balanced amino acid profile; how-ever, their fatty acid profile is not sufficiently balanced for most aquafeed formulations but can be modulated through their feed. In this study, two different batches of BSF prepupae (BSFP) were firstly produced: BSFP with a standard omega 3 content (C18:3n-3 1.36%) and omega 3-enriched BSFP (C18:3n-3 9.67%). Then, three isoproteic,-lipidic and -energetic trout feeds were formulated and produced: one control and two feeds containing 75% BSF meal as a substitute for fish meal (standard vs omega 3-enriched-BSF). Finally, a trout feeding trial (n = 3 for each feed batch) in a recirculating aquaculture system was carried out for 75 days. BSFP meal inclusion in trout diets did not impact most nutritional and growth parameters of trout compared to the control; however, the coefficient of fatness increased, weight gain decreased and fatty acid profiles of fillets were altered. In conclusion, this study presents a more sustainable model of trout production by including insects from bioconversion of local byproducts in aquafeed. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Natural products target the hallmarks of chronic diseases Preface; Natural compounds are known to display therapeutic potential against a variety of chronic conditions, including cancer and inflammation. The efficacy of these natural substances can be associated with numerous molecular scaffolds present in extracts of living organisms, both terrestrial and marine. Recently, investigators have identified the ability of natural compounds to trigger immunogenic cell death and subsequent activation of the adaptive immune system. Such findings indicate that the full therapeutic potential of natural products has yet to be defined, and further investigations on such agents will continue to yield novel drug candidates.
Dietary effects on nontraditional risk factors for heart disease; Diet has long been known to play a key role in modifying the major risk factors for heart disease, namely, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Numerous recent advances have suggested that dietary components, particularly those in a traditional Mediterranean diet, may also improve nontraditional risk factors. Fish and fish n-3 fatty acids reduce the risk of cardiac arrhythmias. The monounsaturated fatty acids in olive oil may inhibit and reverse the clotting process. The phytochemicals in fruits and vegetables may reduce both inflammation and clotting. Alcohol, usually in the form of red wine, may lower inflammation and improves endothelial function. The traditional Mediterranean diet is low in processed foods containing trans fatty acids and high glycemic index ingredients which increase inflammation and raise lipoprotein (a). The combined effects of these foods has been shown to reduce significantly the risk of heart disease. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term tracking of plasma phospholipid fatty acid concentrations and their correlation with the dietary intake of marine foods in newly diagnosed diabetic patients: results from a follow-up of the HUNT Study, Norway; Analysis of long-chain n-3 and n-6 fatty acid (FA) concentrations is used to evaluate their potential health effects in epidemiological studies, and, recently, also to counsel patients with a suboptimal intake of n-3 FA. Data on the method's ability to track and detect differences within and between individuals in appropriate populations are, however, lacking. The present study provides such data for twenty-nine plasma phospholipid (PL) FA concentrations and indices measured in 214 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients at baseline and after 3 years. 20 : 3n-6 and the 20 : 4n-6:20 : 3n-6 ratio showed the highest tracking coefficients (Spearman's r 0.68), while DHA, EPA and PLN3-index (EPA + DHA) coefficients were 0.60, 0.47 and 0.55, respectively. Fish consumption measured simultaneously with EPA, DHA, sum n-3 and PLN3 index showed Spearman's correlation coefficients of 0.47, 0.44, 0.48 and 0.49, respectively, decreasing to 0.20, 0.19, 0.22 and 0.21 when measured 3 years apart. The within-subject CV of EPA, DHA and PLN3 index were 39.9, 14.3 and 18.0 %, respectively. The corresponding between-subject CV were 33.6, 16.5 and 18.7%, while the reference change values were 112, 41 and 52 %. In conclusion, PL n-3 FA concentrations showed a significant long-term tracking and were positively correlated with marine food intake. Analytical precision, biological variability, reference change value and the index of individuality of EPA, DHA and PLN3 index are similar to commonly used clinical biomarkers, supporting their validity as dietary markers in clinical and epidemiological work.
Vitamin D, homocysteine and n-3PUFA status according to physical and cognitive functions in older adults with subjective memory complaint: Results from cross-sectional study of the MAPT trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the nutritional markers (Vitamin D, homocysteine, n - 3PUFA) status of older subjects aged 70 years and older with subjective memory complaint, according to their physical and cognitive function.
The Effect of immunonutrition in patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BackgroundPancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) is a complex and traumatic abdominal surgery with a high risk of postoperative complications. Nutritional support, including immunonutrition (IMN) with added glutamine, arginine, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, can improve patients' prognosis by regulating postoperative inflammatory response. However, the effects of IMN on PD patients' outcomes require further investigation.MethodsPMC, EMbase, web of science databases were used to search literatures related to IMN and PD. Data such as length of hospital stay, infectious complications, non-infectious complications, postoperative pancreatic fistula (POPF), delayed gastric emptying (DGE), mortality, systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) duration, IL-6, and C-reactive protein (CRP) were extracted, and meta-analyses were performed on these data to study their pooled results, heterogeneity, and publication bias.ResultsThis meta-analysis involved 10 studies and a total of 572 patients. The results showed that the use of IMN significantly reduced the length of hospital stay for PD patients (MD = -2.31; 95% CI = -4.43, -0.18; P = 0.03) with low heterogeneity. Additionally, the incidence of infectious complications was significantly reduced (MD = 0.42; 95% CI = 0.18, 1.00, P = 0.05), with low heterogeneity after excluding one study. However, there was no significant impact on non-infectious complications, the incidence of POPF and DGE, mortality rates, duration of SIRS, levels of IL-6 and CRP.ConclusionThe use of IMN has been shown to significantly shorten hospital stays and decrease the frequency of infectious complications in PD patients. Early implementation of IMN is recommended for those undergoing PD. However, further research is needed to fully assess the impact of IMN on PD patients through larger and higher-quality studies.
Comparison of the effects of flaxseed oil and sunflower seed oil consumption on serum glucose, lipid profile, blood pressure, and lipid peroxidation in patients with metabolic syndrome; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MetSyn) increases the risk of type II diabetes and morbidity and mortality due to cardiovascular diseases. Flaxseed oil (FO), as a functional food, is one of the major vegetal sources of essential omega-3 fatty acids. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the effects of consumption of FO and sunflower seed oil (SO) on lipid peroxidation and other symptoms of MetSyn.
CGI1746 targets σ<sub>1</sub>R to modulate ferroptosis through mitochondria-associated membranes; Ferroptosis is iron-dependent oxidative cell death. Labile iron and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing lipids are two critical factors for ferroptosis execution. Many processes regulating iron homeostasis and lipid synthesis are critically involved in ferroptosis. However, it remains unclear whether biological processes other than iron homeostasis and lipid synthesis are associated with ferroptosis. Using kinase inhibitor library screening, we discovered a small molecule named CGI1746 that potently blocks ferroptosis. Further studies demonstrate that CGI1746 acts through sigma-1 receptor (sigma R-1), a chaperone primarily located at mitochondria-associated membranes (MAMs), to inhibit ferroptosis. Suppression of sigma R-1 protects mice from cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury hallmarked by ferroptosis. Mechanistically, CGI1746 treatment or genetic disruption of MAMs leads to defective Ca2+ transfer, mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and PUFA-containing triacylglycerol accumulation. Therefore, we propose a critical role for MAMs in ferroptosis execution.
Perceived Risk of Fish Consumption in a Low Fish Consumption Country; Among the numerous health benefits of fish consumption, perhaps the most recognized is the role of omega-3 fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular disease is prevalent in Hungary, which has the lowest fish consumption in Europe. Increasing fish consumption is the aim of most European countries and given the high incidence of cardiovascular disease in Hungary, it is of particular importance. A significant reduction of the VAT for fish in 1 January 2018 aimed to increase fish consumption in Hungary. However, despite reduced VAT, the price of fish in Hungary rose from 2017 to 2018. The aim of our research is to explore perceived risks that serve to exacerbate Hungarian consumers' low fish consumption, and to measure their effects to identify potential strategies to most effectively increase fish consumption. We applied partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) to analyze responses provided by 1042 survey participants (collected with face-to-face interviews, using quota sampling in 2014) to explore variables of fish consumption associated with perceived risk including psychological, physical, social, and functional risks. Our model is the first one that applies detailed perceived risk categories to measure those effects on low fish consumption. The results indicate that psychological risk associated with negative past experiences have both a direct, and through functional risk, an indirect significant negative effect on fish consumption. Conversely, neither social nor physical risk impede Hungarian fish consumption. We conclude that the seafood industry could benefit from targeted interventions that seek to reduce functional risk-perception of the person responsible for preparing fish in the household.
Fish consumption among pregnant women in London, Ontario - Associations with socio-demographic and health and lifestyle factors; Background: Intake of fish and omega-3 fatty acids is inversely related to adverse health outcomes; however, these relationships may be confounded by socio-economic status and health behaviours. This study's purpose was to describe the socio-clemographic, health and lifestyle correlates of fish consumption among pregnant women.
Cholesterol, essential fatty acids, and suicide; Epidemiological and clinical studies have described an association between lower serum cholesterol concentrations and increased suicide risk that is not entirely attributable to depression-related malnutrition and weight loss. Recent epidemiological studies with greater samples and longer follow-up periods, however, have even shown a positive correlation between cholesterol concentrations and suicide risk after controlling for potential confounding variables. A meta-analysis of earlier intervention trials suggested that cholesterol lowering could cause or worsen depressive symptoms and increase the risk of suicide. Large trials of statins (simvastatin, lovastatin, and pravastatin) did not show an increase of suicide mortality. The aim of this selective review is to critically discuss the current evidence for a potential link between cholesterol, essential fatty acids, depression, suicide, impulsivity, and aggression. Preclinical data support the hypothesis that cholesterol reduction may contribute to the serotonergic abnormalities that have been postulated in suicidal subjects. Recently, it was hypothesised that a decreased consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially omega-3 fatty acids, may be a risk factor for depression and suicide. Currently, we do not have sufficient evidence that cholesterol-lowering therapies increase the risk of depression and suicide. Increasing the dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids may increase central serotonergic activity and reduce impulsive and aggressive behaviours.
EARLY ENTERAL ADMINISTRATION OF A FORMULA (IMPACT((R))) SUPPLEMENTED WITH ARGININE, NUCLEOTIDES, AND FISH-OIL IN INTENSIVE-CARE UNIT PATIENTS - RESULTS OF A MULTICENTER, PROSPECTIVE, RANDOMIZED, CLINICAL-TRIAL; Objective: To determine if early enteral feeding, in an intensive care unit ICU) patient population, using a formula supplemented with arginine, dietary nucleotides, and fish oil (Impact(R)), results in a shorter hospital stay and a reduced frequency of infectious complications, when compared with feeding a common use enteral formula (Osmolite HN(R)).
SC411 treatment can enhance survival in a mouse model of sickle cell disease; Sickle cell disease (SCD) is one of the most common inherited blood disorder among African Americans affecting 70,000-100,000 individuals in the United States. It is characterized by abnormal hemoglobin (HbS) which develops into severe hemolytic anemia and vaso-occlusive crisis. Therefore, patients with SCD suffer from a chronic state of inflammation, which is responsible for multiple organ damage, ischemic attacks, and premature death. Another major hallmark of SCD patients is the abnormally low levels of omega-3 fatty acids, especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in their red blood cell membranes. Treatment with DHA can reduce red blood cell adhesion and enhance cerebral blood flow, thus, our main goal is to investigate the effect of SC411, which is a novel, highly purified DHA ethyl ester formulation with a proprietary delivery platform in SCD. Utilizing a transgenic mouse model of SCD (HbSS-Townes) and recurrent hypoxic challenges (10%O-2, 0.5% CO2 and balance N-2 for 3 h) to mimic ischemic-like conditions, our data suggest that SC411 can elevate blood DHA and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) levels after 8 weeks of treatment. SC411 can also decrease arachidonic acid (AA) and sickling of red blood cells. In addition, SC411-treated SCD mice showed presented with cerebral blood flow, alleviated neuroinflammation, and revived working memory which ultimately enhanced overall survival. In summary, this study suggests that treatment with SC411 improves cellular and functional outcomes in SCD mice. This finding may provide novel therapeutic opportunities in the treatment against ischemic injury elicited by SCD.
Antioxidant and Anti-Inflammatory Activities in Extracts from Minke Whale (<i>Balaenoptera acutorostrata</i>) Blubber; Intake of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-n3-PUFA) is commonly recognized to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD). In previous studies, cold-pressed whale oil (CWO) and cod liver oil (CLO) were given as a dietary supplement to healthy volunteers. Even though CWO contains less than half the amount of LC-n3-PUFA of CLO, CWO supplement resulted in beneficial effects on anti-inflammatory and CVD risk markers compared to CLO. In the present study, we prepared virtually lipid-free extracts from CWO and CLO and evaluated the antioxidative capacity (AOC) and anti-inflammatory effects. Oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) and ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assays were used to test the AOC, and the results indicated high levels of antioxidants present in all extracts. The anti-inflammatory effects of the extracts were tested with lipopolysaccharide-(LPS-) treated THP-1 cells, measuring its ability to reduce cytokine and chemokine secretion. Several CWO extracts displayed anti-inflammatory activity, and a butyl alcohol extract of CWO most effectively reduced TNF-alpha (50%, p < 0 05) and MCP-1 (85%, p < 0 001) secretion. This extract maintained a stable effect of reducing MCP-1 secretion (60%, p < 0 05) even after long-term storage. In conclusion, CWO has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities that may act in addition to its well-known LC-n3-PUFA effects.
Effect of docosahexaenoic acid monoacylglyceride on systemic hypertension and cardiovascular dysfunction; omega-3 Fatty acid supplementation has been associated with lower blood pressure. Cardiovascular diseases are also known to be linked directly to an increase in omega-6 and a reduction in omega-3 fatty acid levels in blood circulation and tissues. To determine the effect of docosahexaenoic acid monoglycerides (MAG-DHA) on blood pressure, lipid profiles, and vascular remodeling in rats fed a high-fat/high-carbohydrate (HFHC) diet. Studies were performed in male rats subjected to 8 wk of HFHC diet supplemented or not with 3 g/day MAG-DHA. After 8 wk of daily MAG-DHA treatment, rats in the HFHC + MAG-DHA group had lower arterial blood pressure and heart rate compared with the HFHC group. Moreover, MAG-DHA prevented the increase aortic wall thickness, whereas lipid analysis of aortic tissues revealed an increase in DHA/AA ratio correlated with the production of resolvin D2 and D3 metabolites. Histological analysis revealed that MAG-DHA prevented the development of LVH in the HFHC group. Serum lipid profile analysis further showed a decrease in total cholesterol (TC) and LDL, including very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and triglyceride (TG) levels, together with an increase in HDL levels after 8 wk of MAG-DHA treatment compared with the HFHC group. Furthermore, daily MAG-DHA treatment resulted in reduced proinflammatory marker levels such as CRP, IL-6, TNF alpha, and IL-1 beta. Altogether, these findings revealed that per os administration of MAG-DHA prevents HFHC-diet induced hypertension and LVH in rats.
Integrative analysis of exogenous, endogenous, tumour and immune factors for precision medicine; Immunotherapy strategies targeting immune checkpoints such as the CTLA4 and CD274 (programmed cell death 1 ligand 1, PD-L1)/PDCD1 (programmed cell death 1, PD-1) T-cell coreceptor pathways are revolutionising oncology. The approval of pembrolizumab use for solid tumours with high-level microsatellite instability or mismatch repair deficiency by the US Food and Drug Administration highlights promise of precision immuno-oncology. However, despite evidence indicating influences of exogenous and endogenous factors such as diet, nutrients, alcohol, smoking, obesity, lifestyle, environmental exposures and microbiome on tumour-immune interactions, integrative analyses of those factors and immunity lag behind. Immune cell analyses in the tumour microenvironment have not adequately been integrated into large-scale studies. Addressing this gap, the transdisciplinary field of molecular pathological epidemiology (MPE) offers research frameworks to integrate tumour immunology into population health sciences, and link the exposures and germline genetics (eg, HLA genotypes) to tumour and immune characteristics. Multilevel research using bioinformatics, in vivo pathology and omics (genomics, epigenomics, transcriptomics, proteomics and metabolomics) technologies is possible with use of tissue, peripheral blood circulating cells, cell-free plasma, stool, sputum, urine and other body fluids. This immunology-MPE model can synergise with experimental immunology, microbiology and systems biology. GI neoplasms represent exemplary diseases for the immunology-MPE model, given rich microbiota and immune tissues of intestines, and the well-established carcinogenic role of intestinal inflammation. Proof-of-principle studies on colorectal cancer provided insights into immunomodulating effects of aspirin, vitamin D, inflammatory diets and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The integrated immunology-MPE model can contribute to better understanding of environment-tumour-immune interactions, and effective immunoprevention and immunotherapy strategies for precision medicine.
Effects of Fish Oil Supplementation on Oxidative Stress Biomarkers and Liver Damage in Hypercholesterolemic Rats; Metabolic syndrome, especially its component related to dyslipidemia, is related to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a disease with a significant global prevalence. Supplementation with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids emerged as a complementary therapeutic possibility for dyslipidemia, but its benefits are questioned. This paper aims at evaluating the effects of fish oil supplementation in rats with hypercholesterolemia induced by hypercholesterolemic diet (HD). The study design is based on an experimental model in which the animals were randomly divided into 3 groups: G1 (standard commercial feed + saline solution); G2 (hypercholesterolemic diet + saline solution) and G3 (hypercholesterolemic diet + fish oil) over a period of 16 weeks. Metabolic control parameters and oxidative stress biomarkers were evaluated according to standardized methodologies. The G3 group showed significantly lower values of plasma concentrations of TG, and hepatic myeloperoxidase as well as higher erythrocyte superoxide dismutase activity (p < 0.05). Regarding histopathological analysis, there was lipid accumulation in the liver of animals from group G2; meanwhile, hepatocytes reorganization and expressive reduction of lipid vacuoles and hepatic TG content was observed in group G3. This study demonstrated how fish oil supplementation reduced the plasma concentration and hepatic content of triglycerides, as well as liver tissue damage in histopathological analysis.
Vitamins, minerals, essential fatty acids and colorectal cancer risk in the United Kingdom Dietary Cohort Consortium; The risk for colorectal cancer may be influenced by the dietary intake of various vitamins, minerals and essential fatty acids. We conducted a pooled analysis of dietary data collected using food diaries in seven prospective studies in the United Kingdom Dietary Cohort Consortium. Five hundred sixty-five cases of colorectal cancer were matched with 1,951 controls on study centre, age, sex and recruitment date. Dietary intakes of retinol, vitamin A, thiamin, riboflavin, vitamin B6, folate, vitamin B12, vitamin D, calcium, iron, magnesium, potassium, n - 6 fatty acids, n - 3 fatty acids and the ratio of n - 6 to n - 3 fatty acids were estimated and their associations with colorectal cancer examined using conditional logistic regression models, adjusting for exact age, height, weight, energy intake, alcohol intake, fiber intake, smoking, education, social class and physical activity. There were no statistically significant associations between colorectal cancer risk and dietary intake of any of the vitamins, minerals or essential fatty acids examined.
Parenteral Fish-Oil Lipid Emulsions in the Prevention of Severe Retinopathy of Prematurity: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objective Omega-3 fatty acids are vital for brain and retinalmaturation. It is not clear if early use of omega-3 fatty acids in the form of fish-oil lipid emulsions (FLEs) prevents retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) in preterm infants. The aim of this meta-analysis is to evaluate whether early administration of parenteral FLEs reduces ROP requiring laser therapy or severe ROP >= stage 3 in preterm infants.
Mechanisms of Atherosclerosis Induced by Postprandial Lipemia; Postprandial lipemia plays an important role in the formation, occurrence, and development of atherosclerosis, and it is closely related to coronary heart disease and other diseases involving endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, inflammation, and other mechanisms. Therefore, it has become a focus area for further research. The studies on postprandial lipemia mainly include TG, TRL, VLDL, CM, and remnant cholesterol. Diurnal triglyceride patterns and postprandial hyperlipidemia are very relevant and are now insufficiently covered. The possible mechanisms between postprandial lipemia and cardiovascular disease have been reviewed in this article by referring to relevant literature in recent years. The research progress on the effects of postprandial lipemia on endothelial function, oxidative stress, and inflammation is highlighted. The intervention of postprandial lipemia is discussed. Non-medicinal intervention such as diet and exercise improves postprandial lipemia. As medicinal intervention, statin, fibrate, ezetimibe, omega-3 fatty acids, and niacin have been found to improve postprandial lipid levels. Novel medications such as pemafibrate, PCSK9, and apoCIII inhibitors have been the focus of research in recent years. Gut microbiota is closely related to lipid metabolism, and some studies have indicated that intestinal microorganisms may affect lipid metabolism as environmental factors. Whether intervention of gut microbiota can reduce postprandial lipemia, and therefore against AS, may be worthy of further study.
A single Mediterranean meal does not impair postprandial flow-mediated dilatation in healthy men with subclinical metabolic dysregulations; Cardiovascular risk factors are known to exacerbate high-saturated fatty acid meal (HSFAM)-induced endothelial dysfunction, but the influence of subclinical metabolic dysregulations and the acute impact of a single mixed Mediterranean-type meal (MMM) remains unknown. Thus, this study has the objective to evaluate the metabolic and vascular effect of such meals in healthy subjects with or without subclinical fasting metabolic dysregulations. Twenty-eight healthy males without overt cardiovascular risk factors randomly ingested 1 of 2 isocaloric meals on separate days. Plasma metabolic markers, fatty acid (FA) profile, and endothelial function (flow-mediated dilatation; FMD) were assessed at baseline and 2 and 4 h after meal ingestion. Unsupervised hierarchical clustering identified 2 subgroups of participants (n = 11 and 17) differing by their baseline metabolic profiles. The MMM did not significantly alter postprandial endothelial function in all subjects, irrespective of baseline metabolic parameters. In contrast, the HSFAM induced postprandial endothelial dysfunction (Delta%FMDabsolute = -5.28 +/- 2.54, p < 0.01 vs. MMM) in a subgroup of individuals with significantly greater body mass index, fasting insulinemia, and lipid parameters (n = 11). Finally, the postprandial plasma FA profiles were differentially enriched by the HSFAM and MMM, notably with saturated FAs and omega-3 polyunsaturated FAs, respectively. Collectively, our results highlight the detrimental impact of a single HSFAM on endothelial function in healthy individuals displaying subclinical fasting metabolic dysregulations. Such individuals could benefit from MMM, demonstrated herein to be without any acute detriment to endothelial function.
The end of the diet debates? All fats and carbs are not created equal; The key to healthy eating is choosing "good fats"-foods high in omega-3 fatty acids and unsaturated fats, and H good carbohydrates"-foods high in fiber and having a low glycemic index. The healthiest diet is the Mediterranean type, consisting of lean meats, fish, nuts, vegetables, whole fruits, and whole grains.
Practical syntheses of triacylglycerol regioisomers containing long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) is known to protect against a range of degenerative disease conditions and aid in the development of eye and brain function in infants. In dietary lipids DHA is found primarily in the triacylglycerol (TAG) form. However, the effects of the positional distribution of DHA in TAG on lipid functional properties such as bioactivity and oxidative stability are not clearly understood. Studies on this subject for the most part are limited by a lack of regioisomerically pure TAG model compounds containing DHA or similar long-chain (LC)-polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). This paper reports on the development of a practical procedure, based on chemical and enzymatic reactions, for the syntheses of regioisomerically enriched, symmetrical and unsymmetrical TAG isomers containing two palmitic acid and one of linoleic acid, linolenic acid, or DHA. 1,3-Selective acylation of glycerol with vinyl esters of fatty acids catalyzed by Candida antarctica lipase and direct coupling with fatty acids in the presence of the coupling agents 1-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)-3-ethylcarbodiimide hydrochloride and 4-dimethylaminopyridine furnished 1,3-dihexadecanoyl-2-docosahexaenoyl glycerol and its unsymmetrical isomer 1,2-dihexadecanoyl-3-docosahexaenoyl glycerol in 99 and 60% yield, respectively. Critical to the success of the unsymmetrical TAG synthesis is the demonstration that PUFA-containing glycerol acetonides can readily survive appropriately tailored acid-catalyzed conditions. In this way, sufficient quantities of highly regioisomerically enriched PUFA-containing unsymmetrical monoacylglycerols (MAG) and TAG have now become routinely accessible. The methods are amenable to scale-up and could be adopted for regioenriched synthesis of a wide range of TAG.
POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN THE DIAGNOSIS OF CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASES; Blood plasma and red cell membrane levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids were measured by gas chromatography in patients with Stage I essential hypertension, borderline arterial hypertension, functional classes II-IV unstable angina pectoris, and unstable angina.  The findings suggest that insufficient linolenic acid level in blood plasma and red cell membranes and, in the majority of cases, elevated concentrations of linoleic acid are among lipid metabolism disorders in cardiovascular patients.  This fact permits a conclusion that measurements of blood plasma and red cell membrane levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids may be an additional diagnostic criterion permitting an assessment of the disease severity and elucidation of the pathogenesis of coronary disease and arterial hypertension.
Epidemiologic studies on dietary fats and coronary heart disease; The results of large prospective epidemiologic investigations support the hypothesis that coronary disease risk depends on the quality rather than quantity of dietary fat. Whereas saturated fat and cholesterol appear to increase the risk of coronary heart disease (CHID) as predicted. by their effects on blood lipids, strong evidence has emerged that the deleterious effects of trans unsaturated fatty acids (trans fatty acids) extend beyond those predicted by their well-known adverse influence on the ratio of low-density lipoprotein to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. On the other hand, increased consumption of the polyunsaturated fats, linoleic acid and linolenic acid, appears to reduce the risk of CHD. (C) 2002 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Plasma Phospholipid Fatty Acid Concentration and Incident Coronary Heart Disease in Men and Women: The EPIC-Norfolk Prospective Study; Background: The lack of association found in several cohort studies between dietary saturated fat and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk has renewed debate over the link between dietary fats and CHD.
Combination lipid therapy in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: A significant drop in cardiovascular risk has been seen in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with statins. However, this cardiovascular risk remains high, compared with nondiabetic individuals. This is partly due to the typical abnormalities of diabetic dyslipidemia - hypertriglyceridemia and decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) - that are uncontrolled by statins. For this reason, combination lipid therapy may be considered in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Fatty Acid and Sterol Profiles of Commonly Available Street Foods in Sri Lanka: Comparison to Other Countries in the Asian Region; Informal sector foods are considered a vector of unhealthy fatty acids linked to noncommunicable diseases (NCD). This study is aimed at investigating the hazardous and nutritional fatty acids and sterols in commonly consumed ready-to-eat (RTE) street foods (n = 108) in Sri Lanka using modified and validated AOAC and AOCS test methods. Significant variations (p < 0 05) were detected in fatty acid composition among different foods. A comparatively higher fat content (>17.5 g/100 g) was observed in 95% of pastry samples, while 51.5% of total foods exceeded the national threshold limit (8 g/100 g) for children. Saturated fatty acid (SFA) was higher than 1.5 g/100 g in 93% of food. SFA was more predominant than polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in all foods. The most prominent SFA was palmitic acid. Oleic acid was the major unsaturated fatty acid. Total trans fatty acids detected in all foods were in the range of 0.12-1.60 g/100 g. The PUFA/SFA ratios of all analysed street foods (0.16-0.28) were less than the recommended PUFA/SFA ratio of >= 0.4. Omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratios of all food were 18:1-24: 1, which is higher than the WHO-recommended ratio of 4:1-5: 1. Mean atherogenicity and thrombogenicity indices were 0.80-1.63 and 1.47-2.76, respectively. The essential fatty acids of alpha-linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid were less than the required nutritional intake. The most prominent phytosterol is the beta-sitosterol in all foods, and total phytosterols were 3.29-136.65 mg/serving. Cholesterol was in the range of 0.36 to 256.85 mg/serving. These results suggest that consumption of these selected street foods may aid in increasing the risks of NCDs in consumers, and findings emphasise the urgency of improving the nutritional quality of street foods by continuously monitoring and regulating the present culinary practices. This study is the first to report a comprehensive fatty acid composition, including sterols, in RTE foods.
Cutting Edge: Severe SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Humans Is Defined by a Shift in the Serum Lipidome, Resulting in Dysregulation of Eicosanoid Immune Mediators; The COVID-19 pandemic has affected more than 20 million people worldwide, with mortality exceeding 800,000 patients. Risk factors associated with severe disease and mortality include advanced age, hypertension, diabetes, and obesity. Each of these risk factors pathologically disrupts the lipidome, including immunomodulatory eicosanoid and docosanoid lipid mediators (LMs). We hypothesized that dysregulation of LMs may be a defining feature of the severity of COVID-19. By examining LMs and polyunsaturated fatty acid precursor lipids in serum from hospitalized COVID-19 patients, we demonstrate that moderate and severe disease are separated by specific differences in abundance of immune-regulatory and proinflammatory LMs. This difference in LM balance corresponded with decreased LM products of ALOX12 and COX2 and an increase LMs products of ALOX5 and cytochrome p450. Given the important immune-regulatory role of LMs, these data provide mechanistic insight into an immunolipidomic imbalance in severe COVID-19.
A Paradigm Shift in the Prevention of Retinopathy of Prematurity; For more than 50 years it has been known that oxygen therapy can lead to retinopathy of prematurity (ROP). Recent clinical research has led many neonatologists to lower the target oxygen saturation alarm limits to 85-93% and to titrate the inspired oxygen in small increments. Despite efforts to optimize oxygen therapy, the number of cases of severe ROP remains high as more extremely low birth weight infants survive. Based on new insights into the pathogenesis of ROP, there are multiple interventions, in addition to optimizing oxygen therapy that may help decrease severe ROP. Interventions that have the potential to prevent phase I ROP (birth to <= 32 weeks PMA) include increasing retinal erythropoietin (exogenous rHuEPO) and serum IGF-1 (breast milk and/or exogenous IGF-1), maintaining serum glucose below 120 mg, and providing omega-3 supplements. Interventions with potential to prevent proliferative ROP in phase II (infants >32-34 weeks PMA) include treating anemia with a liberal policy of transfusion in premature infants with stage III ROP, photopic adaptation, vitamin E supplements (>34 weeks PMA), and omega-3 supplements. The WINROP algorithm has shown promise as a biomarker in the early identification of extremely low birth weight infants at high risk for proliferative ROP. As there is interplay of multiple factors in the causation of ROP, we suggest that the simultaneous application of some combination of multiple interventions, mentioned above, may reduce the burden of ROP in the most vulnerable infants. These concepts need study in well-designed randomized clinical trials before being incorporated into clinical practice. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
EFFECTS OF DIETARY-SODIUM AND FISH OIL ON BLOOD-PRESSURE DEVELOPMENT IN STROKE-PRONE SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS; The postulated antihypertensive effect of dietary fish oil and the influence of dietary sodium on this effect were evaluated in young stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRSP) by direct intra-arterial measurement of blood pressure.  Weaning rats were fed synthetic diets containing olive oil or eicosapentaenoic acid-enriched fish oil (5% of dry weight) with normal (0.23%) or high (2.8%) sodium content.  Catheters were implanted after 3 months for blood pressure measurement under resting conditions and to sample blood or catecholamine determinations.  Effects of fish oil on vascular reactivity were assessed in the in situ blood-perfused mesentery.  The overall observation, from a series of experiments, was that feeding diets containing 5% fish oil to young SHRSP resulted in a small but consistent suppression of the development of hypertension.  This effect could be counteracted, however, by increasing dietary sodium intake.  Observations after ganglion blockade indicate that the antihypertensive effect of fish oil is unlikely to result from a reduction in sympathetic vascular tone.
Rationale and design of the pragmatic randomized trial of icosapent ethyl for high cardiovascular risk adults (MITIGATE); Objective The MITIGATE study aims to evaluate the real-world clinical effectiveness of pre-treatment with icosapent ethyl (IPE), compared with usual care, on laboratory-confirmed viral upper respiratory infection (URI)-related morbidity and mortality in adults with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD).
Interaction of physical activity and diet: implications for haemostatic factors; Regular moderate intensity physical activity and habitual diet providing no more than one third of energy from fats have been recommended for the prevention of atherosclerotic diseases. The background for these guidelines is the key role of plasma lipids. However, the importance of thrombogenesis in acute myocardial infarction has become obvious during the last decade. Hyperlipidaemia and excess of adipose tissue increase platelet aggregability and blood coagulation, and decrease fibrinolysis. Both regular physical activity and dietary fat reduction decrease blood lipids and body fat thereby diminishing the risk of thrombosis. Currently, data on interactions between physical activity and diet on haemostasis are scarce, and the few studies available have not demonstrated additional effects when these two lifestyle modifications have been combined. This paper is restricted only to studies using controlled randomized design. Regular moderate intensity physical activity as well as diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids decrease platelet aggregability. The effects of regular physical activity on plasma fibrinogen remain contradictory, while the impact of diet is even less clear. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, a possible link between insulin resistance syndrome and coronary heart disease, may decrease due to physical training or low fat diet. It can be hypothesized that moderation in physical activity and diet carries a more powerful impact on blood coagulation and fibrinolysis than either lifestyle modification alone. Studies focusing on the interactions of regular moderate physical activity and fat-modified diet are needed in efforts to optimize the preventive actions by lifestyle changes.
NAD(P)H Cytochrome <i>b</i><sub>5</sub> Oxidoreductase Deficiency in <i>Leishmania major</i> Results in Impaired Linoleate Synthesis Followed by Increased Oxidative Stress and Cell Death; NAD(P)H cytochrome b(5) oxidoreductase (Ncb5or), comprising cytochrome b(5) and cytochrome b(5) reductase domains, is widely distributed in eukaryotic organisms. Although Ncb5or plays a crucial role in lipid metabolism of mice, so far no Ncb5or gene has been reported in the unicellular parasitic protozoa Leishmania species. We have cloned, expressed, and characterized Ncb5or gene from Leishmania major. Steady state catalysis and spectral studies show that NADH can quickly reduce the ferric state of the enzyme to the ferrous state and is able to donate an electron(s) to external acceptors. To elucidate its exact physiological role in Leishmania, we attempted to create NAD(P) H cytochrome b(5) oxidoreductase from L. major (LmNcb5or) knock-out mutants by targeted gene replacement technique. A free fatty acid profile in knock-out (KO) cells reveals marked deficiency in linoleate and linolenate when compared with wild type (WT) or overexpressing cells. KO culture has a higher percentage of dead cells compared with both WT and overexpressing cells. Increased O-2 uptake, uncoupling and ATP synthesis, and loss of mitochondrial membrane potential are evident in KO cells. Flow cytometric analysis reveals the presence of a higher concentration of intracellular H2O2, indicative of increased oxidative stress in parasites lacking LmNcb5or. Cell death is significantly reduced when the KO cells are pretreated with BSA bound linoleate. Real time PCR studies demonstrate a higher Delta 12 desaturase, superoxide dismutase, and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) mRNA with a concomitant fall in Delta 9 desaturase mRNA expression in LmNcb5or null cell line. Together these findings suggest that decreased linoleate synthesis, and increased oxidative stress and apoptosis are the major consequences of LmNcb5or deficiency in Leishmania.
Spatial lipidomics maps brain alterations associated with mild traumatic brain injury; Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a global public health problem with 50-60 million incidents per year, most of which are considered mild (mTBI) and many of these repetitive (rmTBI). Despite their massive implications, the pathologies of mTBI and rmTBI are not fully understood, with a paucity of information on brain lipid dysregulation following mild injury event(s). To gain more insight on mTBI and rmTBI pathology, a non-targeted spatial lipidomics workflow utilizing high resolution mass spectrometry imaging was developed to map brain region-specific lipid alterations in rats following injury. Discriminant multivariate models were created for regions of interest including the hippocampus, cortex, and corpus callosum to pinpoint lipid species that differentiated between injured and sham animals. A multivariate model focused on the hippocampus region differentiated injured brain tissues with an area under the curve of 0.99 using only four lipid species. Lipid classes that were consistently discriminant included polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing phosphatidylcholines (PC), lysophosphatidylcholines (LPC), LPC-plasmalogens (LPC-P) and PC potassium adducts. Many of the polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing PC and LPC-P selected have never been previously reported as altered in mTBI. The observed lipid alterations indicate that neuroinflammation and oxidative stress are important pathologies that could serve to explain cognitive deficits associated with rmTBI. Therapeutics which target or attenuate these pathologies may be beneficial to limit persistent damage following a mild brain injury event.
Identification and Validation of a Novel Ferroptotic Prognostic Genes-Based Signature of Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma; Simple Summary Clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) is one of the leading types of kidney malignancy and is closely related to ferroptosis that is an iron-dependent regulated cell death with lipid peroxide accumulation. A signature of nine ferroptotic genes was identified as an independent prognostic factor via construction in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database and validation in the ArrayExpress database. This signature could successfully divide patients into low- and high-risk groups to predict survival rate. Compared with the other eight genes, glutaminase 2 (GLS2) played a crucial role during erastin-induced ferroptosis in ACHN and Caki-1 cells. It was discovered for the first time that GLS2 might be a ferroptotic suppressor in ccRCC. Renal cell carcinoma (RCC), as one of the primary urological malignant neoplasms, shows poor survival, and the leading pathological type of RCC is clear cell RCC (ccRCC). Differing from other cell deaths (such as apoptosis, necroptosis, pyroptosis, and autophagy), ferroptosis is characterized by iron-dependence, polyunsaturated fatty acid oxidization, and lipid peroxide accumulation. We analyzed the ferroptosis database (FerrDb V2), Gene Expression Omnibus database, The Cancer Genome Atlas database, and the ArrayExpress database. Nine genes that were differentially expressed and related to prognosis were involved in the ferroptotic prognostic model via the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator Cox regression analysis, which was established in ccRCC patients from the kidney renal clear cell carcinoma (KIRC) cohort in TCGA database, and validated in ccRCC patients from the E-MTAB-1980 cohort in the ArrayExpress database. The signature could be an independent prognostic factor for ccRCC, and high-risk patients showed worse overall survival. The Gene Ontology and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes were utilized to investigate the potential mechanisms. The nine genes in ccRCC cells with erastin or RSL3 treatment were validated to find the crucial gene. The glutaminase 2 (GLS2) gene was upregulated during ferroptosis in ccRCC cells, and cells with GLS2 shRNA displayed lower survival, a lower glutathione level, and a high lipid peroxide level, which illustrated that GLS2 might be a ferroptotic suppressor in ccRCC.
Human Leukocyte Death After a Preoperative Infusion of Medium/Long-Chain Triglyceride and Fish Oil Parenteral Emulsions: A Randomized Study in Gastrointestinal Cancer Patients; Background: Parenteral lipid emulsions (LEs) can influence leukocyte functions. The authors investigated the effect of 2 LEs on leukocyte death in surgical patients with gastrointestinal cancer. Material and Methods: Twenty-five patients from a randomized, double-blind clinical trial (ID: NCT01218841) were randomly included to evaluate leukocyte death after 3 days of preoperative infusion (0.2 g fat/kg/d) of an LE composed equally of medium/long-chain triglycerides and soybean oil (MCTs/LCTs) or pure fish oil (FO). Blood samples were collected before (t0) and after LE infusion (t1) and on the third postoperative day (t2). Results: After LE infusion (t1 vs t0), MCTs/LCTs did not influence cell death; FO slightly increased the proportion of necrotic lymphocytes (5%). At the postoperative period (t2 vs t0), MCTs/LCTs tripled the proportion of apoptotic lymphocytes; FO maintained the slightly increased proportion of necrotic lymphocytes (7%) and reduced the percentage of apoptotic lymphocytes by 74%. In the postoperative period, MCT/LCT emulsion increased the proportion of apoptotic neutrophils, and FO emulsion did not change any parameter of apoptosis in the neutrophil population. There were no differences in lymphocyte or neutrophil death when MCT/LCT and FO treatments were compared during either preoperative or postoperative periods. MCT/LCTs altered the expression of 12 of 108 genes related to cell death, with both pro- and antiapoptotic effects; FO modulated the expression of 7 genes, demonstrating an antiapoptotic effect. Conclusion: In patients with gastrointestinal cancer, preoperative MCT/LCT infusion was associated with postoperative lymphocyte and neutrophil apoptosis. FO has a protective effect on postoperative lymphocyte apoptosis. (JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2012; 36: 677-684)
Exploiting three-dimensional human hepatic constructs to investigate the impact of <i>rs174537</i> on fatty acid metabolism; The Modern Western Diet has been associated with the rise in metabolic and inflammatory diseases, including obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. This has been attributed, in part, to the increase in dietary omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) consumption, specifically linoleic acid (LA), arachidonic acid (ARA), and their subsequent metabolism to pro-inflammatory metabolites which may be driving human disease. Conversion of dietary LA to ARA is regulated by genetic variants near and within the fatty acid desaturase (FADS) haplotype block, most notably single nucleotide polymorphism rs174537 is strongly associated with FADS1 activity and expression. This variant and others within high linkage disequilibrium may potentially explain the diversity in both diet and inflammatory mediators that drive chronic inflammatory disease in human populations. Mechanistic exploration into this phenomenon using human hepatocytes is limited by current two-dimensional culture models that poorly replicate in vivo functionality. Therefore, we aimed to develop and characterize a three-dimensional hepatic construct for the study of human PUFA metabolism. Primary human hepatocytes cultured in 3D hydrogels were characterized for their capacity to represent basic lipid processing functions, including lipid esterification, de novo lipogenesis, and cholesterol efflux. They were then exposed to control and LA-enriched media and reproducibly displayed allele-specific metabolic activity of FADS1, based on genotype at rs174537. Hepatocytes derived from individuals homozygous with the minor allele at rs174537(i.e., TT) displayed the slowest metabolic conversion of LA to ARA and significantly reduced FADS1 and FADS2 expression. These results support the feasibility of using 3D human hepatic cultures for the study of human PUFA and lipid metabolism and relevant gene-diet interactions, thereby enabling future nutrition targets in humans.
The impact of fatty acids biosynthesis on the risk of cardiovascular diseases in Europeans and East Asians: a Mendelian randomization study; Despite early interest, the evidence linking fatty acids to cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) remains controversial. We used Mendelian randomization to explore the involvement of polyunsaturated (PUFA) and monounsaturated (MUFA) fatty acids biosynthesis in the etiology of several CVD endpoints in up to 1 153 768 European (maximum 123 668 cases) and 212 453 East Asian (maximum 29 319 cases) ancestry individuals. As instruments, we selected single nucleotide polymorphisms mapping to genes with well-known roles in PUFA (i.e. FADS1/2 and ELOVL2) and MUFA (i.e. SCD) biosynthesis. Our findings suggest that higher PUFA biosynthesis rate (proxied by rs174576 near FADS1/2) is related to higher odds of multiple CVDs, particularly ischemic stroke, peripheral artery disease and venous thromboembolism, whereas higher MUFA biosynthesis rate (proxied by rs603424 near SCD) is related to lower odds of coronary artery disease among Europeans. Results were unclear for East Asians as most effect estimates were imprecise. By triangulating multiple approaches (i.e. uni-/multi-variable Mendelian randomization, a phenome-wide scan, genetic colocalization and within-sibling analyses), our results are compatible with higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (and possibly glucose) being a downstream effect of higher PUFA biosynthesis rate. Our findings indicate that PUFA and MUFA biosynthesis are involved in the etiology of CVDs and suggest LDL cholesterol as a potential mediating trait between PUFA biosynthesis and CVDs risk.
Dietary Fatty Acids and the Risk of Hypertension in Middle-Aged and Older Women; Dietary intake of various fats may have different effects on blood pressure. We conducted a prospective cohort study to examine the association between intake of subtype and individual fatty acids (FAs) and the risk of developing hypertension among 28 100 US women aged >= 39 years and free of cardiovascular disease and cancer. Baseline intake of FAs was assessed using semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires. Incident hypertension was identified from annual follow-up questionnaires based on self-reported physician diagnosis, medication use, and blood pressure levels. A total of 13 633 women developed incident hypertension during 12.9 years of follow-up. After adjusting for demographic, lifestyle, and other dietary factors, intake of saturated FAs, monounsaturated FAs, and trans-unsaturated FAs (trans FAs) was positively associated with the risk of hypertension. The multivariable relative risks and 95% CIs of hypertension in the highest compared with the lowest quintile of intake were 1.12 (1.05 to 1.20) for saturated FAs, 1.11 (1.04 to 1.18) for monounsaturated FAs, and 1.15 (1.08 to 1.22) for trans FAs. After additional adjustment for body mass index and history of diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia, these associations were attenuated and remained statistically significant only for trans FAs (relative risk in the highest quintile: 1.08; 95% CI: 1.01 to 1.15). Intake of polyunsaturated FAs, including omega 3 and omega 6 polyunsaturated FAs, was not significantly associated with the risk of hypertension. In conclusion, higher intake of saturated FAs, monounsaturated FAs, and trans FAs was each associated with increased risk of hypertension among middle-aged and older women, whereas only association for trans FAs remained statistically significant after adjustment for obesity-related factors. (Hypertension. 2010;56:598-604.)
Dietary fat intakes, lipid profiles, adiposity, inflammation, and glucose in women and men in the Framingham Offspring Cohort; Introduction: The role of dietary fat in the evolution of cardiometabolic disorders is highly controversial. As both dietary intake and the development of cardiometabolic risk differ by sex, we evaluated sex-specific differences in the associations between dietary fats (saturated and unsaturated) and four key cardiometabolic risk factors-lipid profiles, body fat, inflammation, and glucose regulation.
EFFECT OF FISH-OIL AND VITAMIN-E ON THE CARDIOVASCULAR RISK INDICATORS FIBRINOGEN, C-REACTIVE PROTEIN AND PAI ACTIVITY IN HEALTHY-YOUNG VOLUNTEERS; High plasma levels of fibrinogen, C-reactive protein (CRP) and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI) activity are associated with an increased risk of ischaemic heart disease and stroke. There are indications that N-3 fatty acids influence the production of these proteins, but only in the presence of an adequate amount of the antioxidant vitamin E.
A very rare case of chylomicronemia revealed by cerebral thrombophlebitis in a 4-month-old infant; Introduction: Hyperchylomicronemia is a disorder of lipid's metabolism that can present fatal complications such us such venous or arterial thrombosis, pancreatitis, and cardiovascular incidents.
The two faces of the 15-lipoxygenase in atherosclerosis; Chronic inflammation plays a major role in atherogenesis and understanding the role of inflammation and its resolution will offer novel approaches to interfere with atherogenesis. The 15(S)-lipoxygenase (15-LOX) plays a janus-role in inflammation with pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects in cell cultures and primary cells and even opposite effects on atherosclerosis in two different animal species. There is evidence for a pro-atherosclerotic effect of 15-LOX including the direct contribution to LDL oxidation and to the recruitment of monocytes to the vessel wall, its role in angiotensin 11 mediated mechanisms and in vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation. In contrast to the pro-atherosclerotic effects of 15-LOX, there is also a broad line of evidence that 15-LOX metabolites of arachidonic and linoleic acid have anti-inflammatory effects. The 15-LOX arachidonic acid metabolite 15-HETE inhibits superoxide production and polymorphonuclear neutrophil (PMN) migration across cytokine-activated endothelium and can be further metabolized to the anti-inflammatory lipoxins. These promote vasorelaxation in the aorta and counteract the action of most other pro-inflammatory factors like leukotrienes and prostanoids. Anti-atherogenic properties are also reported for the linoleic acid oxidation product 13-HODE through inhibition of adhesion of several blood cells to the endothelium. Furthermore, there is evidence that 15-LOX is involved in the metabolism of the long-chain omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) leading to a family of anti-inflammatory resolvins and protectins. From these cell culture and animal studies the role of the 15-LOX in human atherosclerosis cannot be predicted. However, recent genetic studies characterized the 15-LOX haplotypes in Caucasians and discovered a functional polymorphism in the human 15-LOX promoter. This will now allow large studies to investigate an association of 15-LOX with coronary artery disease and to answer the question whether 15-LOX is pro-or anti-atherogenic in humans. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mitigation of Inflammation with Foods; Constant overproduction of pro-inflammatory molecules leads to chronic inflammation. Unlike acute inflammation, which is essential for healing, chronic inflammation can delay healing and, if left unchecked, contribute to a host of diseases. There is growing evidence that some dietary factors can play important roles in maintaining health and even reversing the progression of chronic diseases, with anti-inflammatory effects as important underlying mechanism. Such findings add to the body of evidence that certain dietary components, including polyphenols and other types of compounds, found in various dietary factors including fruits, berries, vegetables, nuts, whole grains, and foods of marine origin, can play an important role in attenuating and mitigating chronic pro-inflammatory processes associated with chronic diseases.
Atherogenic Effect of Homocysteine, a Biomarker of Inflammation and Its Treatment; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy) is an independent risk factor for atherosclerosis. Ischemic stroke and heart disease, coronary heart disease, and cardiovascular disease are events resulting from long-lasting and silent atherosclerosis. This paper deals with the synthesis of homocysteine (Hcy), causes of HHcy, mechanism of HHcy-induced atherosclerosis, and treatment of HHcy. Synthesis and metabolism of Hcy involves demethylation, transmethylation, and transsulfuration, and these processes require vitamin B 6 and vitamin B 12 folic acid (vitamin B 9 ). Causes of HHcy include deficiency of vitamins B 6 , B 9 , and B 12 , genetic defects, use of smokeless tobacco, cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, low thyroid hormone, consumption of caffeine, folic acid antagonist, cholesterol-lowering drugs (niacin), folic acid antagonist (phenytoin), prolonged use of proton pump inhibitors, metformin, and hypertension. HHcy-induced atherosclerosis may be mediated through oxidative stress, decreased availability of nitric oxide (NO), increased expression of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, smooth muscle cell proliferation, increased thrombogenicity, and induction of arterial connective tissue. HHcy increases the generation of atherogenic biomolecules such as nuclear factor-kappa B, proinflammatory cytokines (IL-1 beta, IL-6, and IL-8), cell adhesion molecules (intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and E-selection), growth factors (IGF-1 and TGF-beta), and monocyte colony-stimulating factor which lead to the development of atherosclerosis. NO which is protective against the development of atherosclerosis is reduced by HHcy. Therapy with folic acid, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 lowers the levels of Hcy, with folic acid being the most effective. Dietary sources of folic acid, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, omega-3 fatty acid, and green coffee extract reduce Hcy. Abstaining from drinking coffee and alcohol, and smoking also reduces blood levels of Hcy. In conclusion, HHcy induces atherosclerosis by generating atherogenic biomolecules, and treatment of atherosclerosis-induced diseases may be by reducing the levels of Hcy.
Atheroprotective effect of dietary walnut intake in ApoE-deficient mice: Involvement of lipids and coagulation factors; Introduction: Consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and antioxidant polyphenols is considered to decline the risk of cardiovascular disease.
ESSENTIAL FATTY-ACID METABOLISM IN PATIENTS WITH ESSENTIAL-HYPERTENSION, DIABETES-MELLITUS AND CORONARY HEART-DISEASE; Mortality and morbidity from coronary heart disease (CHD), diabetes mellitus (DM) and essential hypertension (HTN) are higher in people of South Asian descent than in other groups. There is evidence to believe that essential fatty acids (EFAs) and their metabolites may have a role in the pathobiology of CHD, DM and HTN. Fatty acid analysis of the plasma phospholipid fraction revealed that in CHD the levels of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), arachidonic acid (AA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are low, in patients with HTN linoleic acid (LA) and AA are low, and in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and diabetic nephropathy the levels of dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DGLA), AA, alapha-linolenic acid (ALA) and DHA are low, all compared to normal controls. These results are interesting since DGLA, AA and EPA form precursors to prostaglandin E(1), (PGE(1)), prostacyclin (PGI(2)), and PGI(3), which are potent platelet anti-aggregators and vasodilators and can prevent thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Further, the levels of lipid peroxides were found to be high in patients with CHD, HTN, NIDDM and diabetic nephropathy. These results suggest that increased formation of lipid peroxides and an alteration in the metabolism of EFAs are closely associated with CHD, HTN and NIDDM in Indians. Since insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia and features of obesity, NIDDM, HTN and CHD, diseases that are common in Indians, and as decreased insulin sensitivity is associated with decreased concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in skeletal muscle phospholipids and, possibly, in the plasma, the possibility is raised that changes in the metabolism of EFAs may have a fundamental role in the pathobiology of these conditions. If this is true, this suggests that supplementation of GLA, DGLA, AA, EPA and/or DHA may be indicated to prevent CHD, HTN and NIDDM in Indians.
Neuroprotectin D1 inhibits retinal ganglion cell death following axotomy; Neuroprotectin D1 (NPD1), a docosahexaenoic acid-derived autacoid, is an enclogenous neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory mediator that is generated in the retina and brain. The effects of exogenous NPD1 on retinal ganglion cell (RGC) apoptosis and the role of 12/15-lipoxygenase (Alox15) in retina were evaluated after optic nerve transection (ONT). Treatment with NPD1 was associated with significant protection against RGC death. The percentage of RGC survival in NPD1-treated group was 30% at 2 weeks after ONT as compared with 12% of RGC survival in the ONT group without treatment. Endogenous NPD1 was a predominant lipid autocoid in uninjured and axotomized retinas. Alox15 mRNA expression was upregulated in retinas following ONT suggesting that amplification of 12/15lipoxygenase (12/15-LOX) may represent a neuroprotective response in the rat retina. The density of RGCs was higher in the normal retina of 12/15-LOX-deficient mice as compared with congenic controls. Hence, the resident NPD1 has a potential role in the physiological and pathophysiological responses of the retina. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary lipids and cancer; Cancer is one of the main causes of death in Western countries. Among the factors that contribute to the appearance of this disease, diet has a fundamental role, and specifically fats are the main component related to the increase in the incidence of cancerous diseases, particularly breast, colon-rectal, and prostate cancer. From dietary lipids, much attention has been given to the beneficial effects of fish oil, rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids n-3 serie, as well as of olive oil, rich in monounsaturated fatty acids - primarily oleic acid. On the contrary, a negative effect has been reported for polyunsaturated fatty acids n-6 serie and for saturated fatty acids. Nutrition constitutes an important aspect of the life of cancer patients. Currently, nutritional formulas are being designed with supplements of polyunsaturated n-3 fatty acids and other components such as arginine, RNA, lysine, etc., with the aim of ameliorating the effects of this pathology. The results demonstrate the lower morbility and therefore improved quality of life, a decline in mortality, and a reduction in related costs.
Marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids lower plasma proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 levels in pre- and postmenopausal women: A randomised study; Objective: To investigate whether a supplement of 2.2 g of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) influences plasma proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 (PCSK9) levels in pre- and postmenopausal women.
Treatment of diabetic dyslipoproteinemia; Diabetes mellitus, specifically type 2, is often associated with disorders in lipid metabolism. Elevated levels of plasma free fatty acids play a pivotal role by contributing significantly to insulin resistance. In addition free fatty acids promote diabetic dyslipidemia through increasing VLDL synthesis in the liver, and by virtue of cholesterylester transfer protein, modifying LDL to increase small-dense LDL subfractions and to decrease HDL cholesterol. This atherogenic lipoprotein profile (elevated triglycerides, increased small-dense low-density lipoproteins, and decreased high-density lipoproteins), contributes to the development of atherosclerosis and increases the risk of experiencing cardiovascular events, the most common cause of death in type 2 diabetes. To decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease events in diabetics, dyslipidemia needs to be treated, as evidenced from epidemiology, from intervention trials, and from subgroup analyses of large intervention trials initiated to evaluate effects of lipid lowering treatment that also included patients with type 2 diabetes.
Assessing the level of alphalinolenic acid in plasma cholesteryl esters in humans; The level of olpho-linolenic acid (ALA) in plasma cholesteryl esters (CE) could be a reliable biomarker to assess the risks of coronary heart disease and stroke. Epidemiologic studies have shown that these diseases occurred in subjects whose ALA content in CE (0.3% of total fatty acids) was lower than that in healthy subjects (0.4-0.9%). The aim was to study, the effect of the intake of oleic acid (OA), ranging from 11 to 16% of total dietary energy, Previous studies have shown that diets rich in monounsaturated fat promoted atherosclerosis when compared to diets substituted with isocaloric amounts of saturated or polyunsaturated fat, and cholesteryl oleate replaced cholesteryl linoleate as the major cholesterol ester In the present study, the linoleic acid/linolenic acid ratio (LA/ALA) of the diets was maintained between 5.0 and 7.9. Thirty healthy men (monks) received 3 controlled diets for 4 months one after the other separated by a washout period. Different proportions of ALA LA and OA in dietary fat were obtained from different combinations of oils (high oleic sunflower/sunflower/rapeseed). Lipids were 30, 34 and 35% energy in diets I, II and III, respectively, Diet I provided 28.2 g/d OA (=11% en), 9.0 g/d LA and 1.4 g/d ALA; diet II: 36.5 g/d OA (=13% en), 13.0 g/d LA and 2.6 g/d ALA; diet III: 43.3 g/d OA (=16% en), 11.3 g/d LA and 1.5 g/d ALA. The OA/LA ratio was 3.1 (diet I), 2.8 (diet I) and 3.6 (diet III). The LA/ALA ratio was 6.4 (diet I), 5.0 (diet II) and 7.9 (diet III). After each diet, fatty acid compositions of plasma cholesteryl esters were the following: i) OA: 19.42+/-1.50% (diet I); 16.39+/-1.30% (dietII); 19.47+/-1.45% (diet III); ii) LA: 51.67+/-2.85% (diet I); 55.12+/-3.89% (diet II); 52.96+/-3.10% (diet III); iii) ALA: 0.70+/-0.12% (diet I); 0.68+/-0.12% (diet II); 0.63+/-0.10% (diet III). These results show that these different supplies of OA LA and ALA allow to obtain a favorable value of ALA (>0. 6%) in plasma CE. Compared with a standard French population, 18:3n-3 increased by 57% and 20:5n-3 doubled (1.2% vs 0.6% of total fatty acids) in plasma cholesterol esters of subjects fed these diets.
Functional food science and the cardiovascular system; Cardiovascular disease has a multifactorial aetiology, as is illustrated by the existence of numerous risk indicators, many of which can be influenced by dietary means. It should be recalled, however, that only after a cause-and-effect relationship has been established between the disease and a given risk indicator (called a risk factor in that case), can modifying this factor be expected to affect disease morbidity and mortality. In this paper, effects of diet on cardiovascular risk are reviewed, with special emphasis on modification of the plasma Lipoprotein profile and of hypertension. In addition, dietary influences on arterial thrombotic processes, immunological interactions, insulin resistance and hyperhomocysteinaemia are discussed. Dietary Lipids are able to affect lipoprotein metabolism in a significant way, thereby modifying the. risk of cardiovascular disease. However, more research is required concerning the possible interactions between the:various dietary fatty acids, and between fatty acids and dietary cholesterol. In addition, more studies are needed with respect to the possible importance of the postprandial state. Although in the aetiology df hypertension the genetic component is definitely stronger than environmental factors, some benefit in terms of the development and coronary complications of atherosclerosis in hypertensive patients can be expected from fatty acids such as ol-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. This particularly holds for those subjects where the hypertensive mechanism involves the formation of thromboxane Az and/or alpha 1-adrenergic activities. However, large-scale trials are required to test this contention. Certain aspects of blood platelet function, blood coagulability,:and fibrinolytic activity are associated with cardiovascular risk, but causality has been insufficiently proven. Nonetheless, well-designed intervention studies should be initiated to further evaluate such promising dietary components as the various n-3 and n-6 fatty acids and their combination, antioxidants, fibre, etc. for their effect on processes participating in arterial thrombus formation. Long-chain polyenes of the n-3 family and antioxidants can modify the-activity of immunocompetent cells, but we are at an early stage of examining the role pf immune function on the development of atherosclerotic plaques. Actually, there is little, if any, evidence that dietary modulation of immune system responses of cells participating in atherogenesis exerts beneficial effects. Although it seems feasible to modulate insulin sensitivity and subsequent cardiovascular risk factors by decreasing the total amount of dietary fat and increasing the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids, additional studies on the efficacy of specific fatty acids, dietary fibre, and low-energy diets, as well as on the mechanisms involved are required to understand the real function of these dietary components. Finally, dietary supplements containing folate and vitamins B-6 and/or B-12 should bd tested for their potential to reduce cardiovascular risk by lowering the plasma level of homocysteine.
Influence of fish consumption on the distribution of serum cholesterol in lipoprotein fractions: comparative study among fish-consuming and non-fish-consuming populations; The objective of this study was to investigate serum lipoprotein levels in order to assess cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors between fish-consuming populations and non-fish-consuming populations, as it has been speculated that fish intake reduces CVD risk. A representative sample of one thousand subjects (529 men and 471 women) were selected, with ages ranging from 20 to 70 years, from 40 villages belonging to fish-consuming (500) or non-fish-consuming (500) populations. Serum lipoprotein lipids such as total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were analysed biochemically using standard procedures. The ratios of TC: HDL-C and LDL-C: HDL-C were computed. Mean values of serum LDL-C and the ratios of LDL-C : HDL-C and TC : HDL-C were significantly lower and HDL-C levels were higher in fish-consumers than in non-fish-consumers, The concentrations of HDL-C decreased with increasing age, while the reverse was true for LDL-C and for the LDL-C : HDL-C and TC : HDL-C ratios. There were significant sex differences for certain age groups in both of the population groups. The 5th, 50th and 95th percentile cut-off values for these parameters were lower in fish-consumers than in non-fish-consumers. The prevalence of individuals at risk of CVD because of low HDL-C (<35 mg/dL), high LDL-C (>130 mg/dL) and their atherogenic ratios (LDL-C : HDL-C > 3.5 and TC : HDL-C > 4.5) was significantly greater in non-fish-consumers. This study highlights that the fish-consuming population had a lower atherogenic risk than the non-fish-consuming population. The intake of fish may have substantial implications for public health and health economy by decreasing the risk of CVD. However, more studies are warranted to better define the mechanisms of cardioprotection by dietary fish and fish oils.
Anti-Inflammatory Dietary Approach to Prevent the Development and Progression of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Diseases; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an increasing health problem worldwide and is associated with insulin resistance, increased visceral fat mass, and cardiovascular problems. Lifestyle factors such as sedentary lifestyle, chronic stress, obesogenic environment as well as a Western pattern diet are main contributors to the development and progression of this disease. In particular, the diet plays a pivotal role. An unhealthy diet including high consumption of red and processed meats, refined carbohydrates, simple sugars, highly processed foods with food additives and conservatives are lighting the fire for a low-grade inflammation. If other risk factors come into play, metabolic and hormonal derangement may occur, leading to the increase in visceral fat, gut dysbiosis and leaky gut, which stoke the inflammatory fire. Thus, lifestyle interventions are the most effective approach to quell the inflammatory processes. An anti-inflammatory and low-glycemic diet named the GLykLich diet, which includes whole and unprocessed foods, may reduce the risk of increased morbidity and mortality. The GLykLich diet suggests a meal consisting of complex carbohydrates (fiber), good quality of protein and healthy fats (DHA/EPA), and is rich in secondary plant products. There is no single nutrient to prevent the progression of NAFLD, rather, it is the complexity of substances in whole unprocessed foods that reduce the inflammatory process, improve metabolic state, and thus reverse NAFLD.
Ability of Low-Cost Force-Feedback Device to Influence Postural Stability; Low-cost gaming technology offers promising devices for the rehabilitation of stroke patients at home. While several attempts have been made to use low-cost motion tracking devices (Kinect) or balance boards (Wii Board), the potential of low-cost haptic devices has yet to be explored in this context. The objective of this study was to investigate whether it is possible to influence postural stability with a low-cost device despite its technical limitations, and to explore the most promising modes of haptic interaction to increase and decrease postural stability. Two groups of younger subjects used a high-end (Omega.3) and a low-cost (Falcon) device respectively. A third group of older subjects used the Falcon. We show that light touch contact with the device improves stability, whereas the force tasks decrease it. The effects of the different tasks are consistent in the two age groups. Although there are differences in the participants' interaction with the two devices, the effect of the devices on postural stability is comparable. We conclude that a low-cost haptic device can be used to increase or decrease postural stability of healthy subjects with an age similar to that of typical stroke patients, in a safe and controllable way.
Familial chylomicronemia syndrome: an under-recognized cause of severe hypertriglyceridaemia; Familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder of chylomicron metabolism causing severe elevation of triglyceride (TG) levels (>10 mmol L-1). This condition is associated with a significant risk of recurrent acute pancreatitis (AP). AP caused by hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) has been associated with a worse prognosis and higher mortality rates compared to pancreatitis of other aetiology. Despite its association with poor quality of life and increased lifelong risk of HTG-AP, few healthcare providers are familiar with FCS. Because this condition is under-recognized, the majority of FCS patients are diagnosed after age 20 often after consulting several physicians. Although other forms of severe HTG such as multifactorial chylomicronemia have been associated with high atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk and metabolic abnormalities, ASCVD and metabolic syndrome are not usually observed in FCS patients. Because FCS is a genetic condition, the optimal diagnosis strategy remains genetic testing. The presence of bi-allelic pathogenic mutations in LPL, APOC2, GPIHBP1, APOA5 or LMF1 genes confirms the diagnosis. However, some cases of FCS caused by autoantibodies against LPL or GPIHBP1 proteins have also been reported. Furthermore, a clinical score for the diagnosis of FCS has been proposed but needs further validation. Available treatment options to lower triglycerides such as fibrates or omega-3 fatty acids are not efficacious in FCS patients. Currently, the cornerstone of treatment remains a lifelong very low-fat diet, which prevents the formation of chylomicrons. Finally, inhibitors of apo C-III and ANGPTL3 are in development and may eventually constitute additional treatment options for FCS patients.
Role of Ferroptosis in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Its Implications for Therapeutic Strategies; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become the chronic liver disease with the highest incidence throughout the world, but its pathogenesis has not been fully elucidated. Ferroptosis is a novel form of programmed cell death caused by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation. Abnormal iron metabolism, lipid peroxidation, and accumulation of polyunsaturated fatty acid phospholipids (PUFA-PLs) can all trigger ferroptosis. Emerging evidence indicates that ferroptosis plays a critical role in the pathological progression of NAFLD. Because the liver is the main organ for iron storage and lipid metabolism, ferroptosis is an ideal target for liver diseases. Inhibiting ferroptosis may become a new therapeutic strategy for the treatment of NAFLD. In this article, we describe the role of ferroptosis in the progression of NAFLD and its related mechanisms. This review will highlight further directions for the treatment of NAFLD and the selection of corresponding drugs that target ferroptosis.
Fatty Acids of Marine Mollusks: Impact of Diet, Bacterial Symbiosis and Biosynthetic Potential; The n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) families are essential for important physiological processes. Their major source are marine ecosystems. The fatty acids (FAs) from phytoplankton, which are the primary producer of organic matter and PUFAs, are transferred into consumers via food webs. Mollusk FAs have attracted the attention of researchers that has been driven by their critical roles in aquatic ecology and their importance as sources of essential PUFAs. The main objective of this review is to focus on the most important factors and causes determining the biodiversity of the mollusk FAs, with an emphasis on the key relationship of these FAs with the food spectrum and trophic preference. The marker FAs of trophic sources are also of particular interest. The discovery of new symbioses involving invertebrates and bacteria, which are responsible for nutrition of the host, deserves special attention. The present paper also highlights recent research into the molecular and biochemical mechanisms of PUFA biosynthesis in marine mollusks. The biosynthetic capacities of marine mollusks require a well-grounded evaluation.
Vitamin E-deficient diets enriched with fish oil suppress lethal Plasmodium yoelii infections in athymic and scid/bg mice; Mice fed vitamin E-deficient diets containing omega-3 fatty acids survive infection with lethal Plasmodium yoelii. The current study sought to determine if antimalarial T- and B-cell responses were required for such dietary-mediated protection, In the first set of experiments, nu/nu mice (which lack alpha beta T-cell-receptor-positive T cells and do not produce antimalarial antibody) and nu/+ mice were fed casein-based diets containing 3% menhaden oil, with or without vitamin E supplementation, for 4 weeks prior to infection with lethal P. yoelii. All mice fed diets containing vitamin E developed fulminating parasitemias and quickly died, whereas both nu/nu and nu/+ mice fed diets deficient in vitamin E controlled their parasitemias for the first 18 days of infection, Thereafter, the nu/nu mice became anemic and died, whereas the nu/+ mice produced antimalarial antibodies and survived, In the second set of experiments, scid/scid.bg/bg mice (which lack B cells and alpha beta and gamma delta T cells and have reduced NK-cell activity) were fed the experimental diet for 6 weeks and then infected with the less virulent 17XNL strain of P. yoelii, Mice fed vitamin E-containing diets quickly died, whereas those fed the vitamin E-deficient diet survived without developing detectable parasitemias, Results from these experiments show that under prooxidant dietary conditions, mice were able to control and even survive malaria in the absence of malaria-primed T cells and antimalarial antibody, These results emphasize the importance of cellular oxidative processes in parasite elimination.
Acculturation and Plasma Fatty Acid Concentrations in Hispanic and Chinese-American Adults: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis; Background
Association of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and inflammatory indicators with renal function decline in type 2 diabetes; Background & aims: The n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the inflammatory indicator, interleukin-6 (IL-6), have been implied in the development of renal dysfunction. This longitudinal study examined the effect of n-3 PUFAs and IL-6 on the risk of renal function decline and explored whether n-3 PUFAs modify the effect of inflammatory indicators on renal dysfunction risk in type 2 diabetes.
Aspirin and age-related macular degeneration: positives versus negatives; The anti-inflammatory, analgesic, antipyretic and antithrombotic activities of aspirin confer its wide therapeutic application. The three former activities require higher doses of aspirin, whereas the latter can be achieved through a lower, thus safer dose of the drug. Low-dose, long-term aspirin is used as an antithrombotic therapy to prevent cardiovascular disease. Such therapy is used by millions of people worldwide, including those suffering from age-related macular degeneration (AMD); thus, questions have arisen as to whether such treatment has any impact on the development and course of AMD. This editorial addresses the important issue of possible beneficial and adverse effects of long-term, low-dose aspirin treatment of AMD patients. Special emphasis is given to the ability of aspirin to acetylate cyclooxygenases (especially COX-2) and thus to initiate a biochemical pathway leading to the generation of anti-inflammatory pro-resolving mediators synthesized from both omega-3 and omega-6 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Such mediators (e.g., resolvins, lipoxins) may be of therapeutic value in retarding the development of dry form AMD.
The interplay of miRNAs and ferroptosis in diseases related to iron overload; Ferroptosis has been conceptualized as a novel cell death modality distinct from apoptosis, necroptosis, pyroptosis and autophagic cell death. The sensitivity of cellular ferroptosis is regulated at multiple layers, including polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism, glutathione-GPX4 axis, iron homeostasis, mitochondria and other parallel pathways. In addition, microRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated in modulating ferroptosis susceptibility through targeting different players involved in the execution or avoidance of ferroptosis. A growing body of evidence pinpoints the deregulation of miRNA-regulated ferroptosis as a critical factor in the development and progression of various pathophysiological conditions related to iron overload. The revelation of mechanisms of miRNA-dependent ferroptosis provides novel insights into the etiology of diseases and offers opportunities for therapeutic intervention. In this review, we discuss the interplay of emerging miRNA regulators and ferroptosis players under different pathological conditions, such as cancers, ischemia/reperfusion, neurodegenerative diseases, acute kidney injury and cardiomyopathy. We emphasize on the relevance of miRNA-regulated ferroptosis to disease progression and the targetability for therapeutic interventions.
Marine Fatty Acid Intake Is Associated with Breast Cancer Prognosis; EPA and DHA, long-chain (n-3) PUFA largely obtained from fish, inhibit the proliferation of breast cancer cells in vitro and reduce the initiation and progression of breast tumors in laboratory animals. Our purpose in this analysis was to examine whether intake of these marine fatty acids (EPA and DHA) were associated with prognosis in a cohort of women who had been diagnosed and treated for early stage breast cancer (n = 3,081). Median follow-up was 7.3 y. Dietary intake was assessed using 24-h recalls (similar to 4 recalls per dietary assessment obtained at 7 time points over 6 y). Survival models with time-dependent covariates were used to examine the association of repeated measures of dietary intake of EPA and DHA from food (i.e., marine sources) and supplements with disease-free survival and overall survival. Women with higher intakes of EPA and DHA from food had an approximate 25% reduced risk of additional breast cancer events [tertile 2: HR = 0.74 (95% CI = 0.58-0.94); tertile 3: HR = 0.72 (95% CI = 0.57-0.90)] compared with the lowest tertile of intake. Women with higher intakes of EPA and DHA from food had a dose-dependent reduced risk of all-cause mortality [tertile 2: HR = 0.75(95% CI = 0.55-1.04); tertile 3: HR = 0.59 (95% CI = 0.43-0.82)]. EPA and DHA intake from fish oil supplements was not associated with breast cancer outcomes. The investigation indicates that marine fatty acids from food are associated with reduced risk of additional breast cancer events and all-cause mortality. J. Nutr. 141: 201-206, 2011.
Oxidised metabolites of the omega-6 fatty acid linoleic acid activate dFOXO; Obesity-induced inflammation, or meta-inflammation, plays key roles in metabolic syndrome and is a significant risk factor in diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To investigate causal links between obesity, meta-inflammation, and insulin signaling we established a Drosophila model to determine how elevated dietary fat and changes in the levels and balance of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) influence inflammation. We observe negligible effect of saturated fatty acid on inflammation but marked enhancement or suppression by omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs, respectively. Using combined lipidomic and genetic analysis, we show omega-6 PUFA enhances meta-inflammation by producing linoleic acid-derived lipid mediator 9-hydroxy-octadecadienoic acid (9-HODE). Transcriptome analysis reveals 9-HODE functions by regulating FOXO family transcription factors. We show 9-HODE activates JNK, triggering FOXO nuclear localisation and chromatin binding. FOXO TFs are important transducers of the insulin signaling pathway that are normally down-regulated by insulin. By activating FOXO, 9-HODE could antagonise insulin signaling providing a molecular conduit linking changes in dietary fatty acid balance, meta-inflammation, and insulin resistance.
Mercury interferes with endogenous antioxidant levels in Yukon River subsistence-fed sled dogs; Before adopting modern corn-and-grain-based western processed diets, circumpolar people had a high fat and protein subsistence diet and exhibited a low incidence of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Some health benefits are attributable to a subsistence diet that is rich in omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants. Pollution, both global and local, is a threat to wild foods, as it introduces contaminants into the food system. Northern indigenous people and their sled dogs are exposed to a variety of contaminants, including mercury, that accumulate in the fish and game that they consume. The sled dogs in Alaskan villages are maintained on the same subsistence foods as their human counterparts, primarily salmon, and therefore they can be used as a food systems model for researching the impact of changes in dietary components. In this study, the antioxidant status and mercury levels were measured for village sled dogs along the Yukon River. A reference kennel, maintained on a nutritionally balanced commercial diet, was also measured for comparison. Total antioxidant status was inversely correlated with the external stressor mercury.
PLATELET-MEMBRANE FATTY-ACIDS, PLATELET-AGGREGATION, AND THROMBOXANE FORMATION DURING A MACKEREL DIET; Eicosapentenoic acid (C20:5.omega.3), which is present in high concentration in certain salt-water fish, may reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease in Greenland Eskimos by reducing platelet aggregation and adhesion. Changes in platelet and plasma fatty acids, platelet aggregation and thromboxane (TX) formation were studied in 7 healthy white men who had been on a mackerel diet for 1 wk. Platelet aggregation and TX synthesis after low-dose collagen stimulation in platelet-rich plasma were reduced. This could be due to the marked change of the ratio of C20:5 to arachidonic acid (C20:4.omega.6) in platelet membranes. When the men were on the mackerel diet their C20:5 level in platelet membranes and in plasma increased and that of C20:4 dropped. Both fatty acids were released during platelet aggregation. The reduction in the amount of C20:4 liberated and/or a diminished conversion of C20:4 to TXA2 by competitive inhibition of the platelet cyclo-oxygenase by the released C20:5 may be responsible for the decreased platelet aggregation.
Dietary Fat and Cancer-Which Is Good, Which Is Bad, and the Body of Evidence; A high-fat diet (HFD) induces changes in gut microbiota leading to activation of pro-inflammatory pathways, and obesity, as a consequence of overnutrition, exacerbates inflammation, a known risk factor not only for cancer. However, experimental data showed that the composition of dietary fat has a greater impact on the pathogenesis of cancer than the total fat content in isocaloric diets. Similarly, human studies did not prove that a decrease in total fat intake is an effective strategy to combat cancer. Saturated fat has long been considered as harmful, but the current consensus is that moderate intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs), including palmitic acid (PA), does not pose a health risk within a balanced diet. In regard to monounsaturated fat, plant sources are recommended. The consumption of plant monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), particularly from olive oil, has been associated with lower cancer risk. Similarly, the replacement of animal MUFAs with plant MUFAs decreased cancer mortality. The impact of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on cancer risk depends on the ratio between omega-6 and omega-3 PUFAs. In vivo data showed stimulatory effects of omega-6 PUFAs on tumour growth while omega-3 PUFAs were protective, but the results of human studies were not as promising as indicated in preclinical reports. As for trans FAs (TFAs), experimental data mostly showed opposite effects of industrially produced and natural TFAs, with the latter being protective against cancer progression, but human data are mixed, and no clear conclusion can be made. Further studies are warranted to establish the role of FAs in the control of cell growth in order to find an effective strategy for cancer prevention/treatment.
Article The role of HIF-1α/HO-1 pathway in hippocampal neuronal ferroptosis in epilepsy; Epilepsy, a common central nervous system disorder, remains an enigma in pathogenesis. Emerging consensus designates hippocampal neuronal injury as a cornerstone for epileptogenic foci, pivotal in epileptic genesis and progression. Ferroptosis, a regulated cell death modality hinging on iron, catalyzes lipid reactive oxygen species formation through iron and membrane polyunsaturated fatty acid interplay, culminating in oxidative cell death. This research investigates the role of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1 alpha/ heme oxygenase (HO)-1 in hippocampal neuron ferroptosis during epilepsy. Untargeted metabolomics exposes metabolite discrepancies between epilepsy patients and healthy individuals, unveiling escalated oxidative stress, heightened bilirubin, and augmented iron metabolism in epileptic blood. Enrichment an-alyses unveil active HIF-1 pathway in epileptic pathogenesis, reinforced by HIF-1 alpha signaling perturbations in DisGeNET database. PTZ-kindled mice model confirms increased ferroptotic markers, oxidative stress, HIF-1 alpha, and HO-1 in epilepsy. Study implicates HIF-1 alpha/HO-1 potentially regulates hippocampal neuronal ferroptosis, iron metabolism, and oxidative stress, thereby promoting the propagation of epilepsy.
Recent advances in synthetic pharmacotherapies for dyslipidaemias; Despite the demonstrated benefits of statins and injectable biologics, there is a need for new and safe oral agents for addressing classical lipid targets, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). LDL-C is unquestionably causal in the development of atherogenesis and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, but new options are required to address triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and lipoprotein(a). For hypercholesterolaemia, pitavastatin provides a very low dose and potent statin that does not adversely affect glucose metabolism; bempedoic acid acts at a biochemical step preceding hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase and is not associated with muscular side effects. For hypertriglyceridaemia, pemafibrate displays a unique and selective agonist activity on peroxisomal proliferator activated receptor-alpha that does not elevate homocysteine or creatinine. Although omega-3 fatty acids supplementation is not effective in secondary prevention, high dose eicosapentaenoic ethyl ester can lead to a remarkable fall in first and recurrent events in high risk patients with hypertriglyceridaemia/low HDL-C. Gemcabene, a dicarboxylic acid regulating apolipoprotein B-100, is effective in reducing both cholesterol and triglycerides. Among cholesteryl ester transfer protein antagonists that elevate HDL-C, only anacetrapib reduces cardiovascular events. Probucol stimulates reverse cholesteryl ester transport, lowers LDL-C stabilizing plaques and may lower incidence of cardiovascular events. These agents, which act through novel mechanisms, afford good and potentially safe treatment choices that may increase adherence and the attainment of therapeutic targets.
Effect of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol metabolism; Elevated plasma triacylglycerol concentrations have been associated with increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). In the past, the epidemiologic evidence about the causal role of triacylglycerols in CHD has not been well regarded, but recent prospective evidence shows that nonfasting plasma triacylglycerol concentration is a strong and independent predictor of future myocardial infarction. Elevated plasma triacylglycerol concentrations are associated with other CHD risk factors, namely reduced HDL-cholesterol concentrations and a preponderance of highly atherogenic, small, dense LDL particles. plasma triacylglycerol concentrations increase after the ingestion of a fat-containing meal, and elevated postprandial triacylglycerolemia leads to a series of metabolic reactions that reduce HDL-cholesterol concentrations and promote the formation of small, dense LDL particles. The magnitude of the postprandial response is largely determined by fasting plasma triacylglycerol concentrations. Metabolism of plasma triacylglycerols also influences postprandial factor Vn activation and the postprandial lipemic responsiveness to dietary cholesterol. Therefore, dietary factors that improve fasting plasma triacylglycerol concentrations must have a role in a healthy diet. Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids are n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in fish oil that effectively reduce plasma triacylglycerol concentrations. Because n-3 PUFAs are effective at low doses (1 g n-3 PUFA/d), they provide a realistic option for the optimization of plasma triacylglycerol metabolism.
Pleiotropic beneficial cardiometabolic actions of a high-purity eicosapentaenoic acid product in high cardiovascular risk individuals; The ideal approach to the secondary dyslipidemia goal of lowering triglycerides (TG) is not well established. The available omega-3 fatty acid products differ from each other in composition and content. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effect of a highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) formulation on cardiometabolic biomarkers in high cardiovascular (CV) risk patients. The study included 226 subjects with high TG and >= 1 of the following CV risk factors: arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, ultrasound-documented atheromatosis, peripheral artery disease, previous myocardial infarction, or ischemic stroke. Participants received 2 g EPA twice daily for 3 months, along with typical nutritional counseling. Cardiometabolic hematological parameters (TG, low-density lipoprotein [LDL], high-density lipoprotein [HDL], non-HDL, total cholesterol [TChol], apolipoprotein A(1) [Apo A(1)], apolipoprotein B [Apo B], glucose, glycated hemoglobin [HbA(1)c], and C-reactive protein [CRP]) were measured at baseline and at 3 months. The mean patients' age was 61.1 +/- 1.4 years and the mean baseline TG was 2.97 +/- 0.15 mmol/L. Apart from Apo A(1), all other biomarkers significantly (p < 0.05) improved at 3 months, regardless of sex (except Apo B) and age: TG 1.75 +/- 0.09 versus 2.97 +/- 0.15 mmol/L, LDL 2.46 +/- 0.08 versus 3.05 +/- 0.13 mmol/L, HDL 1.22 +/- 0.03 versus 1.11 +/- 0.03 mmol/L, non-HDL 3.29 +/- 0.10 versus 4.14 +/- 0.16 mmol/L, TChol 4.55 +/- 0.10 versus 5.15 +/- 0.13 mmol/L, Apo A(1) 26.8 +/- 9.3 versus 22.5 +/- 8.6 mu mol/L, Apo B 1.25 +/- 0.23 versus 1.29 +/- 0.23 mu mol/L, glucose 5.66 +/- 0.11 versus 5.99 +/- 0.17 mmol/L, HbA(1)c 5.83 +/- 0.1 versus 5.97 +/- 0.1% and CRP 1.92 +/- 0.2 versus 5.26 +/- 2.8 mg/L. In conclusion, adding highly purified EPA product (4 g daily) on nutritional counseling leads to a significant TG reduction. In addition, this treatment appears to have pleiotropic beneficial cardiometabolic actions.
Effects of organic food consumption on human health; the jury is still out!; The most recent systematic literature reviews and meta-analyses have indicated significant and nutritionally-relevant composition differences between organic and conventional foods. This included higher antioxidant, but lower cadmium and pesticide levels in organic crops, and higher omega-3 fatty acids concentrations in organic meat and dairy products. Also, results from a small number of human cohort studies indicate that there are positive associations between organic food consumption and reduced risk/incidence of certain acute diseases (e.g. pre-eclampsia, hypospadias) and obesity. Concerns about potential negative health impacts of organic food consumption (e. g. risks linked to lower iodine levels in organic milk) have also been raised, but are not currently supported by evidence from human cohort studies. However, there is virtually no published data from (1) long-term cohort studies focusing on chronic diseases (e. g. cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, and neurodegenerative conditions) and (2) controlled human dietary intervention studies comparing effects of organic and conventional diets. It is therefore currently not possible to quantify to what extent organic food consumption may affect human health.
Effects of Maternal Nutritional Supplements and Dietary Interventions on Placental Complications: An Umbrella Review, Meta-Analysis and Evidence Map; The placenta is a vital, multi-functional organ that acts as an interface between maternal and fetal circulation during pregnancy. Nutritional deficiencies during pregnancy alter placental development and function, leading to adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, infants with small for gestational age and low birthweight, preterm birth, stillbirths and maternal mortality. Maternal nutritional supplementation may help to mitigate the risks, but the evidence base is difficult to navigate. The primary purpose of this umbrella review is to map the evidence on the effects of maternal nutritional supplements and dietary interventions on pregnancy outcomes related to placental disorders and maternal mortality. A systematic search was performed on seven electronic databases, the PROSPERO register and references lists of identified papers. The results were screened in a three-stage process based on title, abstract and full-text by two independent reviewers. Randomized controlled trial meta-analyses on the efficacy of maternal nutritional supplements or dietary interventions were included. There were 91 meta-analyses included, covering 23 types of supplements and three types of dietary interventions. We found evidence that supports supplementary vitamin D and/or calcium, omega-3, multiple micronutrients, lipid-based nutrients, and balanced protein energy in reducing the risks of adverse maternal and fetal health outcomes. However, these findings are limited by poor quality of evidence. Nutrient combinations show promise and support a paradigm shift to maternal dietary balance, rather than single micronutrient deficiencies, to improve maternal and fetal health. The review is registered at PROSPERO (CRD42020160887).
Safety considerations of polyunsaturated fatty acids; The n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential nutrients; intake of relatively small amounts of these fatty acids prevents nutritional deficiencies. Replacing dietary saturated fat with PUFAs may confer health gains. Experimental data support the notion that high intake of n-6 PUFAs may increase in vivo lipid peroxidation. This effect may be counteracted by dietary antioxidant supplementation. The influence of a high n-3 PUFA intake on measures of lipid peroxidation has been equivocal. In clinical trials, subjects who consumed diets rich in n-6 or n-3 PUFAs had fewer atherothrombotic endpoints than did control groups. In this report, data regarding the-influence of PUFAs on lipid peroxidation as well as on cholesterol and glucose metabolism, hemostasis, and other aspects of interest are reviewed and discussed. Currently, daily intake of PUFAs as >10% of total energy is not recommended. Below this ceiling there is little evidence that high dietary intake of n-6 or n-3 PUFAs implies health risks.
Association of serum phospholipid PUFAs with cardiometabolic risk: Beneficial effect of DHA on the suppression of vascular proliferation/inflammation; Objectives: Blood or dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), particularly omega 3-PUFAs were known for cardiovascular protective effect. However, the results are still controversial. We aimed to investigate the association of serum phospholipid PUFAs with cardiometabolic risk through cross-sectional/experimental studies.
Heterotrophic nitrification and aerobic denitrification by a novel<i> Acinetobacter</i> sp. TAC-1 at low temperature and high ammonia nitrogen; A novel strain was isolated from swine wastewater and identified as Acinetobacter sp. TAC-1 based on its phylogenetic and phenotypic characteristics. The strain TAC-1 was found to have a high ability to metabolize ammonium-N under low temperature condition. The strain TAC-1 could remove approximately 94.6% of ammonium-N (400 mg/L), 93.3% of nitrate-N (400 mg/L) and 42.4% of nitrite-N (400 mg/L) at 5 degrees C. The functional genes nitrate reductase gene (narG) and nitrite reductase gene (nirK, nirS) were successfully amplified by qPCR, further evidencing the heterotrophic nitrification and aerobic denitrification capability of Acinetobacter sp. TAC-1. The transcriptome data confirmed that the membrane transport protein and unsaturated fatty acid dehydrogenase-related genes of the strain TAC-1 were significantly up-regulated at 5 degrees C, enabling it to survive low temperatures. The high nitrogen removal ability at 5 degrees C makes this strain have a good application prospect.
Association Between Enteral Supplementation With High-Dose Docosahexaenoic Acid and Risk of Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia in Preterm Infants: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis examines the association of daily omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid with bronchopulmonary dysplasia in randomized clinical trials involving preterm infants born at less than 29 weeks' gestation.
Vitamins and Dietary Supplements for the Older Adult: What Works and Why?; Background: The consumption of dietary supplements ( DSs), including vitamins and minerals, is significant in older adults; this may be the result of current regulations and ease of introducing supplements into an ever-growing market.
Associations of serum n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids with prevalence and incidence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a major cause of liver diseases worldwide, and lifestyle and diet are significant factors in its development. Recent studies have suggested that dietary fat quality is associated with the development of NAFLD. Objectives Our purpose was to investigate the cross-sectional and longitudinal associations of serum n-3 (omega-3) and n-6 (omega-6) PUFAs with NAFLD among middle-aged and older men and women from eastern Finland. We also investigated the associations of estimated Delta 5-desaturase and Delta 6-desaturase activities, enzymes involved in PUFA metabolism, with NAFLD. Methods After exclusions, the cross-sectional analyses included 1533 men examined in 1984-1989 and 674 men and 870 women examined in 1998-2001 in the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study. The longitudinal analyses included 520 men examined in 1991-1993 and 301 men and 466 women examined in 2005-2008. Fatty liver index (FLI) was used as a surrogate for NAFLD. Hepatic steatosis was defined as FLI >60. ANCOVA and logistic regression were used for analyses. Results In the longitudinal analyses, participants with higher serum concentrations of total n-6 PUFA and linoleic acid, the major n-6 PUFA, had markedly lower FLI and lower odds for hepatic steatosis (e.g., odds ratios for incident hepatic steatosis in the highest compared with lowest quartiles were <= 0.41), whereas serum gamma-linolenic acid concentration was associated with a higher FLI and higher odds for hepatic steatosis. The associations with the other PUFAs were generally weaker and nonsignificant. In the cross-sectional analyses, also the long-chain n-3 PUFAs had inverse associations. In most analyses, high estimated Delta 5-desaturase activity was associated with lower risk and high estimated Delta 6-desaturase activity with higher risk for NAFLD. Conclusions In middle-aged and older Finnish adults, higher serum concentrations of total n-6 PUFAs and linoleic acid were associated with lower odds for future NAFLD.
Effects of lifestyle modification on the progression of coronary atherosclerosis, autonomic function, and angina - The role of GNB3 C825T polymorphism; Background: Given the multimodal medical and interventional treatment options in coronary artery disease, the additional value of intensified lifestyle modification is unclear. We have therefore examined the effects of lifestyle modification on top of current treatment and also associated with the GNB3 C825T polymorphism, which has established association to sympathetic activation and the precipitation of angina.
Low temperature storage alleviates internal browning of 'Comte de Paris' winter pineapple fruit by reducing phospholipid degradation, phosphatidic acid accumulation and membrane lipid peroxidation processes; To uncover the mechanism underlying membrane lipid metabolism of low temperature induced internal browning tolerance in pineapple, membrane phospholipid alterations of harvested 'Comte de Paris' winter pineapple fruit stored at either 10 degrees C or 25 degrees C was investigated. Fruit stored at 10 degrees C developed low levels of internal browning as compared to fruit stored at 25 degrees C and was associated with high contents of phosphati-dylcholine, phosphatidylglycerol, phosphatidylinositol, phosphatidylserine, and phosphatidylethanolamine, and low levels of phosphatidic acid. Storage at 10 degrees C down-regulated the expression levels of phospholipase As. Fruit stored at 10 degrees C also exhibited high ratio of unsaturated fatty acid to saturated fatty acid and index of unsaturated fatty acid level. These findings suggest that maintenance phospholipid abundance, reduction in phosphatidic acid accumulation and membrane lipid peroxidation may have contributed to the enhanced internal browning tolerance in 'Comte de Paris' winter pineapple fruit at low temperature storage.
Association Between Serum Levels of n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Coronary Plaque Detected by Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography in Patients Receiving Statin Therapy; Background: Intensive lipid-lowering therapy with statins reduces cardiovascular events, but residual cardiovascular risks remain. Intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been associated with cardiovascular events. We examined the relationships between serum n-3 PUFAs and coronary atherosclerotic findings on computed tomography angiography (CTA) in patients undergoing statin treatment.
Controversies about the cardiovascular effects of OM3FA. Did inappropriate placebos skew clinical trial results?; Several observational studies suggest that greasy fish may reduce cardiovascular risk, whose benefits have been attributed to the presence Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (OM3FA). However, there are some randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that have shown contradictory results concerning the cardiovascular benefits of OM3FA. Analyzing these RCTs we found that the use of olive oil in some RCTs could be responsible for contradictory results, since both.
Novel trends and opportunities for microencapsulation of flaxseed oil in foods: A review; The prevention and reduction of several serious diseases (Cancer, diabetes, atherosclerosis, hypertension, eczema, gastrointestinal disorders, and cardiovascular diseases) has been associated with flaxseed oil. Flaxseed oil has considerable benefits mainly related to omega-3 fatty acids, which are increasingly used in the food industry. However, many factors such as pH, temperature, oxygen, and light limit these different components (omega-3 fatty acids) to formulate many foods. In this sense, the production of functional foods requires maintaining the stability, bioactivity, and bioavailability of active compounds. Microencapsulation techniques have been developed and applied to design flaxseed oil-enriched food products to overcome these obstacles. With this in mind, this review discusses recent advances in encapsulation techniques with the incorporation of omega3 fatty acids from flaxseed oil into food matrices. Encapsulation methods and coating materials will be presented following the literature on flaxseed and flaxseed oil composition and their health attributes. The application of flaxseed oil encapsulates in food matrices and their effect on food function will also be discussed.
The influence of selected nutritional components in lung cancer risk - unsaturated fatty acids, isothiocyanates, selenium; In 2006 morbidity from cancer in Poland was almost 126,000 new cases and there were about 91,500 deaths. Among women older than 65 years the most frequent cancer death was lung cancer. Among men death from lung cancer decreased, in connection with smoking cessation. Smoking cessation is the most important point of first prevention in lung cancer disease. Nutritional habits are also key points of prevention. It was claimed that omega-3 fatty acids have a positive role in prevention of this type of cancer. There have been a lot of studies on isothiocyanates, and the protective role of this group of compounds was proved. In epidemiological and experimental studies it was confirmed that selenium had anticancer activity. Nutritional components supply which is compatible with demand can lead to decreased risk of lung cancer development, but only if it is connected with a healthy lifestyle.
Modification of Erythrocyte Membrane Fatty Acid Contents After Kidney Transplantation: A Prospective Study; Background. Modifications of erythrocyte membrane fatty acid (FA) contents may affect cellular function or transmembrane receptors. One cross-sectional study has shown that kidney transplant (KTP) recipients have lower erythrocyte membrane oleic acid content than dialysis patients do. Therefore, we prospectively tested whether erythrocyte membrane contents of FA including oleic acid change after KTP.
Resolvin D1 Halts Remote Neuroinflammation and Improves Functional Recovery after Focal Brain Damage Via ALX/FPR2 Receptor-Regulated MicroRNAs; Remote damage is a secondary phenomenon that usually occurs after a primary brain damage in regions that are distant, yet functionally connected, and that is critical for determining the outcomes of several CNS pathologies, including traumatic brain and spinal cord injuries. The understanding of remote damage-associated mechanisms has been mostly achieved in several models of focal brain injury such as the hemicerebellectomy (HCb) experimental paradigm, which helped to identify the involvement of many key players, such as inflammation, oxidative stress, apoptosis and autophagy. Currently, few interventions have been shown to successfully limit the progression of secondary damage events and there is still an unmet need for new therapeutic options. Given the emergence of the novel concept of resolution of inflammation, mediated by the newly identified omega 3-derived specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators, such as resolvins, we reported a reduced ability of HCb-injured animals to produce resolvin D1 (RvD1) and an increased expression of its target receptor ALX/FPR2 in remote brain regions. The in vivo administration of RvD1 promoted functional recovery and neuroprotection by reducing the activation of Iba-1+ microglia and GFAP+ astrocytes as well as by impairing inflammatory-induced neuronal cell death in remote regions. These effects were counteracted by intracerebroventricular neutralization of ALX/FPR2, whose activation by RvD1 also down-regulated miR-146b- and miR-219a-1-dependent inflammatory markers. In conclusion, we propose that innovative therapies based on RvD1-ALX/FPR2 axis could be exploited to curtail remote damage and enable neuroprotective effects after acute focal brain damage.
The heart and nutrition: Which fatty acids for which cardiac function ?; Cardiovascular risk factors are often related to diet and the dietary fatty acids play a leading role quantitatively and qualitatively. In addition to the demonstration of the beneficial properties of n-3 PUFA on the development of atherosclerosis, there is a growing body of experimental evidence on the implication of n-3 PUFA in the regulation of cardiac function because of cardiac enrichment with n-3 PUFA to the detriment of arachidonic acid.
The postprandial effect of components of the Mediterranean diet on endothelial function; OBJECTIVES This study investigated the postprandial effect of components of the Mediterranean diet on endothelial function, which may be an atherogenic factor.
FISH DIET AND PHYSICAL-FITNESS IN RELATION TO MEMBRANE AND SERUM-LIPIDS, PROSTANOID METABOLISM AND PLATELET-AGGREGATION IN FEMALE STUDENTS; The effects of a 14-week fish diet and exercise programme on lipid metabolism and platelet aggregation in healthy female students (n = 99) were studied. The subjects were divided into four groups: a control group, a fish diet group (3.5 meals containing fish per week, 0.9 g n-3 fatty acids per day), an exercise group (at least three training sessions per week) and -a combined fish diet and exercise group. The proportion of n-3 fatty acids increased at the expense of n-6 fatty acids in platelets and erythrocyte ghosts in the fish diet groups. Serum triglyceride concentrations tended to decrease in the fish diet and exercise groups and a significant decrease was found in the combined fish diet and exercise group (13%, P < 0.05). No significant changes took place in the other serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations. Platelet production of thromboxane B2, plasma 6-keto-PGF1-alpha concentrations and adenosine 5'-diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation also remained unchanged in all groups during the study. However, an inverse correlation was found between physical fitness (maximal oxygen uptake and maximal exercise intensity) and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and platelet aggregation. This suggests that improved physical fitness is related to beneficial changes in serum lipid concentrations and to a decreased aggregation tendency of platelets. The responses of the female subjects to a fish diet were smaller when compared to earlier studies on male subjects. This suggests that there are sex differences in the efficiency of n-3 fatty acids in modifying lipid metabolism.
INFLUENCE OF CARDIOPROTECTIVE CYCLOOXYGENASE AND LIPOXYGENASE INHIBITORS ON PEROXIDATIVE INJURY TO MYOCARDIAL-MEMBRANE PHOSPHOLIPID; Oxygenase-catalyzed and non-enzymatic polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidations have potential pathogenic roles in ischemic-reperfusion damage to the myocardium. Certain oxygenase inhibitors protect heart muscle from irreversible ischemic injury, and some antiperoxidants can inhibit oxygenase enzymes. We investigated the antiperoxidative abilities of eight anti-ischemic, cardioprotective oxygenase inhibitors to prevent myocardial-membrane phospholipid peroxidation through superoxide-driven, iron-promoted reactions with xanthine oxidase as the source of superoxide. Flurbiprofen, ibuprofen, and REV-5901-5 did not affect peroxidation at concentrations up to 1000 .mu.M. BW755C, AA-861, nafazatrom, dipyridamole, and propyl gallate did not protect and cardiac lipids against oxidative injury in a concentration-dependent manner with respective and antiperoxidant IC50 values (concentrations at which peroxidation was inhibited by 50%) of 0.22, 1.25, 3.0, 3.6 and 50 .mu.M. Catechin and phenidone, known oxygenase inibitors not yet evaluated as anti-ischemic agents, were also found to be antiperoxidants at low micromolar concentrations. Four cyclooxygenase inhibitors ineffective against myocardial infarction (aspirin, indomethacin, naproxen, and sulfinpyrazone) evidenced no antiperoxidant properties at concentrations up to 500 .mu.M. The oxygenase inhibitor-antiperoxidants identified could neither quench superoxide radical nor inhibit xanthine oxidase. However, they were able to  interrupt the propagation of an on-going peroxidation reaction. Their antiperoxidant profiles resembled those of known antioxidants, such as .alpha.-tocopherol, which inhibit peroxidation by intercepting lipid-free radical intermediates. These data raise the possibility that at least some oxygenase inhibitors could exert cardioprotective effects by directly influencing the sensitivity of myocardial-membrane phospholipid to peroxidative injury. Consequently, recognition of the antiperoxidant  properties of these agents may aid dissection of their physiological and pharmacological actions.
Elevated immune-inflammatory signaling in mood disorders: a new therapeutic target?; Converging translational evidence has implicated elevated immune-inflammatory signaling activity in the pathoetiology of mood disorders, including major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. This is supported in part by cross-sectional evidence for increased levels of proinflammatory eicosanoids, cytokines and acute-phase proteins during mood episodes, and prospective longitudinal evidence for the emergence of mood symptoms in response to chronic immune-inflammatory activation. In addition, mood-stabilizer and atypical antipsychotic medications downregulate initial components of the immune-inflammatory signaling pathway, and adjunctive treatment with anti-inflammatory agents augment the therapeutic efficacy of antidepressant, mood stabilizer and atypical antipsychotic medications. Potential pathogenic mechanisms linked with elevated immune-inflammatory signaling include perturbations in central serotonin neurotransmission and progressive white matter pathology. Both heritable genetic factors and environmental factors including dietary fatty-acid composition may act in concert to sustain elevated immune-inflammatory signaling. Collectively, these data suggest that elevated immune-inflammatory signaling is a mechanism that is relevant to the pathoetiology of mood disorders, and may therefore represent a new therapeutic target for the development of more effective treatments.
DHA- and EPA-derived resolvins, protectins, and maresins in airway inflammation; Essential fatty acids can serve as important regulators of inflammation. A new window into mechanisms for the resolution of inflammation was opened with the identification and structural elucidation of mediators derived from these fatty acids with pro-resolving capacity. Inflammation is necessary to ensure the continued health of the organism after an insult or injury; however, unrestrained inflammation can lead to injury "from within" and chronic changes that may prove both morbid and fatal. The resolution phase of inflammation, once thought to be a passive event, is now known to be a highly regulated, active, and complex program that terminates the inflammatory response once the threat has been contained. Specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs) are biosynthesized from omega-3 essential fatty acids to resolvins, protectins, and maresins and from omega-6 fatty acids to lipoxins. Through cell specific actions mediated through select receptors, these SPMs are potent regulators of neutrophil infiltration, cytokine and chemokine production, and clearance of apoptotic neutrophils by macrophages, promoting a return to tissue homeostasis. This process appears to be defective in several common human lung diseases, such as asthma and COPD, which are characterized by chronic unrestrained inflammation and significant associated morbidity. Here, we highlight translational research in animal models of disease and with human subjects that sheds light on this rapidly evolving area of science and review the molecular and cellular components of the resolution of lung inflammation. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
An update on statin alternatives and adjuncts; LDL cholesterol is the primary target of therapy to lower cardiovascular risk. Statins are medications of first choice to lower LDL cholesterol, but cannot be tolerated in up to 10% of individuals. Intermittent dosing strategies for statins can help reduce muscle symptoms in some patients. A Mediterranean-type diet supplemented with plant stanols and sterols, fiber and fish oils can help achieve cholesterol goals and reduce cardiovascular events. Caution may be needed when using supplements, such as red yeast rice, because of the concern regarding contaminants. Other lipid-lowering medications, such as intestinal agents, niacin and fibrates, can be used as alternative strategies in patients who cannot tolerate statins or in combination with low-dose statins to achieve lipid goals and reduce cardiovascular risk.
Treatment of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease with Long-Chain n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Humans; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and liver failure. Treatment with n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 LCPUFAs) produced variable success in improving NAFLD. The purpose of this review is to determine if n-3 LCPUFA will decrease markers of NAFLD, compare the efficacies of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and identify factors that contribute to discrepancies in results.
TRENDS IN INDIVIDUAL CONSUMPTION OF DIETARY-FAT IN THE UNITED-STATES, 1920-1984; Coronary heart disease mortality has declined in the United States since 1968. Because diet has been implicated, a search was conducted of published individual assessments of food intake since 1920. One hundred seventy-one studies, ranging from 8 to 20,000 subjects and covering all ages, all ethnic groups, and both sexes, were analyzed by regression, with values weighted by number of subjects in each study. Results show fat intakes rising from .apprx. 34% energy in the 1930s to 40-42% in the late 1950s to mid 1960s then falling steadily to .apprx. 36% energy in 1984. This trend was seen for all age and sex groups. Saturated and monounsaturated fatty acid intakes fell from 18-20% energy in the early 1950s to 12-13% energy in 1984 whereas polyunsaturated fatty acid intakes rose from 2-4% energy to 7.5%. These results differ markedly from food supply trends and indicate a fall in US fat intake, which preceded the decline in heart disease mortality.
The antiarrhythmic effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Modulation of cardiac ion channels as a potential mechanism; Sudden cardiac death remains one of the most serious medical challenges in Western countries. Increasing evidence in recent years has demonstrated that the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) can prevent fatal ventricular arrhythmias in experimental animals and probably in humans. Dietary supplement of fish oils or intravenous infusion of the n-3 PUFAs prevents ventricular fibrillation caused by ischemia/reperfusion. Similar antiarrhythmic effects of these fatty acids are also observed in cultured mammalian cardiomyocytes. Based on clinical observations and experimental studies in vitro and in vivo, several mechanisms have been postulated for the antiarrhythmic effect of the n-3 PUFAs. The data from our laboratory and others have shown that the n-3 PUFAs are able to affect the activities of cardiac ion channels. The modulation of channel activities, especially voltage-gated Na+ and L-type Ca2+ channels, by the n-3 fatty acids may explain, at least partially, the antiarrhythmic action. It is not clear, however, whether one or more than one mechanism involves the beneficial effect of the n-3 PUFAs on the heart. This article summarizes our recent studies on the specific effects of the n-3 PUFAs on cardiac ion channels. In addition, the effect of the n-3 PUFAs on the human hyperpolarization-activated cyclic-nucleotide-modulated channel is presented.
<i>N</i>-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids attenuates triglyceride and inflammatory factors level in h<i>fat-1</i> transgenic pigs; Background: The consumption of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is important to human health, especially in cases of cardiovascular disease. Although beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs have been observed in a number of studies, the mechanisms involved in these effects have yet to be discovered.
Could peony seeds oil become a high-quality edible vegetable oil? The nutritional and phytochemistry profiles, extraction, health benefits, safety and value-added-products; Edible oil provides essential nutrients for human body and plays a very important role in human health. Looking for edible oil resource plants with high content and high-quality oil plays an important role in ensuring the adequate supply of edible oil. Peony seeds oil (PSO) was approved as a new resource food and became an edible vegetable oil for its rich content of fatty acids, total unsaturated fatty acids, linoleic acid and linolenic acid. In addition, PSO also contains high contents of squalene, tocopherol, phytosterol and plant polyphenol. PSO has been reported to present various health benefits including antioxidation, blood lipid reduction, hepatoprotection, immunity regulation, blood sugar control, neuroprotection, anti-inflammatory, cytotoxic activity, therapeutic effects on scald, uvioresistant effects and so on. Toxicity studies showed PSO had great safety without any toxic and side effects, and could be processed to produce PSO microcapsule, microemulsion, nanoemulsion gel, biscuit, daily chemical products, soft capsule and other high value-added-products. Therefore, the present article aims to summarize the research findings regarding to the nutritional and phytochemistry profiles, the extraction methods, health benefits, safety and the high value-added-products of PSO. These informations laid a good foundation for the in-depth research and development of PSO, and also proved that PSO was a high-quality edible vegetable oil with health value. With the deepening of research, the studies on PSO will be more and more comprehensive. It believes that PSO will become an important functional edible oil, and will be more widely used as an important functional food and linolenic acid supplement.
Biometry, Growth, and Recruitment Pattern of a Commercially Important Nereid polychaete, <i>Namalycastis fauveli</i>, from the East Coast of Bangladesh; Certain benthic polychaetes, such as species within the genus Namalycastis, are employed in the diet of gravid shrimps in aquaculture due to their amino acids and highly unsaturated fatty acid content, enhancing the quality of gravid shrimp. Despite its importance in the rapidly developing shrimp culture industry, the population parameters of this economically valuable species are unknown. Therefore, the present study examines the population parameters of Namalycastis fauveli to assess its occurrence, growth, recruitment, exploitation level, and stock status in Bangladesh. Monthly samplings of N. fauveli and environmental variables were collected from five sites of the Cox's Bazar coast using a square-shaped mud corer with a 0.093 m(2) (or 1.0 ft(2)) mouth opening from August 2020 to July 2021 to measure or estimate. Within the 8.0-30.0 cm depth range of the intertidal zone, polychaete samples were collected from the sediment. The results showed negative allometric growth (b < 3), but there was a significant L-W relationship (p < 0.05, r(2) = 0.43 to 0.94). The estimated L-proportional to, K, and phi were 22.05 cm, 0.99 year(-1), and 2.69, respectively, while total mortality (Z) was 4.56 year(-1). It was calculated that the fishing mortality and capture probability proportionally increased with the total length at a certain age. Recruitment mostly occurred in October and March, and temperature had a greater impact than salinity. The evaluated exploitation level (E = 0.57) indicated that the stock was overexploited. Thus, the above results provide some valuable information for shrimp farmers and stakeholders, as well as for policymakers in the move towards restoration, species conservation, and efficient management of N. fauveli natural stocks.
Dietary supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid, but not eicosapentaenoic acid, dramatically alters cardiac mitochondrial phospholipid fatty acid composition and prevents permeability transition; Treatment with the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) exerts cardioprotective effects, and suppresses Ca2+-induced opening of the mitochondrial permeability transition pore (MFTP). These effects are associated with increased DHA and EPA, and lower arachidonic acid (ARA) in cardiac phospholipids. While clinical studies suggest the triglyceride lowering effects of DHA and EPA are equivalent, little is known about the independent effects of DHA and EPA on mitochondria function. We compared the effects of dietary supplementation with the omega-3 PUFAs DHA and EPA on cardiac mitochondrial phospholipid fatty acid composition and Ca2+-induced MPTP opening. Rats were fed a standard lab diet with either normal low levels of omega-3 PUFA, or DHA or EPA at 2.5% of energy intake for 8 weeks, and cardiac mitochondria were isolated and analyzed for Ca2+-induced MPTP opening and phospholipid fatty acyl composition. DHA supplementation increased both DNA and EPA and decreased ARA in mitochondrial phospholipid, and significantly delayed MPTP opening as assessed by increased Ca2+ retention capacity and decreased Ca2+-induced mitochondria swelling. EPA supplementation increased EPA in mitochondrial phospholipids, but did not affect DHA, only modestly lowered ARA, and did not affect MPTP opening. In summary, dietary supplementation with DHA but not EPA, profoundly altered mitochondrial phospholipid fatty acid composition and delayed Ca2+-induced MPTP opening. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Improvement in <i>In Vitro</i> Fertilization Rate, Decrease in Reactive Oxygen Species and Spermatozoa Death Incidence in Rams by Dietary Fish Oil; Our aim was to evaluate the effects of fish oil feeding on sperm classical parameters, level of reactive oxygen spices (ROS), spermatozoa death incidence and in vitro fertilization (IVF) rate in rams. We randomly assigned nine rams, into two experimental groups (isoenergetic and isonitrogenous rations with constant level of vitamin E supplement): control (CTR; n = 5) and fish oil (FO; n = 4, 35 g/day/ram). Diets were fed for 70 days during the physiological breeding season. After a 21-day dietary adaptation period, semen was collected weekly from each ram by an artificial vagina. Sperm classical parameters were determined by the computer-assisted sperm analyzer system (CASA), and it was prepared for IVF process by swim-up technique. These evaluations were performed during the first and last weeks of sampling. Intracellular ROS level and spermatozoa death incidence were detected by flow cytometry on a weekly basis after adaptation. Data were analysed with SPSS 15. The volume, concentration (3.6 and 2.7 x 10(9)/ml) and sperm progressive motility (60 and 48%) were significantly improved in the FO group compared with the CTR (p < 0.05). A comparison of two-cell stage embryos following IVF in the two groups showed a significantly higher fertilization rate in the FO group (56%) compared with the CTR (49%). Superoxide anion (O-2(-)) rate was significantly lower (p < 0.05) at the third week of sampling in the FO. Although the H2O2 rate was numerically lower in the FO group compared with the CTR, this difference was not significant. In addition, apoptosis showed a significant difference in the third week of sampling (15 and 30% for FO and CTR, respectively; p < 0.05). Overall, adding fish oil to the ram diet not only improved sperm quality and IVF results, it also could reduce oxygen-free radicals and the incidence of spermatozoa death.
Nitro-fatty acids in plant signaling: New key mediators of nitric oxide metabolism; Recent studies in animal systems have shown that NO can interact with fatty acids to generate nitro-fatty acids (NO2-FAs). They are the product of the reaction between reactive nitrogen species and unsaturated fatty acids, and are considered novel mediators of cell signaling based mainly on a proven anti-inflammatory response. Although these signaling mediators have been described widely in animal systems, NO2-FAs have scarcely been studied in plants. Preliminary data have revealed the endogenous presence of free and protein-adducted NO2-FAs in extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), which appear to be contributing to the cardiovascular benefits associated with the Mediterranean diet. Importantly, new findings have displayed the endogenous occurrence of nitro-linolenic acid (NO2-Ln) in the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana and the modulation of NO2-Ln levels throughout this plant's development. Furthermore, a transcriptomic analysis by RNA-seq technology established a clear signaling role for this molecule, demonstrating that NO2-Ln was involved in plant-defense response against different abiotic-stress conditions, mainly by inducing the chaperone network and supporting a conserved mechanism of action in both animal and plant defense processes. Thus, NO2-Ln levels significantly rose under several abiotic-stress conditions, highlighting the strong signaling role of these molecules in the plant-protection mechanism. Finally, the potential of NO2-Ln as a NO donor has recently been described both in vitro and in vivo. Jointly, this ability gives NO2-Ln the potential to act as a signaling molecule by the direct release of NO, due to its capacity to induce different changes mediated by NO or NO-related molecules such as nitration and S-nitrosylation, or by the electrophilic capacity of these molecules through a nitroalkylation mechanism. Here, we describe the current state of the art regarding the advances performed in the field of NO2-As in plants and their implication in plant physiology.
RETRACTED: Docosahexaenoic acid attenuates hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction by activating the large conductance Ca<SUP>2+</SUP>-activated K<SUP>+</SUP> currents in pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells (Retracted Article); Background: The inhibition of potassium (K) channels plays an important role in pulmonary circulation for its close relationship with hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction (HPV). Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, is well known for its prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases. However the role which DHA plays in HPV remains unclear. Here, we tested the hypothesis that DHA contributes to pulmonary vascular tone by activating the large conductance Ca2+-activated K+ (BKCa) channels via calcium sparks.
Obesity and colorectal liver metastases: Mechanisms and management; Introduction: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third commonest malignancy after lung and breast cancer. The most common cause of mortality from CRC is from distant metastases. Obesity is a known risk factor for primary CRC development. However, its role in metastatic disease progression is not fully understood. The article aims to provide an overview of the role of obesity in colorectal liver metastases (CRLM). Furthermore, possible strategies to minimise this effect are discussed.
Immunonutrition vs Standard Nutrition for Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis (Part 1); The aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of immunonutrition vs standard nutrition in cancer patients treated with surgery. Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, EMBASE, MEDLINE, EBSCOhost, and Web of Science were searched. Sixty-one randomized controlled trials were included. Immunonutrition was associated with a significantly reduced risk of postoperative infectious complications (risk ratio [RR] 0.71 [95% CI, 0.64-0.79]), including a reduced risk of wound infection (RR 0.72 [95% CI, 0.60-0.87]), respiratory tract infection (RR 0.70 [95% CI, 0.59-0.84]), and urinary tract infection (RR 0.69 [95% CI, 0.51-0.94]) as well as a decreased risk of anastomotic leakage (RR 0.70 [95% CI, 0.53-0.91]) and a reduced hospital stay (MD -2.12 days [95% CI -2.72 to -1.52]). No differences were found between the 2 groups with regard to sepsis or all-cause mortality. Subgroup analyses revealed that receiving arginine + nucleotides + omega-3 fatty acids and receiving enteral immunonutrition reduced the rates of wound infection and respiratory tract infection. The application of immunonutrition at 25-30 kcal/kg/d for 5-7 days reduced the rate of respiratory tract infection. Perioperative immunonutrition reduced the rate of wound infection. For malnourished patients, immunonutrition shortened the hospitalization time. Therefore, immunonutrition reduces postoperative infection complications and shortens hospital stays but does not reduce all-cause mortality. Patients who are malnourished before surgery who receive arginine + nucleotides + omega-3 fatty acids (25-30 kcal/kg/d) via the gastrointestinal tract during the perioperative period (5-7 days) may show better clinical efficacy.
Fish consumption, phospholipid fatty acids, and plasma lipids in healthy Italian subjects; Background and Aim: To examine the relations between fish consumption, plasma phospholipid fatty acids, and plasma lipids in a group of male healthy subjects living in Chioggia (Italy), a town situated on the coast of the Adriatic sea.
Substitution of commercial cation with cation containing bean sprout waste on production and physical quality of egg; This research was aimed to evaluate substitution of commercial rations with rations contains bean sprout waste on production and physical omega 3 egg quality. Bean sprouts are a waste of green beans the remainder of beans sprout production consisting of green bean skin and shredded bean sprout. The use of bean sprout in layer diet is very limited because the bean sprouts are low palatability and high crude fiber. This experiment used eighty female birds strain of Lohman Brown were in a Completely Randomized Design allocated to five dietary treatments in four replicates. The treatment diets were R0: 100 % commercial feed, R1: 75 commercial feed + 25 % experiment feed, R2 : 50 % commercial feed + 50 % experiment feed, R3: 25 % commercial feed + 75 % experiment feed, R4: 100 % Experiment feed, respectively variable observed were egg production, feed consumption, feed conversion, Hen Day, IOFC, layer mortality, egg weight, egg mass, weight percentage of albumen, yolk, and shell, shell thickness, yolk color, egg, albumen and yolk index, and Haugh unit. The results showed there is no effect on all cumulative production (except on hen day and ration conversion) and physical quality of omega-3 eggs (except eggshell thickness). The highest IOFC value and the highest egg production were obtained at 50% substitution of commercial rations and 50% of research rations containing 2.5% of bean sprouts waste.
Erythrocyte membrane fluidity: A novel biomarker of residual cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes; AimsImproving the composition of circulating fatty acids (FA) leads to a reduction in cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in high-risk individuals. The membrane fluidity of red blood cells (RBC), which reflects circulating FA status, may be a valid biomarker of cardiovascular (CV) risk in type 2 diabetes (T2D).MethodsRed blood cell membrane fluidity, quantified as general polarization (GP), was assessed in 234 subjects with T2D, 86 with prior major CVD. Based on GP distribution, a cut-off of .445 was used to divide the study cohort into two groups: the first with higher GP, called GEL, and the second, defined as lower GP (LGP). Lipidomic analysis was performed to evaluate FA composition of RBC membranes.ResultsAlthough with comparable CV risk factors, the LGP group had a greater percentage of patients with major CVD than the GEL group (40% vs 24%, respectively, p < .05). Moreover, in a logistic regression analysis, a lower GP value was independently associated with the presence of macrovascular complications. Lipidomic analysis showed a clear shift of LGP membranes towards a pro-inflammatory condition due to higher content of arachidonic acid and increased omega 6/omega 3 index.ConclusionsIncreased membrane fluidity is associated with a higher CV risk in subjects with T2D. If confirmed in prospective studies, membrane fluidity could be a new biomarker for residual CV risk assessment in T2D.
TOXICITY OF <SUP>13</SUP>C-LABELED LINOLEIC AND LINOLENIC ACIDS FOR DIAGNOSTIC BREATH TESTS; Noninvasive stable isotope breath tests allow highly accurate and safe estimation of liver and biliary tract function. The aim of this study was to test 13.-labeled linoleic and linolenic acids intended for diagnostic use for acute and subchronic toxicity. The acids were synthesized using the patented method. A single intragastric administration of the tested compounds to experimental BALB/c mice and Wistar rats in the amounts exceeding clinical doses 500 to 2500-fold did not cause animal death. In the subchronic toxicity test, the rats received 5 to 25 times higher doses than recommended for clinical use in humans. In a 14-day follow-up period, no significant differences were observed between the main and the control groups in terms of weight, blood count (red blood cells, white blood cells, platelets), and blood biochemistry (hemoglobin, total protein, alkaline phosphatase, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, bilirubin). The studied compounds are safe at doses intended for oral administration and are recommended for further preclinical and clinical trials.
NMR-Based Lipidomic Analysis of Blood Lipoproteins Differentiates the Progression of Coronary Heart Disease; Abnormal lipid composition and metabolism of plasma lipoproteins play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease (CHD). A H-1 NMR-based lipidomic approach was used to investigate the correlation of coronary artery stenosis with the atherogenic (non-HDL) and atheroprotective (HDL) lipid profiles in 99 patients with CHD of various stages of disease and compared with 60 patients with normal coronary arteries (NCA), all documented in coronary angiography. The pattern recognition models created from lipid profiles predicted the presence of CHD with a sensitivity of 87% and a specificity of 88% in the HDL model and with 90% and 89% in the non-HDL model, respectively. Patients with mild, moderate, and severe coronary artery stenosis were progressively differentiated from those with NCA in the non-HDL model with a statistically significant separation of severe stage from both mild and moderate. In the HDL model, the progressive differentiation of the disease stages was statistically significant only between patients with mild and severe coronary artery stenosis. The lipid constituents of lipoproteins that mainly characterized the initial stages and then the progression of the disease were the high levels of saturated fatty acids in lipids in both HDL and non-HDL particles, the low levels of HDL-phosphatidylcholine, HDL-sphingomyelin, and omega-3 fatty acids and linoleic acid in lipids in non-HDL particles. The conventional lipid marker, total cholesterol, found in low levels in HDL and in high levels in non-HDL, also contributed to the onset of the disease but with a much lower coefficient of significance. H-1 NMR-based lipidomic analysis of atherogenic and atheroprotective lipoproteins could contribute to the early evaluation of the onset of coronary artery disease and possibly to the establishment of an appropriate therapeutic option.
Long-term pigment dynamics and diatom survival in dark sediment; In order to investigate survival of diatoms and long-term pigment dynamics in dark sediment, we incubated samples of homogenized, sieved, tidal-flat sediment for 1 yr in darkness. Microscopic observations revealed that some diatoms survived the full year in darkness and retained their pigments. Concentrations of the diatom-specific phospholipid-derived fatty acid (PLFA) 20:5 omega 3 indicate that these survivors represented only a small fraction of the original diatom community, probably no more than a few percent. Consequently, the effect of pigment retention in living diatoms on the overall pigment dynamics was negligible. The photosynthetic potential of the surviving diatoms was further investigated by re-exposing the sediment to light in the presence of (13)C-bicarbonate. Rapid (13)C fixation into algal PLFAs at a level similar to that in sediment freshly collected from the field indicates that surviving diatoms fully retained their photosynthetic capacity. Concentration dynamics of photosynthetic pigments generally reflected degradation of two different pools with clearly different loss rates. Losses during the first 1-2 months of the experiment (half lives of 6-22 d) reflected degradation of fresh algal material, while losses during the rest of the experiment reflected much slower degradation of more refractory pigment pools (half lives of >= 1 yr). Individual pigments showed distinctly different labilities, with losses ranging from 0% to 86% over the full year. The order of overall loss was fucoxanthin. chlorophyll c > chlorophyll a > diadinoxanthin > pheophorbide > pheophytin > diatoxanthin.
The Ketogenic Diet and Cardiovascular Diseases; The most common and increasing causes of death worldwide are cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Taking into account the fact that diet is a key factor, it is worth exploring this aspect of CVD prevention and therapy. The aim of this article is to assess the potential of the ketogenic diet in the prevention and treatment of CVD. The article is a comprehensive, meticulous analysis of the literature in this area, taking into account the most recent studies currently available. The ketogenic diet has been shown to have a multifaceted effect on the prevention and treatment of CVD. Among other aspects, it has a beneficial effect on the blood lipid profile, even compared to other diets. It shows strong anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective potential, which is due, among other factors, to the anti-inflammatory properties of the state of ketosis, the elimination of simple sugars, the restriction of total carbohydrates and the supply of omega-3 fatty acids. In addition, ketone bodies provide "rescue fuel" for the diseased heart by affecting its metabolism. They also have a beneficial effect on the function of the vascular endothelium, including improving its function and inhibiting premature ageing. The ketogenic diet has a beneficial effect on blood pressure and other CVD risk factors through, among other aspects, weight loss. The evidence cited is often superior to that for standard diets, making it likely that the ketogenic diet shows advantages over other dietary models in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular diseases. There is a legitimate need for further research in this area.
About the controversies of the cardioprotective effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) between animal studies and clinical meta-analyses: a review with several strategies to enhance the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs; Several meta-analyses describing the effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the survival rate of the victims of an acute coronary event do not clearly support a beneficial impact of these fatty acids. Yet, animal studies consistently show n-3 PUFA-induced protection against ischemia-reperfusion-induced myocardial injuries. The impact on reperfusion arrhythmias of these PUFAs is more controversial. The literature shows the anti-arrhythmic properties of circulating n-3 PUFAs. However, when these fatty acids are incorporated in the cardiac membrane, they protect the myocardial tissue vis a vis cellular damage but they can be either pro- or anti-arrhythmic during reperfusion, depending on the severity of tissue injuries. The latter elements can explain the lack of beneficial effect observed in the meta-analyses, but a proper use of n-3 PUFAs may provide advantages in terms of survival rate. This review discusses the different results obtained in humans and animals and presents several strategies to enhance the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFAs.
Dietary lipids fuel GPX4-restricted enteritis resembling Crohn's disease; The increased incidence of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) has become a global phenomenon that could be related to adoption of a Western life-style. Westernization of dietary habits is partly characterized by enrichment with the omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) arachidonic acid (AA), which entails risk for developing IBD. Glutathione peroxidase 4 (GPX4) protects against lipid peroxidation (LPO) and cell death termed ferroptosis. We report that small intestinal epithelial cells (IECs) in Crohn's disease (CD) exhibit impaired GPX4 activity and signs of LPO. PUFAs and specifically AA trigger a cytokine response of IECs which is restricted by GPX4. While GPX4 does not control AA metabolism, cytokine production is governed by similar mechanisms as ferroptosis. A PUFA-enriched Western diet triggers focal granuloma-like neutrophilic enteritis in mice that lack one allele of Gpx4 in IECs. Our study identifies dietary PUFAs as a trigger of GPX4-restricted mucosal inflammation phenocopying aspects of human CD.
Dietary agents in mitigating chemotherapy-related cognitive impairment (chemobrain or chemofog): first review addressing the benefits, gaps, challenges and ways forward; Chemobrain or chemofog is one of the important but less investigated side effects, where the cancer survivors treated with chemotherapy develop long-term cognitive impairments, affecting their quality of life. The biological mechanisms triggering the development of chemobrain are largely unknown. However, a literature study suggests the generation of free radicals, oxidative stress, inflammatory cytokines, epigenetic chromatin remodeling, decreased neurogenesis, secretion of brain-derived neurotropic factor (BDNF), dendritic branching, and neurotransmitter release to be the cumulative contributions to the ailment. Unfortunately, there is no means to prevent/mitigate the development and intensity of chemobrain. Given the lack of effective prevention strategies or treatments, preclinical studies have been underway to ascertain the usefulness of natural products in mitigating chemobrain in the recent past. Natural products used in diets have been shown to provide beneficial effects by inhibition of free radicals, oxidative stress, inflammatory processes, and/or concomitant upregulation of various cell survival proteins. For the first time, this review focuses on the published effects of astaxanthin, omega-3 fatty acids, ginsenoside, cotinine, resveratrol, polydatin, catechin, rutin, naringin, curcumin, dehydrozingerone, berberine, C-phycocyanin, the higher fungi Cordyceps militaris, thyme (Thymus vulgaris) and polyherbal formulation Mulmina (TM) in mitigating cognitive impairments in preclinical models of study, and also addresses their potential neuro-therapeutic mechanisms and applications in preventing/ameliorating chemobrain.
Cervical stitch (cerclage) in combination with other treatments for preventing spontaneous preterm birth in singleton pregnancies (Review); Background
Nutritional supplements as modifiers of morbidity and mortality in cancer patients; Cachexia, a multifactorial syndrome characterized by the loss of skeletal muscle mass with or without loss of fat mass that cannot be reversed by conventional nutrition support, is frequently present in patients with chronic diseases such as cancer, in whom the health status deteriorates markedly. The objective of this review was to study the impact of nutritional supplements on morbidity and mortality of patients with cachexia secondary to cancer. A literature search was conducted (Embase and Medline-Pubmed) looking for references that described associations between supplements and morbidity or mortality in patients with cachexia secondary to cancer. Non-systematic literature reviews, or studies with other non-clinical outcomes were excluded. A total of 42 articles were selected, and their full text version reviewed. We found that polyunsaturated fatty acids increase body weight; antioxidants reduce cancer progression; selenium, zinc, iron and copper improve the immune system and proteins and caloric supplements prevent lipolysis and proteolysis. Within the limitations of the study is the reference to multiple types of cancer, which in themselves present significant differences in treatment and prognosis of patients. As a conclusion, nutritional support with nutritional supplements containing polyunsaturated fatty acids (EPA-DHA), micronutrients (Zn, Se, Cu, Fe, vitamins C and E) and amino acids (l-arginine, l-glutamine and b hidroxymethylbutyrate), can improve morbimortality and therefore quality of life in patients with cachexia secondary to cancer.
Relation between blood and atrial fatty acids in patients undergoing cardiac bypass surgery; Background: Studies relating cardiovascular outcomes to dietary or blood measures of various fatty acids rely on the implicit assumptions that dietary change results in changes in blood fatty acids that, in turn, alter cardiac fatty acids. Although dietary intakes of n-3 (omega-3), n-6 (omega-6), and trans fatty acids are reflected in their concentrations in blood, there are few human data on the relation between blood and cardiac concentrations of fatty acids.
Association of serum eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid ratio with microalbuminuria in a population of community-dwelling Japanese; Background: Epidemiological evidence suggests that the increased intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids can prevent atherosclerosis-related cardiovascular diseases. Recently, serum eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid (EPA/AA) ratio has been reported to be a predictive marker of cardiovascular events. Accordingly, we examined the relationship between serum EPA/AA ratio and microalbuminuria.
Disturbances in dietary fat metabolism and their role in the development of atherosclerosis; It was suggested that postprandial lipoproteins (PPLp) may play an important role in atherogenesis. To examine this hypothesis, we studied PPLp metabolism in normolipidemic individuals and hyperlipoproteinemic (HLP) patients on various diets, physical activity programs, and hypolipidemic drugs as well as in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). We used the vitamin A-fat loading test, which labels intestinally derived lipoproteins with retinyl palmitate. Type IV HLP patients demonstrated a severe defect in chylomicron clearance. Type III HLP patients showed severely disordered clearance of chylomicron remnants. Compared to the saturated fatty acid enriched diet, the omega 6 polyunsaturated acid enriched diet reduced chylomicrons and their remnant levels by 56 % and 38 %, respectively. The diet enriched in omega 3 polyunsaturated acid decreased chylomicrons and their remnant levels by 67 % and 53 %, respectively. Physical conditioning reduced chylomicron levels by 37 %. Gemfibrozil decreased chylomicron levels in type IV HLP patients. Cholestyramine increased chylomicron levels by 88 %. Bezafibrate reduced chylomicrons and their remnants levels and increased fasting HDL-C in patients with isolated low HDL-C levels. Continuous prolonged intravenous heparin administration inhibited chylomicron clearance. Normolipidemic patients with CAD had significantly higher plasma levels of chylomicron remnants than matched controls with normal coronary arteries. The studies reported here demonstrate that both chylomicrons and their remnants are present in the plasma of normolipidemic people and more so for hyper-or dyslipidemic patients for a prolonged period of time after fat ingestion. The duration and magnitude of this postprandial lipemia can be regulated or altered by such interventions as diet, physical activity, and drugs. Our case control studies strongly support the hypothesis that PPLp may play a crucial part in atherogenesis, and therefore justify measuring their levels in high risk patients. We believe that in selected patient groups the use of one or more of the interventions mentioned here is warranted.
ANTICANCER EFFECTS OF FREE POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS IN AN OILY LYMPHOGRAPHIC AGENT FOLLOWING INTRAHEPATIC ARTERIAL ADMINISTRATION TO A RABBIT BEARING VX-2 TUMOR; The anti-hepatic cancer effects of three free polyunsaturated fatty acids (linoleic, alpha-linolenic, and gamma-linolenic acids) dissolved in an oily lymphographic agent, Lipiodol Ultra-Fluid (Lipiodol), following intrahepatic arterial administration were examined using a rabbit liver cancer model, VX-2. The tumor was inoculated into the subcapsular parenchyma of the liver of rabbits, and Lipiodol alone or Lipiodol containing each one of the free fatty acids was administered into the hepatic artery 14 days after inoculation. The rabbits were sacrificed 7 days after administration. Lipiodol containing one of the fatty acids selectively remained in the tumor area. Although VX-2 tumor grew extensively in both the untreated group and the group that received Lipiodol alone, growth of VX-2 tumor was greatly suppressed in the group that received Lipiodol containing the free fatty acid. Pathological observation also showed that Lipiodol containing the free fatty acid had an anticancer effect on VX-2 tumor growing in the liver of rabbits. Average survival days in the group treated with Lipiodol containing gamma-linolenic acid were significantly prolonged compared with those in the control groups. Although growth rates of the tumor at the death of rabbits were large in the control groups, VX-2 tumor shrank at death of five rabbits of six in the group treated with Lipiodol containing gamma-linolenic acid.
Differential effects of dietary supplements on metabolomic profile of smokers versus non-smokers; Background: Cigarette smoking is well-known to associate with accelerated skin aging as well as cardiovascular disease and lung cancer, in large part due to oxidative stress. Because metabolites are downstream of genetic variation, as well as transcriptional changes and post-translational modifications of proteins, they are the most proximal reporters of disease states or reversal of disease states.
Administration of high dose eicosapentaenoic acid enhances anti-inflammatory properties of high-density lipoprotein in Japanese patients with dyslipidemia; Objective: It has been reported that high-density lipoprotein (HDL) loses anti-inflammatory function and promotes atherosclerosis under pathological conditions. However, no pharmacological therapy to improve HDL function is currently available. We aimed to evaluate the effect of oral administration of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) on HDL function. Methods: Japanese patients with dyslipidemia were treated with EPA (1800 mg/day, 4 weeks), and anti-inflammatory functions of HDL were assessed utilizing in vitro cell-based assays. Results: The EPA treatment did not change serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels, but it significantly increased EPA concentrations in the serum and HDL fraction. The EPA/ arachidonic acid ratio in the HDL was in proportion to that in the serum, suggesting that the orally administered EPA was efficiently incorporated into the HDL particles. The HDL after EPA treatment showed significantly increased activity of anti-oxidative enzyme, paraoxonase-1. In addition, the EPA-rich HDL significantly improved endothelial cell migration, and markedly inhibited cytokine-induced expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, in human umbilical vein endothelial cells, compared to HDL before the EPA treatment. Moreover, the EPA-rich HDL augmented cholesterol efflux capacity from macrophages. Conclusion: Oral administration of EPA regenerated anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory functions of HDL, and promoted cholesterol efflux from macrophages. Therefore, EPA may transform "dysfunctional HDL" to "functional", in patients with coronary risk factors. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increased fatty acid synthesis and disturbed lipid metabolism in Neuro2a cells after repeated cocaine exposure: A preliminary study; Chronic use of cocaine prompts neurodegeneration and neuroinflammation. Lipids play pivotal roles in neuronal function and pathology. Although evidence correlates cocaine use with the alteration of lipid metabolism in blood and brain, the precise mechanism remains to be elucidated. In this study, we explore the effect of cocaine on neuronal fatty acid profiles in vitro. Neuro2a cells following seven days of repeated exposure to cocaine (0, 600, 800, 1000 mu M) showed apoptosis-irrelevant cell death, dysregulated autophagy, activation of atypical endoplasmic reticulum stress response, increased saturated and unsaturated fatty acid synthesis, and disrupted lipid metabolism. These preliminary findings indicated the association between lipid metabolism and cocaineinduced neurotoxicity, which should be beneficial for understanding the neurotoxicity of cocaine.
Fish Oil Supplementation in Pregnancy Increases Gestational Age, Size for Gestational Age, and Birth Weight in Infants: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Randomized trials have reported that supplementation with n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) in pregnancy can prolong pregnancy and thereby increase birth weight.
Provider and patient influences on the formation of socioeconomic health behavior disparities among pregnant women; Socially advantaged individuals are better positioned to benefit from advances in biomedicine, which frequently results in the emergence of social inequalities in health. I use survey and in-depth interviews with pregnant women and their health care providers from four Midwestern clinics in the United States, conducted in 2009 and 2010. I compare socioeconomic differences in intake of two new prenatal supplements: Vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid. Although socioeconomic differences in omega-3 fatty acid supplementation emerged, there were no differences in the use of vitamin D. I argue that providers may have contributed to the prevention of a health disparity in vitamin D supplementation by implementing an aggressive uniform protocol. These results suggest that providers not only serve as a conduit for the dissemination of new biomedical information, the strength and uniformity of their recommendations have the potential to prevent or exacerbate socioeconomic differences in health behaviors. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Differential effects of plant and animal fats on obesity-induced dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis in Ldlr-/-.Leiden mice; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is closely associated with obesity through risk factors such as dyslipidemia and chronic low-grade inflammation, which may be affected by diet. Dietary fats have been extensively studied in relation to CVD risk, however these studies have not always yielded consistent results, most likely due to lack in control of experimental conditions and confounding factors. Here we studied the effects of different plant and animal fats on dyslipidemia, inflammation, and atherosclerosis. Ldlr-/-.Leiden mice were fed isocaloric energy-dense diets with translational macronutrient composition for 28 weeks. The diets were identical apart from the type of fat they contained: either (1) a mixture of olive and rapeseed oil, (2) sunflower oil, (3) pork fat, (4) beef fat, or (5) milk fat. The fatty acid composition of the diets was determined and effects on circulating lipid and inflammatory risk factors and atherosclerosis were examined, complemented by adipose tissue histology and liver transcriptomics. While visceral fat mass, adipocyte size, and adipose tissue inflammation were not differentially affected by the diets, atherosclerotic lesion load and severity was more pronounced with increasing dietary saturated fatty acid content and decreasing monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acid content, and hence most pronounced with beef and milk fat. These differential effects were accompanied by increases in pro-atherogenic plasma lipids/lipoproteins (e.g., triglycerides, apolipoprotein B), activation of pro-atherogenic cytokine/chemokine signaling pathways in liver, and with circulating pro-atherogenic mediators of inflammation altogether providing a rationale for the differential effects of plant and animal fats.
To what extent are hake fat and its oil quality affected by the parasite <i>Lernaeocera lusci</i>?; The copepod Lernaeosera lusci is a common ectoparasite of the hake Merluccius merluccius, which constitutes its definitive host. The present study is the first to investigate the impact of L. lusci and its infection intensity on the fatty acid (FA) composition and oil quality of its host. The results revealed a substantial decrease in the total FA content, which dropped by 50, 70 and 83% when fish was infected by one (L1), two (L2) and three (L3) parasites, respectively. The lipid profile showed a tendency for a significant decrease in the saturated fatty acid (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels in all parasitized groups and in a parasite load dependant manner (p < 0.05). The same tendency was observed for the most commonly analysed FA and in particular for essential FA, such as e arachidonic (ARA), eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids, which showed smaller amounts associated with L. lusci co-infection. From a nutritional standpoint, our findings revealed that L. lusci is able to cause severe deterioration in the nutritional quality of its host oil. In addition to the increase in the thrombogenicity index (IT) and the high atherogenicity index (IA) values, the low hypocholesterolemic / hypercholesterolemic fatty acid ratio (H/H) and the modest amount of DHA+EPA (20 and 10 mg/100g) recorded at heavy infection levels make the parasitized fish inadequate sources of these PUFA and unsuitable for consumers with special dietary needs.
The personal nutrition-related attitudes and behaviors of Australian optometrists: Is there evidence for an evidence-based approach?; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the personal nutrition related attitudes and behaviors of Australian optometrists and, in particular, their understanding of the evidence relating to the merit of specific dietary supplements, as applicable to their own health.
Association of the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids with hemostatic factors; It has been suggested that the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. We examined the association of the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids with fibrinogen, factor VII antigen (FVII:Ag), factor VII coagulant activity (FVII:C), plasminogen, and lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] in 338 men and 363 women 45 to 64 years old. Palmitic acid, the most abundant saturated fatty acid, was positively associated in univariate analyses with plasminogen, which explained 5.2% of its variance among men (P<.0001) and 5.8% among women (P<.0001). Linoleic acid, which is the most abundant polyunsaturated fatty acid, was negatively associated with plasminogen and fibrinogen. This explained 1.1% of the variance in fibrinogen among men (P=.04) and 3.2% among women (P=.0006) and 4.1% of the variance in plasminogen in both sexes (P<.0001). Dihomogammalinolenic acid was positively associated with FVII:Ag and explained 3.7% of its variance among men (P=.0003) and 4.6% among women (P<.0001). Furthermore, dihomogammalinolenic acid was positively and significantly associated with FVII:C, fibrinogen, and plasminogen among women but not among men. All these associations remained significant after adjustment for multiple potential confounding factors such as age, smoking, serum lipids, and body mass index. In conclusion, our findings suggest that linoleic acid, palmitic acid, and dihomogammalinoleic acid are significant independent determinants of hemostatic profile. It is not clear, however, to what extent these results reflect the effects of fatty acids on coagulation and to what extent they reflect the activity of inflammatory processes in the arteries.
Plasma Levels of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Adverse Kidney Outcomes; Rationale & Objective: Many studies have reported polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) as significant predictors of cardiovascular disease, but little is known about the relationship between PUFA levels and chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study explored this relationship among individuals with and without CKD. Study Design: Prospective observational cohort study. Setting & Participants: 73,419 participants without CKD (cohort 1) and 6,735 participants with CKD (cohort 2) in the UK Biobank Study, with PUFA levels measured between 2007 and 2010. Exposure: Percentage of plasma PUFA, omega- 3 fatty acid (FA), omega-6 FA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and linoleic acid relative to total FA. Outcome: Incident CKD for cohort 1 and incident kidney failure requiring replacement therapy (KFRT) for cohort 2. Analytical Approach: Cox proportional hazards regression analyses, including a cause-specific competing risk model. Results: In cohort 1, individuals with higher quartiles of plasma PUFA levels had healthier lifestyles and fewer comorbidities. During 841,007 person-years of follow-up (median 11.9 years), incident CKD occurred in 4.5% of participants (incidence rate, 39.1 per 10,000 person-years). For incident CKD in cohort 1, the adjusted cause-specific hazard ratios for quartiles 2, 3, and 4 were 0.83 (95% CI, 0.750.92), 0.85 (95% CI, 0.76-0.9 6), 0.71 (95% CI, 0.62-0.82), respectively, compared with quartile 1. This inverse relationship was consistently observed for all PUFA types. In cohort 2, although total PUFA levels were not associated with KFRT, higher PUFA subtype levels of DHA were associated with a lower risk of KFRT. Limitations: Observational design and limited generalizability to individuals with higher disease severity; no data on eicosapentaenoic acid. Conclusions: Among individuals without CKD, higher plasma PUFA levels and all 4 PUFA components were associated with a lower risk of incident CKD. In individuals with CKD, only the omega-3 component of PUFA, DHA, was associated with a lower risk of KFRT.
How should we judge edible oils and fats? An umbrella review of the health effects of nutrient and bioactive components found in edible oils and fats; Dietary guidelines for many Western countries base their edible oil and fat recommendations solely on saturated fatty acid content. This study aims to demonstrate which nutritional and bioactive components make up commonly consumed edible oils and fats; and explore the health effects and strength of evidence for key nutritional and bioactive components of edible oils. An umbrella review was conducted in several stages. Food composition databases of Australia and the United States of America, and studies were examined to profile nutrient and bioactive content of edible oils and fats. PUBMED and Cochrane databases were searched for umbrella reviews, systematic literature reviews of randomized controlled trials or cohort studies, individual randomized controlled trials, and individual cohort studies to examine the effect of the nutrient or bioactive on high-burden chronic diseases (cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, cancer, mental illness, cognitive impairment). Substantial systematic literature review evidence was identified for fatty acid categories, tocopherols, biophenols, and phytosterols. Insufficient evidence was identified for squalene. The evidence supports high mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions, total biophenol content, phytosterols, and possibly high alpha-tocopherol content as having beneficial effects on high-burden health comes. Future dietary guidelines should use a more sophisticated approach to judge edible oils beyond saturated fatty acid content.
Basic aspects of tumor cell fatty acid-regulated signaling and transcription factors; This article reviews the current knowledge and experimental research about the mechanisms by which fatty acids and their derivatives control specific gene expression involved during carcinogenesis. Changes in dietary fatty acids, specifically the polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega-3 and omega-6 families and some derived eicosanoids from lipoxygenases, cyclooxygenases, and cytochrome P-450, seem to control the activity of transcription factor families involved in cancer cell proliferation or cell death. Their regulation may be carried out either through direct binding to DNA as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors or via modulation in an indirect manner of signaling pathway molecules (e.g., protein kinase C) and other transcription factors (nuclear factor kappa B and sterol regulatory element binding protein). Knowledge of the mechanisms by which fatty acids control specific gene expression may identify important risk factors for cancer and provide insight into the development of new therapeutic strategies for a better management of whole body lipid metabolism.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to assess energy and macronutrient intakes of Cuban Americans; Objective To assess the validity of a 131-item semiquantative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) by comparison with multiple food records in Cuban Americans.
The Protective Effects of Clams on Hypercholesterolemia in Late-Stage Triple-Transgenic Alzheimer's Diseased Mice Hearts; To investigate a high cholesterol diet in Alzheimer's disease (AD) mice, they were fed with (2% cholesterol) in five groups with a control group, AD mice group, AD mice plus Meretrix lusoria group, AD mice plus Geloina eros group, and, AD mice plus Corbicula fluminea group for three months, and treated with the fatty acid profiles of clams by gas chromatography (GC). The results showed that treatment with clams for three months reduced Fas/L and Caspase-3 in the Meretrix lusoria and Geloina eros groups, but Fas-associated death domain (FADD) and Caspase-8 were strongly reduced in the Geloina eros group. For the mitochondria-dependent apoptotic pathway, the reduction of apoptosis proteins were observed in the hearts of clams-treated AD mice. BAK and Caspase-9 was reduced in the Meretrix lusoria group, but Caspase-3 and Cytochrome-c were reduced in Geloina eros group. Enhancement of survival proteins p-AKT, p-IGF1R, p-PI3K, Bcl-XL, Bcl2, and the longevity SIRT1 signaling proteins, p-AMPK-alpha, SIRT1, PGC1-alpha ,p-FOXO3 were observed in clams-treated mice and even more strongly enhanced in the Meretrix lusoria, Geloina eros and Corbicula fluminea groups. This study observed that the ingestion of clams caused a reduction of apoptosis proteins and enhancement of survival and SIRT1 signaling proteins in the hearts.
Membrane plasmalogen composition and cellular cholesterol regulation: a structure activity study; Background: Disrupted cholesterol regulation leading to increased circulating and membrane cholesterol levels is implicated in many age-related chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), Alzheimer's disease (AD), and cancer. In vitro and ex vivo cellular plasmalogen deficiency models have been shown to exhibit impaired intra-and extra-cellular processing of cholesterol. Furthermore, depleted brain plasmalogens have been implicated in AD and serum plasmalogen deficiencies have been linked to AD, CVD, and cancer.
Metabolic changes at the early stage of sepsis induced by cecal ligation and puncture in rats and the interventional effects of Huang-Lian-Jie-Du-Tang; Sepsis is a disease with high mortality that requires rapid diagnosis and treatment. This study used a metabolomic approach to profile the metabolic changes at the early stage of sepsis induced by cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) in rats and investigated the interventional effects of Huang-Lian-Jie-Du-Tang (HLJDT). Male SD rats were intragastrically administered 270 mg/kg HLJDT 2 h prior to CLP, serum extracts were profiled by liquid chromatography/quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometer (LC-Q-TOF-MS) and multivariate analytical (MVA) methods were employed to evaluate the metabolic changes of extracts. A Partial Least-Squares Discriminant Analysis (PLS-DA) score plot indicated that septic rats undergo significant metabolic changes 2 h after CLP, and HLJDT administration could reverse the metabolic changes induced by CLP. Sixteen biomarkers involved in amino acid metabolism, unsaturated fatty acid metabolism, purine metabolism, and lipid metabolism were identified after Orthogonal Partial Least-Squares Analysis (OPLS). Among the 16 metabolites, 10 were regulated by HLJDT. This study established the foundation for further research of the early diagnosis biomarkers and therapeutic evaluation biomarkers discovery of sepsis. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Liver-specific inhibition of acyl-coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 with antisense oligonucleotides limits atherosclerosis development in apolipoprotein B100-only low-density lipoprotein receptor<SUP>-/-</SUP> mice; Objective-The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of liver-specific inhibition of acyl-coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 (ACAT2) on the development of hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis in mice.
The results of Look AHEAD do not row against the implementation of lifestyle changes in patients with type 2 diabetes; The Look AHEAD trial, evaluating the effects of weight loss on cardiovascular (CV) morbidity and mortality in overweight/obese people with type 2 diabetes (T2D), was interrupted after a median 9.5-year follow-up because the incidence of CV events was not different between the Intensive Lifestyle Intervention (ILI) and the control groups, and unlikely to statistically change thereafter. This made health providers and patients wondering about clinical value of diet and physical exercise in diabetic patients. Many factors may have made difficult to ascertain benefits of lifestyle intervention, besides the lower than predicted CV event rates. Among others, LDL-cholesterol was lowered more, with a higher use of statins, in the control group. Anyhow, ILI significantly improved numerous health conditions, including quality of life, CV risk factors and blood glucose control, with more diabetes remissions and less use of insulin.
Crosstalk Between Dietary Pattern, Anthropometric Parameters, and Adiponectin Concentration Among Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Adiponectin is known to mediate antidiabetic and cardioprotective metabolic effects. Current evidence suggests that diet, both its quantity and quality, affects adiponectin concentration.
Omega-6 and <i>trans</i> fatty acids in blood cell membranes: A risk factor for acute coronary syndromes?; Background Although fatty acid intake has been associated with risk of coronary disease events, the association between blood omega-6 and trans fatty acids (FAs) at the time of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is unknown.
Circulating cardiac biomarkers and postoperative atrial fibrillation in the OPERA trial; BackgroundPostoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) is a common complication after cardiac surgery and predicts increased morbidity and mortality. Identification of patients at high risk of POAF with the help of circulating biomarkers may enable early preventive treatment but data are limited, especially in contemporary surgical patients.
STUDIES OF CONSISTENCY OF DIETARY-INTAKE DURING THE 1ST 4 YEARS OF LIFE IN A PROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS - BOGALUSA HEART-STUDY; The consistency of intake levels for several dietary components over a 5-year period (age 6 months to 4 years) in a biracial infant-early childhood cohort has been demonstrated.  Young children with high intakes of selected dietary components associated with risk of cardiovascular disease (e.g., total fat, saturated fat, dietary cholesterol) continue to have higher intakes as they mature than do their peers.  Spearman rank correlation coefficients at a significant level are noted between ages 2 and 4 for the following nutrients:  total protein (r = 0.65), animal protein (r = 0.46), total sugar (r = 0.39), sucrose (r = 0.37), starch (r = 0.33), total fat (r = 0.53), saturated fatty acid (SFA, r = 0.48), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA, r = 0.43), and cholesterol (r = 0.49).  At 2 years of age, some 47-65% of those in the upper tertile for total fat, SFA, and cholesterol intake remain in the upper tertile at age 4.  Persistence of eating behaviors appears to begin as early as age 2, in part because of parental control over food patterns.  These observations have implications for reduction of early cardiovascular risk factors in children and adoption of a more prudent dietary intake through consumer education.
Effect of fish oil on LDL oxidation and plasma homocysteine concentrations in health; Oxidation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and hyperhomocysteinemia are believed to play a role in atherogenesis. Whether n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids increase LDL susceptibility to oxidation or influence homocysteine (Hcy) metabolism has long been a subject of controversy. In this study, we evaluated the effect of 8 weeks of dietary supplementation with 6 g/day of fish oil (FO; 3 g of n-3 fatty acids) on plasma lipoproteins, in vitro LDL peroxidation, antioxidant status, and plasma Hcy concentrations in 16 normolipidemic subjects. FO rapidly and significantly (P < .01) decreased plasma total and very low density lipoprotein triglyceride concentrations and had no effect on LDL or high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. The mean lag time before onset of Cu2+-induced LDL oxidation, as well as plasma and LDL a.-tocopherol and p-carotene concentrations, was unchanged. However, changes in plasma aminothiol concentrations occurred during the study. Specifically, a progressive and significant increase in total Hcy plasma concentrations was observed (13.4% and 20% after 4 and 8 weeks, respectively; P < .01). Total glutathione concentrations were significantly higher after 8 weeks (P < .05). The tHcy increase was not associated with changes in plasma folate or vitamin B,, concentrations. However, concentrations of plasma nitric oxide metabolites (NOx = NO2 + NO3) were significantly higher than at baseline after 8 weeks of FO intake (74%; P < .01). Further, the changes in total Hcy and NOx plasma concentrations observed after 8 weeks of FO were found to be significantly correlated (r = .78, P < .001). With this study, we report for the first time the apparent interaction of n-3 fatty acids and nitric oxide on Hcy metabolism.
Resolution of inflammation: The beginning programs the end; Acute inflammation normally resolves by mechanisms that have remained somewhat elusive. Emerging evidence now suggests that an active, coordinated program of resolution initiates in the first few hours after an inflammatory response begins. After entering tissues, granulocytes promote the switch of arachidonic acid-derived prostaglandins and leukotrienes to lipoxins, which initiate the termination sequence. Neutrophil recruitment thus ceases and programmed death by apoptosis is engaged. These events coincide with the biosynthesis, from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, of resolvins and protectins, which critically shorten the period of neutrophil infiltration by initiating apoptosis. Consequently, apoptotic neutrophils undergo phagocytosis by macrophages, leading to neutrophil clearance and release of anti-inflammatory and reparative cytokines such as transforming growth factor-beta 1. The anti-inflammatory program ends with the departure of macrophages through the lymphatics. Understanding these and further details of the mechanism required for inflammation resolution may underpin the development of drugs that can resolve inflammatory processes in directed and controlled ways.
Physcomitrella patens activates reinforcement of the cell wall, programmed cell death and accumulation of evolutionary conserved defence signals, such as salicylic acid and 12-oxo-phytodienoic acid, but not jasmonic acid, upon Botrytis cinerea infection; The moss Physcomitrella patens is an evolutionarily basal model system suitable for the analysis of plant defence responses activated after pathogen assault. Upon infection with the necrotroph Botrytis cinerea, several defence mechanisms are induced in P. patens, including the fortification of the plant cell wall by the incorporation of phenolic compounds and the induced expression of related genes. Botrytis cinerea infection also activates the accumulation of reactive oxygen species and cell death with hallmarks of programmed cell death in moss tissues. Salicylic acid (SA) levels also increase after fungal infection, and treatment with SA enhances transcript accumulation of the defence gene phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (PAL) in P. patens colonies. The expression levels of the genes involved in 12-oxo-phytodienoic acid (OPDA) synthesis, including lipoxygenase (LOX) and allene oxide synthase (AOS), increase in P. patens gametophytes after pathogen assault, together with a rise in free linolenic acid and OPDA concentrations. However, jasmonic acid (JA) could not be detected in healthy or infected tissues of this plant. Our results suggest that, although conserved defence signals, such as SA and OPDA, are synthesized and are probably involved in the defence response of P. patens against B. cinerea infection, JA production appears to be missing. Interestingly, P. patens responds to OPDA and methyl jasmonate by reducing moss colony growth and rhizoid length, suggesting that jasmonate perception is present in mosses. Thus, P. patens can provide clues with regard to the evolution of different defence pathways in plants, including signalling and perception of OPDA and jasmonates in nonflowering and flowering plants.
Dietary fat and risk of colon and rectal cancer with aberrant MLH1 expression, <i>APC</i> or <i>KRAS</i> genes; Objective To investigate baseline fat intake and the risk of colon and rectal tumors lacking MLH1 (mutL homolog 1, colon cancer, nonpolyposis type 2) repair gene expression and harboring mutations in the APC (adenomatous polyposis coli) tumor suppressor gene and in the KRAS (v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog) oncogene.
Inhibition of fatty acid synthase-dependent neoplastic lipogenesis as the mechanism of γ-linotenic acid-induced toxicity to tumor cells:: an extension to Nwankwo's hypothesis; gamma-Linolenic acid (GLA), an essential omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (FA) is an attractive concept as anticancer agent because it exerts selective cytotoxic on human breast cancer cells without affecting normal cells. This selective toxicity has been identified to be due, at least in part, to the production of lipid peroxides and free radicals. Interestingly, a novel hypothesis for GLA-induced tumor cell toxicity has recently been proposed. GLA, through a molecular mechanism involving the lipogenic enzyme fatty acid synthase (FAS), coordinately interrupts the pathways that replenish the pools of metabolic intermediates in the citric acid cycle (cellular anaplerosis). First, supraphysiological concentrations of GLA inhibit glycolysis, white a cytochrome P450-dependent epoxidation of GLA generates epoxides metabolites for GLA that would mimic the inhibitory action of standard FAS inhibitors such as cerulenin and C75. Second, GLA-epoxide inhibits FAS activity, thus resulting in the accumulation of cytosolic malonyl-CoA which, in turn, inhibits carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1 (CPT-1) and prevents FA oxidation. The recent characterization of GLA as a novel regulator of FAS expression in breast cancer cells supports and further expands this hypothesis, and directly involves FAS-dependent de novo fatty acid synthesis as the mechanism of GLA-induced toxicity to tumor cells. We hypothesize that, at low (physiological) concentrations, the inhibitory effect of GLA on FAS-regulated breast cancer cell survival is not specific and is due to cell toxicity caused by lipid peroxidation. Taking into account that the inhibitory effect of FAs on the expression of FAS in cultured hepatocytes has been shown to be related to a non-specific peroxidative mechanism, a similar GLA-dependent FAS regulatory mechanism involving peroxidative products may occur in normal and neoplastic tissues. At high (supraphysiological) concentrations of GLA, the specific downregulation of FAS gene expression leads to accumulation of the substrate for FAS, malonyl-CoA, that, as a result of FAS blockade, continue to be generated by the rate-limiting enzyme of the fatty acid biosynthetic pathway acetyl-CoA carboxilase, which is not inhibited in the absence of FAS-catalyzed tong chain endogenous fatty acids. Physiologically, the elevated levels of malonyl-CoA occurring during FA biosynthesis reduce FA oxidation to prevent a futile cycle of simultaneous FA synthesis and degradation. Paradoxically, high-dose GLA treatments of FAS-overexpressing breast cancer cells will promote malonyl-CoA-induced inhibition of CPT-1 and FA oxidation, thus precipitating an energy crisis that triggers decreased proliferation or apoptotic cell death. In summary, this working model presents the concept that the breast cancer adaptation in FAS expression can be exploited to develop GLA-based dietary interventions aimed at altering the FA synthesis pathway, which appears to be linked to neoplastic transformation and is associated with tumor virulence and adverse clinical outcome in a subset of human breast carcinomas. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Circadian time structure of fatty acids and vascular monitoring; The circadian variation of 40 circulating fatty acids related variables was assessed from one man (F) and one woman (G). Each provided blood samples by finger pricking at about 4-hour intervals for 24 hours. A statistically significant rhythm was found in 65% of the variables after data expressed as a percentage of their 24-hour mean values were pooled. In particular, a putative circadian rhythm for n-3 and n-6 fatty acids deserves exploration. The predominant 12-hour component found to characterize the n-3 status of G may stem from the odd schedule she followed on the day of study, as attested by alterations in the time structure of her blood pressure on the day of study, as compared to similarly collected data on 33 other Sundays in 2009 available as control information. Circadian vascular characteristics are sensitive markers of loads, including the rest-activity schedule.
A Narrative Review of the Safety of Anti-COVID-19 Nutraceuticals for Patients with Cancer; Simple Summary Dietary supplement use has increased more than 35% globally since the COVID-19 outbreak. While some nutraceuticals are potentially efficacious against severe disease from COVID-19, their indiscriminate use by patients with cancer without medical supervision is concerning. The aim of this narrative review was to evaluate the data on safety of "anti-COVID-19" nutraceuticals for patients with cancer. We found that the use of vitamin C, vitamin D, and selenium supplements is likely safe and even potentially beneficial at typically recommended doses. However, caution is advised regarding the use of omega-3 fatty acids and zinc, as risks from their use may outweigh the benefits. Interest in dietary supplements and their efficacy in treating and preventing disease has increased greatly since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the risk of severe COVID-19 in patients with cancer, we conducted a narrative review aiming to better understand the data on the safety of the most efficacious "anti-COVID-19" nutraceuticals for patients with cancer. We conducted a PubMed database search aimed at identifying the most effective nutrients for use against COVID-19. For the identified nutraceuticals, we searched PubMed again regarding their safety for patients with cancer. Fifty-four total records (52 independent studies) were retrieved, pertaining to vitamin D, vitamin C, selenium, omega-3 fatty acids, and zinc. Vitamin D results from 23 articles indicated safe use, but two articles indicated potential harm. All 14 articles for vitamin C and five out of six articles for selenium indicated the safety of use (one study for selenium suggested harm with high-dose supplementation). Results for omega-3 fatty acids (seven articles) and zinc (one article), however, were rather mixed regarding safety. We conclude that vitamin D, vitamin C, and selenium supplements are likely safe or even beneficial at typically recommended doses; however, caution is urged with omega-3 fatty acid supplements, and zinc supplements should likely be avoided. More experimental research is needed, and nutraceutical use by patients with cancer should always be under the supervision of a healthcare team.
Effects of a Fish Oil Rich in Docosahexaenoic Acid on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Oxidative Stress in Healthy Rats; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids are associated with a lower risk of cardiometabolic diseases. However, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is easily oxidized, leading to cellular damage. The present study examined the effects of an increased concentration of DHA in fish oil (80% of total fatty acids) on cardiometabolic risk factors and oxidative stress compared to coconut oil, soybean oil, and fish oil containing eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and DHA in a balanced ratio. Forty healthy male Sprague-Dawley rats were supplemented with corresponding oil for 10 weeks. Supplementation with the fish oil containing 80% DHA decreased plasma fat, plasma total cholesterol and muscle fat compared to the coconut oil and the soybean oil. Increasing concentrations of DHA induced incorporation of DHA and EPA in cell membranes and tissues along with a decrease in omega-6 arachidonic acid. The increase in DHA promoted lipid peroxidation, protein carbonylation and antioxidant response. Taken together, the increased concentration of DHA in fish oil reduced fat accumulation compared to the coconut oil and the soybean oil. This benefit was accompanied by high lipid peroxidation and subsequent protein carbonylation in plasma and in liver. In our healthy framework, the slightly higher carbonylation found after receiving fish oil containing 80% DHA might be a protecting mechanism, which fit with the general improvement of antioxidant defense observed in those rats.</p>
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids enhance hormone ablation therapy in androgen-dependent prostate cancer; Hormone ablation therapy typically causes regression of prostate cancer and represents an important means of treating this disease, particularly after metastasis. However, hormone therapy inevitably loses its effectiveness as tumors become androgen-independent, and this conversion often leads to death because of subsequent poor responses to other forms of treatment. Because environmental factors, such as diet, have been strongly linked to prostate cancer, we examined the affects of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; at 1.5 wt%) on growth of androgen-dependent (CWR22) and androgen-independent (CWR22R) human prostatic cancer xenografts, the acute response of CWR22 tumors to ablation therapy, and their progression to androgen independence. Significant diet-induced changes in tumor n-3 or n-6 PUFA content had no affect on CWR22 or CWR22R tumors growing with or without androgen support, respectively. However, dietary changes that increased tumor eicosapentaenoic acid and linoleic acid content enhanced responses to ablation therapy, measured by cancer cell apoptosis and mitosis. In addition, relapse to androgen-independent growth (measured by renewed increases in tumor volume and serum prostate-specific antigen after ablation) positively correlated with tumor arachidonic acid content. There was no correlation between expression of 15-lipoxygenase isozymes or their products and tumor growth or responses to ablation. In conclusion, dietary n-3 PUFA may enhance the response of prostate cancer to ablation therapy and retard progression to androgen-independent growth by altering tumor PUFA content.
Plasma lipidomic markers of diet quality are associated with incident coronary heart disease in American Indian adults: the Strong Heart Family Study; Background: Identifying lipidomic markers of diet quality is needed to inform the development of biomarkers of diet, and to understand the mechanisms driving the diet- coronary heart disease (CHD) association. Objectives: This study aimed to identify lipidomic markers of diet quality and examine whether these lipids are associated with incident CHD. Methods: Using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, we measured 1542 lipid species from 1694 American Indian adults (aged 18-75 years, 62% female) in the Strong Heart Family Study. Participants were followed up for development of CHD through 2020. Information on the past year diet was collected using the Block Food Frequency Questionnaire, and diet quality was assessed using the Alternative Healthy Eating Index -2010 (AHEI). Mixedeffects linear regression was used to identify individual lipids cross -sectionally associated with AHEI. In prospective analysis, Cox frailty model was used to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) of each AHEI-related lipid for incident CHD. All models were adjusted for age, sex, center, education, body mass index, smoking, alcohol drinking, level of physical activity, energy intake, diabetes, hypertension, and use of lipid -lowering drugs. Multiple testing was controlled at a false discovery rate of <0.05. Results: Among 1542 lipid species measured, 71 lipid species (23 known), including acylcarnitine, cholesterol esters, glycerophospholipids, sphingomyelins and triacylglycerols, were associated with AHEI. Most of the identified lipids were associated with consumption of omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids. In total, 147 participants developed CHD during a mean follow-up of 17.8 years. Among the diet -related lipids, 10 lipids [5 known: cholesterol ester (CE)(22:5)B, phosphatidylcholine (PC)(p-14:0/22:1)/PC(o-14:0/22:1), PC(p-38:3)/PC(o-38:4)B, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE)(p-18:0/20:4)/PE(o-18:0/20:4), and sphingomyelin (d36:2)A] were associated with incident CHD. On average, each standard deviation increase in the baseline level of these 5 lipids was associated with 17%-23% increased risk of CHD (from HR: 1.17; 95% CI: 1, 1.36; to HR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.05, 1.43). Conclusions: In this study, lipidomic markers of diet quality in American Indian adults are found. Some diet -related lipids are associated with risk of CHD beyond established risk factors.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and cardio-metabolic risk in postmenopausal women by body composition; Background and Objectives: To evaluate whether cardio-metabolic risk data in obese postmenopausal women are affected by adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet). Methods and Study Design: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 89 pre-obese and obese postmenopausal women (PMW) aged 40-75 years with a Body Mass Index (BMI) value =25 kg/m2. Demographic characteristics, health status, anthropometric measurements, physical activity status, nutritional habits, lipid profile, some biochemical results and cardiovascular risk predictor (CVRP) data were collected by face-to-face interviews. Results: In this study, a negative correlation was found between CVRP and a Mediterranean diet score (MEDI-LITE) scores in pre-obese and obese PMW (p=0.008, p=0.02, respectively). Total cholesterol levels of the obese women were found to be negatively correlated with MEDI-LITE scores (p=0.002). VLDL-cholesterol (p=0.04, p=0.008, respectively) and triglyceride levels (p=0.002, p=0.003, respectively) of the pre-obese and obese women were negatively correlated with MEDI-LITE scores. According to the logistic regression analysis, the variables affecting CVRP negatively in our study were age, smoking, and salt use, while the variables affecting CVRP positively were MEDI-LITE score and omega-3 fatty acid consumption. Conclusions: In this study, it was observed that the increase in the MedDiet adherence score of the pre-obese and obese women in the postmenopausal period had favourable effect on lipid profile and CVRP. It is considered that adhering to the MedDiet in pre-obese and obese PMW can be recommended as an effective strategy to prevent the increased risk of cardiovascular disease due to advanced age, menopause, and high BMI values.
Valorization of <i>Monoraphidium</i> sp. microalgal biomass for human nutrition applications; The green microalga Monoraphidium sp. has potential for biodiesel production since it grows fast and can accumulate high levels of lipids. However, there is a lack of information on the potential use in human nutrition. In this work Monoraphidium sp. was characterized in terms of macronutrients with a special focus on the fatty acid profile of the lipid fraction and on the amino acid profile of the proteins. Furthermore, aiming at nutrient valorization, various methods for lipid extraction that could be used in the production of high quality and safe foods were investigated. To this end, the focus was on cell disruption methods in order to optimize oil recovery. The Monoraphidium sp. biomass had a high protein concentration (44.5 %) and a relatively low lipid concentration (12.5 %) but was rich in omega-3 fatty acids demonstrating its high nutritive value. Regarding cell disruption, ultrasonication and high-speed homogenization were insufficient to disrupt cells under the conditions examined. On the other hand, the effectiveness of the ball milling was regulated via processing time and water-to-biomass ratio and complete cell disruption could be achieved by this method. For lipid extraction, solvent extraction using a mixture of food-grade hexane and ethanol resulted in an oil recovery of 70.4 %, whereas using ethanol alone as an environmentally friendly solvent resulted in an oil recovery equal to 54 %. Supercritical CO2 extraction resulted in a lower oil recovery (25 %), whereas ethanol addition, as a cosolvent to CO2, significantly increased the oil recovery (60 %).
Anti-apoptotic effects of novel phenolic antioxidant isolated from the Pacific oyster (<i>Crassostrea gigas</i>) on cultured human hepatocytes under oxidative stress; The antioxidant, and hepatoprotective properties of 3,5-dihydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl alcohol (DHMBA), a natural phenolic antioxidant isolated from the Pacific oyster, were defined using cultured human hepatocyte-derived cells (C3A). DHMBA showed no cytotoxicity at 62.5-500 mu M, as well as chlorogenic acid (CGA), vitamin C, and vitamin E. However, butylated hydroxytoluene, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid and catechin reduced cell viability. In the presence of the prooxidant 2,2'-azobis(2-amidino-propane) dihydrochloride (AAPH), DHMBA at 125-500 mu M improved cell viability, whereas CGA had no effect. DNA ladder formation and flow-cytometric studies indicated that DHMBA inhibited MPH-induced apoptosis and necrosis. CGA was ineffective. Thus, DHMBA is a novel, potent antioxidant, effectively protecting cultured hepatocytes from apoptosis and necrosis caused by oxidative stress. Additionally, the concentration of DHMBA was determined by mass spectrometry to be 24.4 mu mol/kg wet oyster meat, and three polyphenols (gentisic acid, daidzein, and matairesinol) were newly identified in the oyster extracts. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
OPINION OF THE SCIENTIFIC PANEL ON CONTAMINANTS IN THE FOOD CHAIN ON A REQUEST FROM THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT RELATED TO THE SAFETY ASSESSMENT OF WILD AND FARMED FISH; EFSA was requested by the European Parliament to conduct a scientific assessment of the health risks related to human consumption of wild and farmed fish. An EFSA Interpanel working group was set up to conduct this assessment. The opinion focused on the following finfish species as being marketed to a significant amount in the European Union: salmon, herring, anchovies, tuna, mackerel, pilchards, rainbow trout and carp. A special focus was also given to Baltic herring at the request of the European Parliament.
Plasma marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular risk factors: data from the ACE 1950 study; Purpose A high intake of marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) might improve cardiovascular (CV) health. We conducted a cross-sectional study to investigate associations between plasma phospholipid levels of marine n-3 PUFAs and CV risk factors, educational level, physical activity and smoking habits. Methods A total of 3706 individuals from a general population, all born in 1950 and residing in Akershus County, Norway, were included in this study. The main statistical approach was multivariable adjusted linear regression. Results Plasma marine n-3 PUFA levels ranged from 2.7 to 20.3 wt%, with a median level of 7.7 wt% (interquartile range 4.3-11.1 wt%). High levels of plasma marine n-3 PUFAs were associated with lower serum triglycerides [Standardized regression coefficient (Std.beta-coeff.) - 0.14, p < 0.001], body mass index (Std. beta-coeff. -0.08, p < 0.001), serum creatinine (Std. beta-coeff. -0.03, p = 0.05), C-reactive protein levels (Std. beta-coeff. - 0.03, p = 0.04), higher levels of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Std. beta-coeff. 0.08, p < 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (Std. beta-coeff. 0.04, p = 0.003). High levels of plasma marine n-3 PUFAs were also associated with lower glycated hemoglobin (Std. beta-coeff. - 0.04, p = 0.01), however, only in individuals without diabetes. We found no associations between plasma marine n-3 PUFA levels and fasting plasma glucose or carotid intima-media thickness. High levels of plasma marine n-3 PUFAs were associated with higher educational level, more physical activity and lower prevalence of smoking. Conclusion In this cross-sectional study of Norwegian individuals born in 1950, high levels of plasma marine n-3 PUFAs were favourably associated with several CV risk factors, suggesting that fish consumption might improve CV health.
A review of gastrointestinal epithelial renewal and its relevance to the development of adenocarcinomas of the gastrointestinal tract; Renewal of the gastrointestinal (GI) epithelium fulfills the normal functions of maintaining the integrity of the mucosa, repairing mucosal injury, and replenishing the specialized cells of the epithelium. Alterations in epithelial renewal also are intimately involved in transformation of the epithelium to benign and malignant neoplasms. Certain abnormalities in epithelial proliferation, including an increase in the rate of proliferation and expansion of proliferating cells beyond the normal zone of proliferation, are closely linked to the predisposition for and frank development of GI cancer. These abnormalities are common to all human premalignant conditions studied, including Barrett's epithelium, chronic gastritis, inflammatory bowel disease, and colon polyps; they also occur in experimental carcinogenesis. The same proliferative abnormalities have also been observed in some relatives of patients with colon neoplasms who themselves do not have any colon polyps or cancer. Several agents, including calcium, vitamins A, C, and E, and Omega-3 fatty acids, have been shown to reverse the abnormal proliferation under some laboratory and clinical conditions. Moreover, some nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs appear to decrease the size of colon polyps in familial polyposis and to reduce the risk for colon cancer in the general population. We await further clinical trials that will indicate whether such ordinary supplements as calcium, vitamins, fish oil, or aspirin have a role in the treatment of patients with premalignant conditions of the gastrointestinal tract.
Introduction and Executive Summary of the Supplement, Role of Milk and Dairy Products in Health and Prevention of Noncommunicable Chronic Diseases: A Series of Systematic Reviews; Milk and dairy products contain multiple nutrients and contribute significantly to meet the nutritional requirements for protein, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, zinc, selenium, vitamin A, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, and pantothenic acid. However, consumption of dairy is decreasing and moving away from the advised level in many countries and the potential benefits of milk and dairy products for health have come under question. This, in spite that numerous studies report health benefits associated with dairy consumption. The present supplement aims to assess and summarize scientific evidence regarding the impact of dairy intake on health and all-cause mortality, and on the prevention of diverse chronic diseases, mainly from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). There seem to positive associations between moderate maternal milk intake during pregnancy and infant birth weight, length and bone mineral content during childhood. Moreover, consumption of dairy products in older subjects may reduce the risk of frailty and decrease the risk for sarcopenia. The highest consumption of dairy products did not show a clear association with total osteoporotic fracture and hip fracture risk; however, a diminished risk of vertebral fracture was found. Analysis of the differences between high and low dairy consumption and for dose-response found no association between dairy product consumption and risk of all-cause mortality. Total and low-fat dairy consumption is associated with a reduced risk of developing metabolic syndrome and current evidence supports that consumption of dairy does not adversely affect the risk of cardiovascular outcomes and may even have a subtle protective effect. Moreover, evidence has been provided of an inverse association between the consumption of dairy products and ischemic heart disease and myocardial infarction. Also, the evidence suggests that dairy consumption, particularly low-fat dairy and yogurt is associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Likewise, moderate compared with medium consumption of dairy is associated lower risk for colorectal and bladder cancer and has no association with prostate cancer. Finally, consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect on healthy subjects, overweight/obese individuals, or individuals with other metabolic abnormalities, and fortification of dairy products with phytosterols and omega-3 fatty acids seems to be a good approach to improve cardiometabolic risk biomarkers. In conclusion, the systematic reviews and meta-analyses of the present supplement support adequate milk consumption at various stages of life and in the prevention/control of various noncommunicable chronic diseases.
A metabonomic approach to early prognostic evaluation of experimental sepsis; Objectives: Early prognostic evaluation of sepsis is an attractive strategy to decrease the mortality of septic patients, but presently there are no satisfactory approaches. Our goal is to establish an early, rapid and efficient approach for prognostic evaluation of sepsis.
Natural products and complementary therapies for chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy: A systematic review; Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) is a serious dose-limiting side-effect without any FDA-approved treatment option. Prior reviews focus mostly on pharmacological interventions, but non pharmaceutical interventions have also been evaluated. A Web of Science and PubMed database search to identify relevant RCTs from January 2005 to May 2015 included the terms: CIPN, cancer; and supplements, vitamin E, goshajinkigan, kampo, acetyl-L-carnitine, carnitine, alpha-lipoic acid, omega-3, glutamine, or glutamate; or massage, acupuncture, mind-body practice, yoga, meditation, Tai-Chi, physical activity, or exercise. Of 1465 publications screened, 12 RCTs evaluated natural products and one evaluated electroacupuncture. Vitamin E may help prevent CIPN. L-Glutamine, goshajinkigan, and omega-3 are also promising. Acetyl-L-carnitine may worsen CIPN and alpha-lipoic acid activity is unknown. Electroacupuncture was not superior to placebo. No RCTs were published regarding other complementary therapies, although some studies mention positive incidental findings. Natural products and complementary therapies deserve further investigation, given the lack of effective CIPN interventions. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Therapeutic tools for dyslipidemia in peritoneal dialysis patients; Patients on peritoneal dialysis (PD) are at high cardiovascular (C-V) risk, and dyslipidemia, one of the major traditional C-V risk factors, is a common complication in chronic kidney disease. PD treatment may worsen lipid profile, because it confers a more atherogenic state than hemodialysis. There is evidence that in the general population, lipid-lowering therapy reduces C-V mortality, both in terms of primary and secondary prevention. The association between dyslipidemia and C-V mortality in dialysis patients is not well defined, and hypocholesterolemia, related to malnutrition/inflammation, is a confounding factor. However, despite the unfavorable lipid profile in PD patients and their high C-V mortality rate, until now we have had no conclusive data that the treatment of dyslipidemia in PD patients might contribute to reducing C-V mortality. At the moment, following the ATPIII and K-DOQI recommendations in considering dialysis patients as high C-V risk patients seems a reasonable approach, awaiting new large trials in PD patients. The present therapeutic tools to treat dyslipidemia in PD patients, such as diet, fibrates, omega-3, statins, carnitine, phosphate binders and use of glucose-free dialysis bags, are considered, with attention to high-risk diabetic patients, with the possible use of intraperitoneal insulin. The data indicate a correctable nihilism in treating dyslipidemia in the general population, probably even exacerbated in PD patients. However, it will only be with the correction of all of the C-V risk factors, traditional and uremia-related ones, that in future we shall hope to observe the reduction of C-V death in PD patients.
Lipid peroxidation in cotton:: <i>Xanthomonas</i> interactions and the role of lipoxygenases during the hypersensitive reaction; Lipid peroxidation, often associated with hypersensitive cell death, may be initiated either by active oxygen species (AOS) or lipoxygenases (LOX). Here we report a detailed analysis of this oxidative process in both incompatible and compatible interactions between the cotton cultivar Reba B50 and Xanthomonas campestris pv. malvacearum (Xcm). The hypersensitive reaction (HR) was characterized by a massive production of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) hydroperoxides together with typical tissue dehydration. Among these, isomers peroxidized on carbon 9, largely predominant, were chiral, showing an excess in the S enantiomer. The HR process was accompanied by an increase in 9S-LOX activity and preceded by transcription of a LOX gene (GhKLox1). These results showed that: (i) AOS produced during the oxidative burst were not involved in PUFA peroxidation during HR; and (ii) as previously described in elicited leaves of tobacco, the massive enzymatic lipid peroxidation was closely associated with hypersensitive cell death. During disease development in this cotton cultivar, the 9-lipoxygenation of PUFAs was late, weak, preceded by a faint accumulation of GhKLox1 transcripts, and associated with chlorosis but not with necrosis. Consequently, the main difference between incompatible and compatible interactions was in the precocity and intensity of the oxidative process, rather than in its nature. These data provide the evidence for a correlation between lipid peroxidation and hypersensitive cell death induced by pathogens.
Fatty acid profiles of 80 vegetable oils with regard to their nutritional potential; The current concern for fat intake in western countries has raised the question of the individual fatty acid (FA) impact on health. This important issue has strengthened the awareness of nutritionists and food manufacturers for the control of the FA profile of food products. The aim of this review is to provide a classification of the FA profiles of 80 vegetable oil sources, according to their nutritional potential. The first part of the review focuses on lipoprotein metabolism, and on the impact of each dietary FA on blood lipid composition (LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and circulating triacylglycerols). In the second part of the review, the oil sources are clustered by similar FA profiles, and the classification is discussed with regard to the individual FA action on blood lipid composition. Apart from the major vegetable seeds, the clustering highlighted some interesting nutritional oil sources containing mainly a-linolenic acid (camelina, linseed, perilla and stock oils), or interesting amounts of the two essential FA (purslane, chia, raspberry seed, sea buckthorn seed and salicorn oils). Furthermore, this classification provides a useful tool for the formulation of the FA profile of food products.
Effects of Geographic Region and Cultivar on Fatty Acid Profile and Thermal Stability of <i>Zanthoxylum bungeanum</i> Seed Oil; Fatty acid profile and thermal stability of 7 varieties zanthoxylum bungeanum (GZF, GDJ, CJJ, SHY, SMN, SJY, GTS) seed oils (ZBO) were studied. Fatty acid profile, thermal stability were determined using gas chromatography equipped with flame ionization detector (GC-FID) and thermogravimetry analysis (TGA), respectively. Chemical properties, total phenolics and antioxidant activities of ZBO were determined as well. Palmitoleic acid and oleic acid (OA) were the dominant fatty acids, the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) of ZBO ranged from 0.66 +/- 0.01 to 1.17 +/- 0.01, seven varieties ZBO showed a higher thermal stability, with the 50% mass loss temperature ranged from 397.35 +/- 4.02 degrees C to 412.50 +/- 2.35 degrees C, GZF seed oil showed a balance fatty acid profile, the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 PUFA was 0.90 +/- 0.01, GDJ seed oil showed a higher thermal stability, which the 50% mass loss temperature was 412.50 +/- 2.35 degrees C. These results suggested that fatty acid profile and thermal stability of ZBO were affected by cultivars and geographic region, and it may serve as a functional dietary oil.
Fish oil may be an antidote for the cardiovascular risk of smoking; The fact that the cardiovascular risk of ex-smokers approximates that of nonsmokers after two years of abstinence, implies that accelerated atherogenesis is not the chief mechanism of smoking-related heart disease. Indeed, smoking or nicotine have adverse effects on blood rheology, thrombotic risk, coronary blood flow, and risk for arrhythmias. Omega-3-rich fish oils can be expected to correct or compensate for a remarkable number of the adverse impacts of smoking/nicotine: increased plasma fibrinogen, decreased erythrocyte distensibility, increased plasma and blood viscosity, increased platelet aggregability, increased plasminogen activator inhibitor levels, vasoconstriction of the coronary bed, reduced fibrillation threshold, increased triglycerides, reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and increased production of superoxide by phagocytes. Smokers who cannot overcome their addiction should be encouraged to substitute nicotine aerosols/gum for tobacco and advised to use supplementary fish oil and other cardioprotective nutrients.
FADS2 polymorphisms are associated with plasma arachidonic acid and estimated desaturase-5 activity in a cross-sectional study; Polymorphisms in FADS genes are associated with plasma long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) and modulate omega-6/omega-3 balance. We hypothesized that the FADS2 gene variants will be associated with lower product-to-precursor ratio in the fatty acid metabolic pathways. Thus, we explored FADS2 rs174593, rs174616, and rs174576 effects on plasma phospholipid fatty acid profile, markers of desaturase activities, and risk factors in a sample of apparently healthy Serbian adults. Food and nutrient intake data were compiled through 24 h recalls. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid content was assessed by gaschromatography. Estimated desaturase activities were calculated as conversion rates towards LC-PUFA in omega-6 pathway. During the selection of FADS2 polymorphisms, we accounted for their positional and functional aspect. Genotyping was performed by Real Time PCR. Multivariable-adjusted general linear and hierarchical regression models were applied. Study subjects (mean age = 40 +/- 7 years, 70% who were overweight) had a median dietary omega-6/omega-3 ratio of 16.29. Alternative allele frequencies were 33%, 36%, and 51% for rs174593, rs174576, and rs174616, respectively. Addition of FADS2 alternative alleles was associated with lower plasma arachidonic acid (AA, C20:4 n-6, P < .001) and estimated desaturase-5 activity (P < .001), irrespective of gender, age, daily polyunsaturated/saturated fatty acid intake, and obesity. The rs174576 association with AA withstood multiple testing and additional adjustments for other variants (multivariable-adjusted beta = -1.14 [95% CI: - 2.25, -0.43]). None of the variants was associated with dietary intake, serum lipids, or obesity. We observed inverse associations between FADS2 variants and plasma AA but not omega-3 fatty acids in Serbian subjects, with rs174576 exhibiting the strongest relation. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of immunonutrition in patients with acute pancreatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background The effect of immunonutrition is controversial compared to standard supplementation with respect to the management of patients with acute pancreatitis. Methods An online literature search on four databases (PubMed, Cochrane, Embase and Web of Science) was performed to identify all of the randomised controlled trials assessing the effects of enteral or parenteral immunonutrition in acute pancreatitis. A fixed or random effects model was chosen usingrevman, version 5.3 (). The count data were analysed using the risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Results Five hundred and sixty-eight patients were included via our search in which 14 articles matched our criteria for enrolling the meta-analysis. Immunonutrition significantly reduced the risk of organ failure (RR = 0.42; 95% CI = 0.26-0.70,P = 0.0008), infectious complications (RR = 0.78; 95% CI = 0.62-0.99;P = 0.04) and mortality (RR = 0.37; 95% CI = 0.21-0.66;P = 0.006). Length of hospital stay was also shorter in patients who received immunonutrition (mean difference = -1.73 days; 95% CI = -2.36 to -1.10;P < 0.00001). Total interventions of patients were decreased (RR = 0.73; 95% CI = 0.55-0.97;P = 0.03). Body mass index in patients with immunonutrition was reduced more than standard nutrition (mean difference = -2.00; 95% CI = -3.96 to -0.04;P = 0.05). Conclusions Immunonutrition support such as glutamine and omega-3 fatty acids is potentially beneficial with respect to improving clinical outcomes in patients with acute pancreatitis.
Metabolic Groups Related to Blood Vitamin Levels and Inflammatory Biomarkers in Brazilian Children and Adolescents; Certain B-vitamins and vitamin A may be involved in inflammatory pathways associated with homocysteine and omega-3 fatty acids. The aims of this study were (i) to determine whether different metabolic profiles of B-vitamins and vitamin A in Brazilian children and adolescents were positively or negatively related to homocysteine and omega-3 fatty acids using k-means clustering analysis, (ii) compare nutrient intakes and metabolites between the different metabolic profiles, (iii) evaluate if the statistically significant metabolites found between the metabolic groups, can predict the variation of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H) levels, a biomarker of low-grade inflammation, in the total studied population. This cross-sectional study included 124 children and adolescents, aged 9-13 y old. Dietary intake was assessed by the food frequency questionnaire and 24-hour recall. Biomarkers for vitamins B2, B6, B12, folate and vitamin A were measured in plasma. Omega-3 fatty acids and homocysteine were measured in red blood cells (RBC). Two different metabolic profiles were found. Thirty of these individuals had overall average higher riboflavin, pyridoxal, and vitamin B12 plasma levels (metabolic group 1) compared to 94 individuals (group 2). Group 2 had lower dietary intake of vitamin B2, vitamin A, and vitamin B12 and higher RBC levels of homocysteine. EPA and DHA erythrocyte levels were not different between metabolic groups. Multiple linear regression analyses showed that blood cobalamin, riboflavin, pyridoxal and homocysteine combined, explained 9.0% of LTA4H levels variation in the total studied population. The metabolic group that had low plasma levels of riboflavin, pyridoxal, and cobalamin also had a lower dietary intake of B-vitamin and higher RBC homocysteine. The combined levels of the riboflavin, pyridoxal, cobalamin and homocysteine biomarkers can predict the variation of LTA4H in the total population studied, but it is not clear how this regulation occurs.
Chronic treatment with mood stabilizers lithium and valproate prevents excitotoxicity by inhibiting oxidative stress in rat cerebral cortical cells; Background: Recent studies indicate that chronic treatment with the mood-stabilizing drugs lithium and valproate produces a neuroprotective effect against excitoxicity. In this study, we aimed to determine whether inhibiting oxidative dmage plays a role in a neuroprotective effect of lithium and valproate against excitoxity.
Fatty acid protection from palmitic acid-induced apoptosis is lost following PI3-kinase inhibition; We have previously shown that saturated fatty acids induce DNA damage and cause apoptotic cell death in insulin-producing beta-cells. Here we examine further the effects of single or combined dietary fatty acids on RINm5F survival or cell death signalling. Palmitate and stearate, but not linoleate, oleate or palmitoylmethyl ester, induced growth inhibition and increased apoptosis in RINm5F cells following 24 h exposure. Co-incubation with inhibitors of ceramide synthesis, myriocin or fumonisin B-1, did not improve viability of palmitic acid treated RINm5F cells. The inhibitor of inducible nitric oxide synthase, 1400 W, similarly had no protective effect. However, linoleic acid protected against palmitic acid-induced apoptotic and necrotic cell death. The specific pharmacological inhibitors of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, LY294002 and wortmannin, abolished the protective effect of linoleic acid on apoptosis but not on necrosis. These data show that the growth inhibitory and apoptosis-inducing effect of the saturated fatty acid palmitate on RINm5F cells is prevented by co-incubation with the polyunsaturated fatty acid linoleate but not inhibitors of ceramide or nitric oxide generation. A key role for phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in mediating the linoleic-acid reduction in apoptosis is suggested.
Nutritional effect on lipoproteins and their subfractions in patients with Psoriatic Arthritis: a 12-week randomized trial-the DIETA trial; Introduction Patients with psoriatic arthritis have some lipid metabolism changes and higher risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular diseases, regardless of traditional risk factors, suggesting that chronic inflammation itself plays a central role concerning the atherosclerosis. However, there is a lack of information regarding atherogenic pattern and lipoprotein subfractions burden in these individuals.Aim To evaluate the HDL and LDL-cholesterol plasmatic levels and their subfractions after a nutritional intervention in patients with psoriatic arthritis (PsA).Methods This was a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial of a 12-week nutritional intervention. PsA patients were randomly assigned to 1-Placebo: 1 g of soybean oil daily, no dietetic intervention; 2-Diet + Supplementation: an individualized diet, supplemented with 604 mg of omega-3 fatty acids, three times a day; and 3-Diet + Placebo: individualized diet + 1 g of soybean oil. The LDL subfractions were classified as non-atherogenic (NAth), atherogenic (Ath) or highly atherogenic (HAth), whereas the HDL subfractions were classified as small, medium, or large particles, according to the current recommendation based on lipoproteins electrophoresis.Results A total of 91 patients were included in the study. About 62% of patients (n = 56) had an Ath or HAth profile and the main risk factors associated were male gender, longer skin disease duration and higher BMI. Thirty-two patients (35%) had a high-risk lipoprotein profile despite having LDL plasmatic levels below 100 mg/dL. The 12-week nutritional intervention did not alter the LDL subfractions. However, there were significant improvement of HDL subfractions.Conclusion Recognizing the pro-atherogenic subfractions LDL pattern could be a relevant strategy for identifying PsA patients with higher cardiovascular risk, regardless total LDL plasmatic levels and disease activity. In addition, a short-term nutritional intervention based on supervised and individualized diet added to omega-3 fatty acids changed positively the HDLLARGE subfractions, while LDLLARGE subfraction was improved in hypercholesterolemic individuals. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03142503 (http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/).Conclusion Recognizing the pro-atherogenic subfractions LDL pattern could be a relevant strategy for identifying PsA patients with higher cardiovascular risk, regardless total LDL plasmatic levels and disease activity. In addition, a short-term nutritional intervention based on supervised and individualized diet added to omega-3 fatty acids changed positively the HDLLARGE subfractions, while LDLLARGE subfraction was improved in hypercholesterolemic individuals. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03142503 (http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/).
Hypertension prevention: from nutrients to (fortified) foods to dietary patterns. Focus on fatty acids; Diet affects significantly the incidence and severity of cardiovascular diseases and fatty acid intake, in its qualitative as well as quantitative aspects, and influences several risk factors including cholesterol (total, LDL and HDL), triglycerides, platelet aggregation and blood pressure, as evidenced in the 2001 WHO report. This review focuses on the qualitative concern of lipid intake, the various classes of fatty acids of the lipid fraction of the diet, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated, and their effects on blood pressure. Saturated fat have a bad file and several experimental studies in the rat showed a progressive increase in blood pressure in response to a highly saturated diet. Moreover, a highly saturated diet during gestation led to offspring which, when adults, presented a gender-related hypertension. The mechanism of this effect may be related to the polyunsaturated/saturated ratio (p/s). During the past 20 years, trans fatty acids have been suspected of deleterious health effects, but the investigations have shown that these fatty acids display a biological behaviour close to that of saturated fatty acids (SFA). Moreover, epidemiological investigations did not confirm the relationship between trans fatty acids and cardiovascular pathology. Polyunsaturated fatty acids have been shown to exert a positive action on hypertension. This effect could be attributed to the alteration of the p/s, but mainly to the omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). The comparison of several animal models led to the conclusion that long-chain w omega 3 PUFAs (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) can prevent the increase in blood pressure and reduce established hypertension, but the efficient dose remains an object of discussion. Moreover, the two long-chain omega 3 PUFAs, EPA and DHA, display specific effects, which vary with the aetiology of hypertension, because their mechanism of action is different. DHA acts on both blood pressure and heart function (heart rate and ECG) and interferes with the adrenergic function. Conversely, EPA, which is not incorporated in cardiac phospholipids, has no effect on the heart and its mechanism of action is largely unknown. Although it is accepted by the scientific community that the intake of EPA and DHA needs to be increased, we will have to discover new ways to do it, since marine products are the main source of these fatty acids, and this source is not inexhaustible.
A Scoping Review of Dietary Factors Conferring Risk or Protection for Cognitive Decline in APOE ε4 Carriers; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a progressive and fatal neurodegenerative disease. The strongest genetic risk factor for sporadic AD is carriage of the epsilon 4 allele of the Apolipoprotein E (APOE) gene. Strategies to slow the progression of AD, including dietary interventions, may be modified by the pathogenic effect of this polymorphism. Our objective in this review was to determine the extent and quality of the literature investigating how dietary factors and interventions interact with the APOE epsilon 4 genotype to impact cognitive decline in AD. To that end, we performed a systematic scoping review of published English-language articles involving human subjects. We found evidence suggesting that adherence to a Mediterranean diet may reduce cognitive decline among APOE epsilon 4 carriers, whereas ketogenic agents appear to be ineffective. Diets high in saturated fats may be particularly harmful for APOE epsilon 4 carriers. We identified several topics, including the use of omega-3 fatty acid and antioxidant supplements, for which additional high level evidence is needed.
Therapeutic potential of neuronal two-pore domain potassium-channel modulators; Two-pore domain potassium (K2P) channels are expressed in cells throughout the body and give rise to leak potassium currents which control the excitability of these cells. Although not inhibited by classical potassium channel-blocking drugs, such as tetraethylammonium and 4-aminopyridine, K2P channels are regulated by a diverse array of pharmacological mediators. There are six main families of K2P channels and among these certain members of the TREK family (ie, TREK-1 and TREK-2) are activated by general anesthetic agents such as halothane, xenon and nitrous oxide. In addition, all members of the TREK family are activated by neuroprotective agents, such as riluzole, polyunsaturated fatty acids and lysophospholipids, suggesting that these channels play an important role in neuroprotection. TREK channels are also inhibited by chlorpromazine, local anesthetics and the antidepressant fluoxetine. Furthermore, all members of the TASK family are inhibited by cannabinoids and local anesthetics, and TASK-3 is selectively inhibited by ruthenium red. Thus, the diversity and physiological importance of K2P channels suggest that the development of selective compounds to target these proteins has therapeutic potential for CNS disorders such as stroke, depression and epilepsy.
Modulation of heart rate and heart rate variability by <i>n</i>-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids: Speculation on mechanism(s); Heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV) are valuable markers of health. Although the underlying mechanism(s) are controversial, it is well documented that n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) intake improves HR and HRV in various populations. Autonomic modulation and/or alterations in cardiac electrophysiology are commonly cited as potential mechanisms responsible for these effects. This article reviews existing evidence for each and explores a separate mechanism which has not received much attention but has scientific merit. Based on presented evidence, it is proposed that n-3 LCPUFAs affect HR and HRV directly by autonomic modulation and indirectly by altering circulating factors, both dependently and independently of the autonomic nervous system. The evidence for changes in cardiac electrophysiology as the mechanism by which n-3 LCPUFAs affect HR and HRV needs strengthening. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Randomised clinical trials of fish oil supplementation in high risk pregnancies; Objective To test the postulated preventive effects of dietary n-3 fatty acids on pre-term delivery, intrauterine growth retardation, and pregnancy induced hypertension.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of fish and EPA plus DHA consumption in 17 US and European cohorts; Background
MMD collaborates with ACSL4 and MBOAT7 to promote polyunsaturated phosphatidylinositol remodeling and susceptibility to ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is a form of regulated cell death with roles in degenerative diseases and cancer. Excessive iron -catalyzed peroxidation of membrane phospholipids, especially those containing the polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid (AA), is central in driving ferroptosis. Here, we reveal that an understudied Golgi-resi-dent scaffold protein, MMD, promotes susceptibility to ferroptosis in ovarian and renal carcinoma cells in an ACSL4-and MBOAT7-dependent manner. Mechanistically, MMD physically interacts with both ACSL4 and MBOAT7, two enzymes that catalyze sequential steps to incorporate AA in phosphatidylinositol (PI) lipids. Thus, MMD increases the flux of AA into PI, resulting in heightened cellular levels of AA-PI and other AA -con-taining phospholipid species. This molecular mechanism points to a pro-ferroptotic role for MBOAT7 and AA -PI, with potential therapeutic implications, and reveals that MMD is an important regulator of cellular lipid metabolism.
Upstream Effect for Atrial Fibrillation: Still a Dilemma?; Atrial fibrillation is the most common arrhythmia in clinical practice. Ion channel blocking agents are often characterized by limited long-term efficacy and several side effects. In addition, ablative invasive procedures are neither easily accessible nor always efficacious. The "upstream therapy," which includes angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, aldosterone receptor antagonists, statins, glucocorticoids, and omega-3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids, targets arrhythmia substrate, influencing atrial structural and electrical remodeling that play an essential role in atrial fibrillation induction and maintenance. The mechanisms involved and the most important clinical evidence regarding the upstream therapy influence on atrial fibrillation are presented in this review. Some open questions are also proposed. (PACE 2011; 111-128).
Comparative allometries in growth and chemical composition of mussel (Mytilus galloprovincialis Lmk) cultured in two zones in the Ria Sada (Galicia, NW Spain); A study was carried out in two zones in the ria de Sada (Galicia, NW Spain) with mussels (Mytilus galloplovincialis Lmk) coming from the same stock and cultured in rafts, from seed sized to the first split (individuals with sizes between 15 and 65 mm), in order to evaluate a) the environmental differences in each location and b) their influence on growth (length and dry weight) and on chemical composition (protein, carbohydrates, glycogen, lipid classes, and fatty acids of total lipids). Allometric relations regarding those parameters for mussels on both locations were also determined. The mussels cultured in the inner zone (Arnela), with a higher concentration in chlorophyll a during the period studied and a smaller number of cultured mussels, present the highest performance in dry weight and a nearly doubled amount of glycogen than those in the outer one (Lorbe). There are also significant differences in saturated, monounsaturated, nonmethylene-interrupted dienoic, and total fatty acids and sterols, the lowest content being shown by those cultured at Arnela. The mussel is an important dietetic source of polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acids, as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid; both of them are beneficial for health (i.e., the treatment and prevention of cardiac ischemia). The values found range from 1 to 2% of dry weight in both locations. An indicator of the greatest importance if the product is to be used for human food is the ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acids. Habitual diets with a ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids of 12-50 are associated with a greater risk. The value observed in this study was about 0.2 in both locations.
Docosahexaenoic acid enhances the treatment efficacy for castration-resistant prostate cancer by inhibiting autophagy through Atg4B inhibition; Autophagy induction in cancer is involved in cancer progression and the acquisition of resistance to anticancer agents. Therefore, autophagy is considered a potential therapeutic target in cancer therapy. In this study, we found that long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) have inhibitory effects on Atg4B, which is essential for autophagosome formation, through screening based on the pharmacophore of 21f, a recently developed Atg4B inhibitor. Among these fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a polyunsaturated fatty acid, exhibited the most potent Atg4B inhibitory activity. DHA inhibited autophagy induced by androgen receptor signaling inhibitors (ARSI) in LNCaP and 22Rv1 prostate cancer cells and significantly increased apoptotic cell death. Furthermore, we investigated the effect of DHA on resistance to ARSI by establishing darolutamide-resistant prostate cancer 22Rv1 (22Rv1/ Dar) cells, which had developed resistance to darolutamide, a novel ARSI. At baseline, 22Rv1/Dar cells showed a higher autophagy level than parental 22Rv1 cells. DHA significantly suppressed Dar-induced autophagy and sensitized 22Rv1/Dar cells by inducing apoptotic cell death through mitochondrial dysfunction. These results suggest that DHA supplementation may improve prostate cancer therapy with ARSI.
Circulating Fatty Acids and Genetic Predisposition to Type 2 Diabetes: Gene-Nutrient Interaction Analysis; OBJECTIVE
Performance of <i>Debaryomyces hansenii</i> as a Diet for Rotifers for Feeding Zebrafish Larvae; The zebrafish larval stage is a critical moment due to high mortality rates associated with inadequate supplies of nutritional requirements. Larval feeding has important challenges associated with such factors as small mouth gape (approximate to 100 mu m), the low activity of digestive enzymes, and the intake of live food. A common zebrafish live food at the onset of exogenous feeding is rotifers, mainly Brachionus plicatilis. These rotifers should be fed with other microorganisms such as microalgae or yeast, mostly from the Saccharomyces genus. In the laboratory, the culture of microalgae is more expensive than the culture of yeast. The aim of this study was to evaluate the performance of Debaryomyces hansenii as a diet for rotifers in comparison to a microalgae-based diet (Rotigrow (R)). To achieve this aim, we assessed the rotifer total protein content, the rotifers fatty acid profile, zebrafish larval growth performance, the expression of key growth, and endocrine appetite regulation genes. The total protein and fatty acids content were similar in both rotifer cultures, averaging 35% of dry matter (DM) and 18% of DM, respectively. Interestingly, the fatty acids profile showed differences between the two rotifer cultures: omega-3 fatty acids were only observed in the Microalgae/rotifer, whereas, omega-6 fatty acids presented similar levels in both rotifer cultures. No differences were observed in the larval body length distribution or mortalities between the rotifer cultures. However, gh, igf-1, and cck gene expression showed significantly higher upregulation in zebrafish fed the Microalgae/rotifer diet compared with those fed the Debaryomyces/rotifer diet. In conclusion, D. hansenii could be an alternative diet for rotifer used as a live food in zebrafish larvae at the onset of exogenous feeding. The gene responses observed in this work open up the opportunity to study the effect of omega-3 supply on growth regulation in zebrafish.
Fish oils protects against cecal ligation and puncture-induced septic acute kidney injury via the regulation of inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis; Septic acute kidney injury (AKI) is usually caused by sepsis. omega 3 fatty acid has been reported to suppress sepsis-induced organ dysfunction to a certain degree. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of omega 3 fatty acid in septic renal injury. Sprague Dawley rats were used to establish a cecal ligation and puncture (CLP) model in order to mimic the development of septic injury. The rats were treated with dexamethasone and fish oils (FOs) for 4 days prior to CLP. Alterations in the morphology of the tissues, the renal function and the induction of inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis were evaluated. The effects of FOs on nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B), JAK2/STAT3 and p38-MAPK were determined. The rats of the CLP model group exhibited low survival rates and increased expression of serum creatine, blood urea nitrogen, neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin, kidney injury molecule-1 and of proinflammatory cytokines. In addition, the levels of the markers of oxidative injury and apoptosis were increased. The induction of renal injury was notably reversed by administration of dexamethasone and FOs. The expression levels of the protein markers involved in inflammation and apoptosis were measured and the results indicated that FOs inhibited JAK/STAT3 and p-38MAPK signaling, while they concomitantly increased the expression of NF-kappa B. The present study highlighted that FOs improve CLP-induced mortality and renal injury by inhibiting inflammation, oxidative stress and apoptosis.
Nutraceutical Approach to Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD): The Available Clinical Evidence; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a clinical condition characterized by lipid infiltration of the liver, highly prevalent in the general population affecting 25% of adults, with a doubled prevalence in diabetic and obese patients. Almost 1/3 of NAFLD evolves in Non-Alcoholic SteatoHepatitis (NASH), and this can lead to fibrosis and cirrhosis of the liver. However, the main causes of mortality of patients with NAFLD are cardiovascular diseases. At present, there are no specific drugs approved on the market for the treatment of NAFLD, and the treatment is essentially based on optimization of lifestyle. However, some nutraceuticals could contribute to the improvement of lipid infiltration of the liver and of the related anthropometric, haemodynamic, and/or biochemical parameters. The aim of this paper is to review the available clinical data on the effect of nutraceuticals on NAFLD and NAFLD-related parameters. Relatively few nutraceutical molecules have been adequately studied for their effects on NAFLD. Among these, we have analysed in detail the effects of silymarin, vitamin E, vitamin D, polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega-3 series, astaxanthin, coenzyme Q10, berberine, curcumin, resveratrol, extracts of Salvia milthiorriza, and probiotics. In conclusion, Silymarin, vitamin E and vitamin D, polyunsaturated fatty acids of the omega-3 series, coenzyme Q10, berberine and curcumin, if well dosed and administered for medium-long periods, and associated to lifestyle changes, could exert positive effects on NAFLD and NAFLD-related parameters.
Influence of temperature on growth of <i>Scenedesmus obliquus</i> in diluted olive mill wastewater as culture medium; Scenedesmus obliquus can help to reduce the environmental impact of industrial olive mill wastewater from olive oil extraction in the three-phase system. This work examines the effect of temperature changes (288-308 K) on algal growth, culture medium, and biochemical composition of S. obliquus. The maximum specific growth rate of 0.024 h(-1) occurred at an optimal temperature of 302.7 K. The apparent activation energies of cell growth and cell death were determined as 61.8 and 142.8 kJ/mol, respectively. At the end of culture the percentages of pigments, proteins, and carbohydrates were greater at the two ends of the temperature range studied, as it was also observed for the maximum elimination of biochemical oxygen demand (BOD5). The mono-and polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the biomass was greater at the lowest temperature used (288 K).
Efficient Docosahexaenoic Acid Uptake by the Brain from a Structured Phospholipid; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is the main essential omega-3 fatty acid in brain tissues required for normal brain development and function. An alteration of brain DHA in neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's is observed. Targeted intake of DHA to the brain could compensate for these deficiencies. Blood DHA is transported across the blood-brain barrier more efficiently when esterified at the sn-2 position of lyso-phosphatidylcholine. We used a structured phosphatidylcholine to mimic 2-docosahexaenoyl-lysoPC (lysoPC-DHA), named AceDoPC (1-acetyl,2-docosahexaenoyl-glycerophosphocholine), that may be considered as a stabilized form of the physiological lysoPC-DHA and that is neuroprotective in experimental ischemic stroke. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether AceDoPC is a relevant delivery form of DHA to the brain in comparison with other forms of the fatty acid. By combining in vitro and in vivo experiments, our findings report for the first time that AceDoPC is a privileged and specific carrier of DHA to the brain, when compared with DHA-containing PC and non-esterified DHA. We also show that AceDoPC was hydrolyzed, in part, into lysoPC-DHA. Ex vivo autoradiography of rat brain reveals that DHA from AceDoPC was localized in specific brain regions playing key roles in memory, thoughts, and cognitive functions. Finally, using molecular modeling approaches, we demonstrate that electrostatic and lipophilic potentials are distributed very similarly at the surfaces of AceDoPC and lysoPC-DHA. Our findings identify AceDoPC as an efficient way to specifically target DHA to the brain, which would allow potential preventive and therapeutic approaches for neurological diseases.
Application of perioperative immunonutrition for gastrointestinal surgery: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical and economic validity of perioperative immunonutrition and effect on postoperative immunity in patients with gastrointestinal cancers. Immunonutrition diet supplemented two or more of nutrients including glutamine, arginine, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and ribonucleic acids. A meta-analysis of all relevant clinical randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed. The trials compared perioperative immunonutrition diet with standard diet. We extracted RCTs from electronic databases: Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, SCI and assessed methodological quality of them according handbook for Cochrane reviewer in June 2006. Statistical analysis was performed by RevMan4.2 software. Thirteen RCTs involving 1269 patients were included. The combined results showed that immunonutrition had no significant effect on postoperative mortality (OR = 0.91, p = 0.84). But it had positive effect on postoperative infection rate (OR = 0.41, p<0.00001), length of hospital stay (WMD = -3.48, p<0.00001). Furthermore, it improved immune function by increasing total lymphocytes (WMD = 0.40, p<0.00001), CD4 levels (WMD = 11.39, p<0.00001), IgG levels (WMD = 1.07, p=0.0005) and decreasing IL6 levels (WMD = -201.83, p<0.00001). At the same time, we did not found significant difference in CD8, IL2 and CRP levels There were no serious side effects and two trials found low hospital cost. In conclusion, perioperative diet adding immunonutrition is effective and safe to decrease postoperative infection and reduce length of hospital stay through improving immunity of postoperative patients as compared with the control group. Further prospective study is required in children or critical patients with gastrointestinal surgery.
Advancing beyond the "heart-healthy diet" for peripheral arterial disease; Objective: Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) is a burdensome cardiovascular condition that results from chronic inflammatory insults to the arterial vasculature. Key risk factors include age, gender, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, hyperhomocysteinemia, smoking, lack of physical fitness, and poor diet, the latter three being modifiable in the development and progression of PAD. A growing body of evidence indicates that imbalanced nutrient intake may contribute to the development and progression of PAD. The purpose of this review is to summarize current knowledge about nutritional patterns among patients with PAD and to ascertain whether certain health-promoting foods and nutrients could benefit patients with this condition.
Prostatic fatty acids and cancer recurrence after radical prostatectomy for early-stage prostate cancer; Results from some observational studies suggest that diet and energy balance influence the clinical course of early-stage prostate cancer. To evaluate possible mechanisms, we prospectively examined the relation between prostatic concentrations of fatty acids at diagnosis and cancer recurrence following primary therapy.
INHIBITORY EFFECTS OF ARACHIDONIC-ACID (20/4,N-6) AND ITS MONOHYDROPEROXY-METABOLITE AND HYDROXY-METABOLITE ON PROCOAGULANT ACTIVITY IN ENDOTHELIAL-CELLS; The procoagulant response of endothelium to pathophysiological agents such as tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) and phorbol myristate acetate (PMA) alters the expression of proteins such as tissue factor. The modulation of such procoagulant activity (PCA) by the polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid (20:4,n-6) and its 15-hydroperoxy (15-HPETE) and 15-hydroxy (15-HETE) metabolites was examined since this may have important implications in cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. Treatment of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) for 30 min with 20:4, 15-HPETE or 15-HETE before induction of PCA with TNF alpha (100 U) or PMA (10(-7)M) caused a significant inhibition of PCA. This inhibition was seen at 2-5 mu M fatty acids. Dose response curves with TNF alpha indicated that the inhibition was greatest at higher concentrations of TNF alpha (greater than or equal to 250U TNF alpha/ml). The mode of administration of the fatty acid was not critical as fatty acids presented as DPC-fatty acid micelles or solubilised in ethanol gave similar inhibitions of PCA. 20:4, 15-HPETE or 15-HETE did not alter the binding of I-125-labelled TNF alpha to its surface receptors on HUVEC, suggesting that the effect of these fatty acids was not mediated by events at the cell surface receptor level. In support of this, these fatty acids were found to inhibit PCA induced by PMA which bypasses cell surface receptors to activate protein kinase C directly. There was no alteration in the cell surface expression of tissue factor by these fatty acids, suggesting that the inhibition of PCA seen with these fatty acids does not result from a decrease in the synthesis of tissue factor. These findings have important clinical consequences in cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis.
Surface-Binding to Cardiolipin Nanodomains Triggers Cytochrome <i>c</i> Pro-apoptotic Peroxidase Activity via Localized Dynamics; The peroxidation of cardiolipins by reactive oxygen species, which is regulated and enhanced by cytochrome c (cyt c), is a critical signaling event in mitochondrial apoptosis. We probe the molecular underpinnings of this mitochondrial death signal through structural and functional studies of horse heart cyt c binding to mixed-lipid membranes containing cardiolipin with mono-and polyunsaturated acyl chains. Lipidomics reveal the selective oxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) cardiolipin (CL), while multidimensional solid-state NMR probes the structure and dynamics of the membrane and the peripherally bound protein. The hydrophilic milieu at the membrane interface stabilizes a native-like fold, but also leads to localized flexibility at the membrane-interacting protein face. PUFA CL acts as both a preferred substrate and a dynamic regulator by affecting the dynamics of the cyt c N70-I85 Omega loop, which covers the heme cavity.
Circular RNAs in ferroptosis: regulation mechanism and potential clinical application in disease; Ferroptosis, an iron-dependent non-apoptotic form of cell death, is reportedly involved in the pathogenesis of various diseases, particularly tumors, organ injury, and degenerative pathologies. Several signaling molecules and pathways have been found to be involved in the regulation of ferroptosis, including polyunsaturated fatty acid peroxidation, glutathione/glutathione peroxidase 4, the cysteine/glutamate antiporter system Xc-, ferroptosis suppressor protein 1/ubiquinone, and iron metabolism. An increasing amount of evidence suggests that circular RNAs (circRNAs), which have a stable circular structure, play important regulatory roles in the ferroptosis pathways that contribute to disease progression. Hence, ferroptosis-inhibiting and ferroptosis-stimulating circRNAs have potential as novel diagnostic markers or therapeutic targets for cancers, infarctions, organ injuries, and diabetes complications linked to ferroptosis. In this review, we summarize the roles that circRNAs play in the molecular mechanisms and regulatory networks of ferroptosis and their potential clinical applications in ferroptosis-related diseases. This review furthers our understanding of the roles of ferroptosis-related circRNAs and provides new perspectives on ferroptosis regulation and new directions for the diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of ferroptosis-related diseases.
<i>Heterosigma akashiwo</i> in Patagonian Fjords: Genetics, Growth, Pigment Signature and Role of PUFA and ROS in Ichthyotoxicity; Heterosigma akashiwo is the only raphidophyte described for Chilean waters. A recent 2021 fish-killing bloom event of this raphidophyte ignited scientific research, but the ichthyotoxic mechanism and environmental conditions that promote its growth are still unclear. This is the first study confirming the occurrence of H. akashiwo in Chilean waters on the basis of the region D1/D2 of the 28S ribosomal gene. The pigment signature of the CREAN_HA03 strain revealed chlorophyll-a, fucoxanthin, and violaxanthin as the most abundant pigments, but profiles were variable depending on culture and field conditions. A factorial temperature-salinity growth experiment showed a maximal growth rate of 0.48 d(-1) at 17 degrees C and 35 in salinity, but reached a maximal cell abundance of similar to 50,000 cells mL(-1) at 12 degrees C and 25 in salinity. The fatty acid profile included high levels of saturated (16:0) and polyunsaturated (18:4 omega 3; 20:5 omega 3) fatty acids, but superoxide production in this strain was low (similar to 0.3 pmol O2- cell(-1) h(-1)). The RTgill-W1 bioassay showed that the H. akashiwo strain was cytotoxic only at high cell concentrations (>47,000 cells mL(-1)) and after cell rupture. In conclusion, salmon mortality during H. akashiwo bloom events in Patagonian fjords is likely explained by the high production of long-chain PUFAs at high cell densities, but only in the presence of high ROS production.
Fatty acids in ten species of fish commonly consumed by the Anishinaabe of the upper Great Lakes; The Chippewa Ottawa Resource Authority (CORA) in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, has been monitoring contaminant concentrations in the fillet portions of fish from the 1836 treaty-ceded waters of lakes Superior, Huron, and Michigan since 1991. The goal is to provide up to date consumption advice for their CORA member tribes. For the first time since the program started, CORA has included fatty acid analysis in 2016 monitoring of fish in Lake Superior. Ten species were targeted by CORA based on 25 years of experience and regular discussions with Anishinaabe fish consumers. This paper reports these results and presents some preliminary discussion of the consequences for consumption advice for the CORA member tribes who inhabit the Great Lakes region. Six of the species were sampled from Lake Huron and Lake Superior and four were sampled from supermarkets. Wild caught fish are an important link to the culture of Great Lakes Native American tribes and important sources of food and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA N-3). While some PUFA N-3 data from the Great Lakes is available, this dataset provides an important supplement and is specific to the 1836-treaty ceded waters of CORA. This paper confirms the presence of PUFA N-3s in Great Lakes fish traditionally harvested by the CORA tribes. (C) 2018 International Association for Great Lakes Research. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fasting increases 18:2-containing phosphatidylcholines to complement the decrease in 22:6-containing phosphatidylcholines in mouse skeletal muscle; Fasting stimulates catabolic reactions in skeletal muscle to survive nutrient deprivation. Cellular phospholipids have large structural diversity due to various polar-heads and acyl-chains that affect many cellular functions. Skeletal muscle phospholipid profiles have been suggested to be associated with muscle adaptations to nutritional and environmental status. However, the effect of fasting on skeletal muscle phospholipid profiles remains unknown. Here, we analyzed phospholipids using liquid chromatography mass spectrometry. We determined that fasting resulted in a decrease in 22:6-containing phosphatidylcholines (PCs) (22:6-PCs) and an increase in 18:2-containing PCs (18:2-PCs). The fasting-induced increase in 18:2-PCs was sufficient to complement 22:6-PCs loss, resulting in the maintenance of the total amount of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing PCs. Similar phospholipid alterations occurred in insulin-deficient mice, which indicate that these observed phospholipid perturbations were characteristic of catabolic skeletal muscle. In lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase 3-knockout muscles that mostly lack 22:6-PCs, other PUFA-containing PCs, mainly 18:2-PCs, accumulated. This suggests a compensatory mechanism for skeletal muscles to maintain PUFA-containing PCs.
Metabolic and molecular insights into an essential role of nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase; Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (NAMPT) is a pleiotropic protein implicated in the pathogenesis of acute respiratory distress syndrome, aging, cancer, coronary heart diseases, diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, rheumatoid arthritis, and sepsis. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms of NAMPT in these physiological and pathological processes are not fully understood. Here, we provide experimental evidence that a Nampt gene homozygous knockout (Nampt(-/-)) resulted in lethality at an early stage of mouse embryonic development and death within 5-10 days in adult mice accompanied by a 25.24 +/- 2.22% body weight loss, after the tamoxifen induction of Nampt(F/F) xCre mice. These results substantiate that Nampt is an essential gene for life. In Nampt(-/-) mice versus Nampt(+/+) mice, biochemical assays indicated that liver and intestinal tissue NAD levels were decreased significantly; histological examination showed that mouse intestinal villi were atrophic and disrupted, and visceral fat was depleted; mass spectrometry detected unusual higher serum polyunsaturated fatty acid containing triglycerides. RNA-seq analyses of both mouse and human pediatric liver transcriptomes have convergently revealed that NAMPT is involved in key basic cellular functions such as transcription, translation, cell signaling, and fundamental metabolism. Notably, the expression of all eight enzymes in the tricarboxylic acid cycle were decreased significantly in the Nampt(-/-) mice. These findings prompt us to posit that adult Nampt(-/-) mouse lethality is a result of a short supply of ATP from compromised intestinal absorption of nutrients from digested food, which leads to the exhaustion of body fat stores.
Fatty acids and cardiometabolic health: a review of studies in Chinese populations; Rapid nutrition transition from plant-based traditional diet to westernized diet has led to dramatically heightening burdens of cardiometabolic diseases in China in past decades. Recently, national surveys reported that poor dietary quality including low marine n-3 fatty acids and high intakes of red meat and processed meat was associated with considerably elevated cardiometabolic deaths. Previous studies mainly from Western population-based cohorts have indicated that not only fat quantity but also quality linked with different cardiometabolic outcomes. Compared with Western peoples, Asian peoples, including Chinese, are known to have different dietary patterns and lifestyle, as well as genetic heterogeneities, which may modify fatty acid metabolism and disease susceptibility in certain degree. To date, there were limited prospective studies investigating the relationships between fatty acids and cardiometabolic disease outcomes in Chinese, and most existing studies were cross-sectional nature and within one or two region(s). Notably, shifting dietary patterns could change not only amount, types, and ratio of fatty acids accounting for overall energy intake, but also their food sources and ratio to other macronutrients. Moreover, large geographic and urban-rural variations in prevalence of cardiometabolic diseases among Chinese may also reflect the effects of socioeconomic development and local diets on health status. Therefore, current review will summarize available literatures with more focus on the Chinese-based studies which may extend current knowledge about the roles of fatty acids in pathogenesis of cardiometabolic diseases for Asian populations and also provide useful information for trans-ethnic comparisons with other populations.
Protein-energy wasting and nutritional supplementation in patients with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis; Background & aims: Protein -Energy Wasting (PEW) is the depletion of protein/energy stores observed in the most advanced stages of Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD). PEW is highly prevalent among patients on chronic dialysis, and is associated with adverse clinical outcomes, high morbidity/mortality rates and increased healthcare costs. This narrative review was aimed at exploring the pathophysiology of PEW in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) on hemodialysis. The main aspects of nutritional status evaluation, intervention and monitoring in this clinical setting were described, as well as the current approaches for the prevention and treatment of ESRD-related PEW.
Flaxseed reduces total and LDL cholesterol concentrations in native American postmenopausal women; Objective: The objective of the study was to investigate the extent to which the daily incorporation of approximately 30 g of flaxseed, a rich source of lignans, omega-3 fatty acids, and fiber, for a period of 3 months into the diet of Native American postmenopausal women positively affects their lipid profiles.
A new method for lipid extraction using low-toxicity solvents developed for canola (<i>Brassica napus</i> L.) and soybean (<i>Glycine max</i> L. Merrill) seeds; Soybean (Glycine max L.) and canola (Brassica napus L.) seeds contain polyunsaturated fatty acids such as omega-3 and omega-9, which are important for the prevention of cardiovascular disease and the control of LDL cholesterol, leading to scientific interest in extracting and characterizing these lipids. To prevent the degradation of polyunsaturated fatty acids, lipid extraction should be done cold. A "new-method" for cold lipid extraction has been developed, which uses low toxicity solvents such as hexane and ethanol. This method aims to replace chloroform and methanol widely used in the Bligh & Dyer method. By employing the new method, which uses ethanol, hexane and water in the ratio of 2.5 : 2.5 : 1, an average of 28% canola and 16% soybean total lipids were extracted, and the mono-and polyunsaturated fatty acids did not suffer degradation. The amount of lipid extracted by the new method was compared with the Soxhlet and Bligh & Dyer methods. The new method uses low-toxicity solvents for lipid extraction, and the accuracy values range between 103.33% and 107.51%, proving it to be an efficient method.
Neurotrophins: Role in adverse pregnancy outcome; Proper placental development is essential during pregnancy since it forms the interface between the maternal foetal circulations and is critical for foetal nutrition and oxygenation. Neurotrophins such as nerve growth factor (NGF), brain derived neurotrophin (BDNF), neurotrophin-3 (NT-3) and neurotrophin-4/5 (NT-4/5) are naturally occurring molecules that regulate development of the placenta and brain. BDNF and NGF also involved in the regulation of angiogenesis. Recent studies suggest that the levels of BDNF and NGF are regulated by docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) which is an important omega-3 fatty acid and is a structural component of the plasma membrane. Oxidative stress during pregnancy may lower the levels of DHA and affecting the fluidity of the membranes leading to the changes in the levels and expression of BDNF and NGF. Therefore altered levels and expression of NGF and BDNF may lead to abnormal foetal growth and brain development that may increase the risk for cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndromes and neurodevelopmental disorders in children born preterm. This review discuss about the neurotrophins and their role in the feto-placental unit during critical period of pregnancy. (C) 2014 ISDN. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Robust Docosahexaenoic Acid-Mediated Neuroprotection in a Rat Model of Transient, Focal Cerebral Ischemia; Background and Purpose-Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22: 6n-3), an omega-3 essential fatty acid family member, is the precursor of neuroprotectin D1, which downregulates apoptosis and, in turn, promotes cell survival. This study was conducted to assess whether DHA would show neuroprotective efficacy when systemically administered in different doses after middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAo) in rats.
Dietary supplementation with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid inhibits growth of Morris hepatocarcinoma 3924A in rats: Effects on proliferation and apoptosis; The effect of individual administration of low doses of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (1 g/kg body weight) on the growth of Morris hepatocarcinoma 3924A transplanted in ACI/T rats was investigated. Both EPA and DHA inhibited growth of the hepatocarcinoma (50% reduction of tumor weight or volume at the 19th day after transplantation for both of the n-3 PUFA groups). EPA treatment reduced the percentage of proliferating tumor cells labeled with BUdR (10-fold), whereas DHA did not. Conversely, DHA supplementation induced a doubling of the number of cells undergoing apoptosis (labeled by TUNEL), whereas EPA treatment was much less effective, Analysis of changes in phospholipid fatty acids in tumor-cell membranes after both treatments with EPA and DHA showed a significant reduction in arachidonic-acid levels. EPA and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), its elongation product, were increased in the phospholipids from EPA-treated animals. DHA and EPA, but not DPA, were increased in the DHA-treated group, It is concluded from the results of the present study that the anti-tumoral effect of EPA is related mainly to its inhibition of cell proliferation, whereas that of DHA corresponds with its induction of apoptosis. The alterations in fatty-acid composition induced by EPA or DHA appear to be factors underlying their differential actions on cell proliferation and apoptosis. (C) 1998 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Arabidopsis <i>sfd</i> mutants affect plastidic lipid composition and suppress dwarfing, cell death, and the enhanced disease resistance phenotypes resulting from the deficiency of a fatty acid desaturase; A loss-of-function mutation in the Arabidopsis SSI2/FAB2 gene, which encodes a plastidic stearoyl-acyl-carrier protein desaturase, has pleiotropic effects. The ssi2 mutant plant is dwarf, spontaneously develops lesions containing dead cells, accumulates increased salicylic acid (SA) levels, and constitutively expresses SA-mediated, NPR1-dependent and -independent defense responses. In parallel, jasmonic acid-regulated signaling is compromised in the ssi2 mutant. In an effort to discern the involvement of lipids in the ssi2-conferred developmental and defense phenotypes, we identified suppressors of fatty acid (stearoyl) desaturase deficiency (sfd) mutants. The sfd1, sfd2, and sfd4 mutant alleles suppress the ssi2-conferred dwarfing and lesion development, the NPR1-independent expression of the PATHOGENESIS-RELATED1 (PR1) gene, and resistance to Pseudomonas syringae pv maculicola. The sfd1 and sfd4 mutant alleles also depress ssi2-conferred PR1 expression in NPR1-containing sfd1 ssi2 and sfd4 ssi2 plants. By contrast, the sfd2 ssi2 plant retains the ssi2-conferred high-level expression of PR1. In parallel with the loss of ssi2-conferred constitutive SA signaling, the ability of jasmonic acid to activate PDF1.2 expression is reinstated in the sfd1 ssi2 npr1 plant. sfd4 is a mutation in the FAD6 gene that encodes a plastidic omega6-desaturase that is involved in the synthesis of polyunsaturated fatty acid-containing lipids. Because the levels of plastid complex lipid species containing hexadecatrienoic acid are depressed in all of the sfd ssi2 npr1 plants, we propose that these lipids are involved in the manifestation of the ssi2-conferred phenotypes.
Systematic review of mediterranean diet interventions in menopausal women; The increasing lifespan of women and their extended time spent in menopause pose significant challenges for health care systems, primarily due to the impacts of postmenopausal estrogen deficiency and aging on health. Menopause's onset is linked to a heightened prevalence of obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and osteoporosis. Diet is particularly relevant during menopause given its impact on quality of life and longevity and its modifiability. Because the Mediterranean diet is currently regarded as one of the healthiest dietary models in the world, the aim of this systematic review was to assess current evidence regarding the effectiveness of studies on the Mediterranean diet as an intervention for menopausal women. A systematic review of intervention based studies involving the Mediterranean diet among menopausal women was performed in Scopus, PubMed, and Web of Science. The results of seven that met the inclusion criteria suggests that adherence to the Mediterranean diet can have beneficial impacts on menopausal women's health, including reductions in weight, blood pressure, blood omega 6: omega 3 ratio, triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL levels. Those results seem to be relevant for public health interventions aimed at improving menopausal women's quality of life.
Prognostic value of chromogranin A in chronic heart failure: data from the GISSI-Heart Failure trial; To assess the association between circulating levels of chromogranin A (CgA) and outcome in a large population of patients with chronic heart failure (HF).
Nutritional patterns associated with the maintenance of neurocognitive functions and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: A focus on human studies; Ample epidemiological evidence suggests a strong correlation among diet, lifestyle factors and the onset and consolidation of dementia and Alzheimer's disease (AD). It has been demonstrated that AD, diabetes, obesity, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease are strongly interconnected pathologies. Preventive strategies and nutritional interventions seem to be promising approaches to delay neurocognitive decline and reduce the risk of AD and other non-psychiatric co-morbidities. In this regard, healthy dietary patterns, characterized by high intake of plant-based foods, probiotics, antioxidants, soy beans, nuts, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and a low intake of saturated fats, animal-derived proteins, and refined sugars, have been shown to decrease the risk of neurocognitive impairments and eventually the onset of AD. Here we review the role of some nutrients and, in particular, of healthy dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet and other emerging healthy diets, DASH (Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension) and MIND (Mediterranean-DASH dietlntervention for Neurodegenerative Delay), for the maintenance of cognitive performance, focusing specifically on human studies. The beneficial effects associated with overall diet composition, rather than single nutrient supplementations, for the prevention or the delay of AD and dementia are discussed.
Hypertriglyceridaemia: an update; Triglycerides (TGs) form part of the standard lipid profile. Elevations in TGs are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk through triglyceride-rich lipoprotein particles found as part of non-HDL cholesterol. Many elevations of TGs are secondary to other causes, but primary hypertriglyceridaemia syndromes need to be identified. The genetic causes of hypertriglyceridaemia range from familial combined hyperlipidaemia through the autosomal recessive remnant hyperlipidaemia (related to apolipoprotein E variants) and familial chylomicronaemia syndromes. Patients with primary hypertriglyceridaemia >10 mmol/L require characterisation and specific intervention. Simple lipid profiles do not provide adequate information for detailed diagnosis and additional assays such as apolipoprotein (apo)B-100, apoE genotype and next-generation sequencing may be useful. Management of raised TGs includes optimising diet, reducing exacerbating factors as well as lipid-lowering medications such as statins, fibrates, niacin and omega-3 fatty acids. Novel medications for orphan disease indications such as familial chylomicronaemia syndrome include volanesorsen, evinacumab and other antisense therapeutics. Extreme hypertriglyceridaemia syndromes, especially chylomicronaemia syndromes, which can be exposed by pregnancy or other factors are a medical emergency and require admission and specialist management sometimes including plasma exchange.
Old Plant, New Possibilities: Wild Bilberry (<i>Vaccinium myrtillus</i> L., Ericaceae) in Topical Skin Preparation; Bilberry represents a valuable source of antioxidant substances responsible for its application for the treatment of different conditions (such as inflammation, cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, and different age-related diseases) associated with increased oxidative stress. As oxidative stress might cause skin impairments, we aim to evaluate a topical preparation containing bilberry leaves extract and bilberry seeds oil, obtained as a byproduct of the food industry. To obtain the extracts, the conventional maceration technique for leaves, and supercritical carbon dioxide extraction for seeds were employed. The chemical profile of both actives was achieved by HPLC and GC methods, revealing the presence of phenolic acids (chlorogenic being the most abundant), flavonoids (isoquercetin in the highest amount), and resveratrol in leaves extract, while in seeds oil the essential omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids were determined in favorable ratio, almost being 1. Antioxidant potential of the wild bilberry extract and seed oil was evaluated using in vitro DPPH and FRAP assays. Finally, effects of the oil-in-water creams with mentioned wild bilberry isolates on the skin were investigated in an in vivo study conducted on healthy human volunteers, revealing the significant beneficial effects when topically applied.
Generic and product-specific health claim processes for functional foods across global jurisdictions; Worldwide consumer interest in functional foods and their potential health benefits has been increasing over the past 10 y. To respond to this interest, regulatory bodies have developed guidelines for assessing health claims on functional foods. The objective of this article is to investigate the type and amount of evidence needed in various jurisdictions on a worldwide basis to substantiate both generic and product-specific health claims. Two types of health claims were examined using separate case studies. Analysis of generic health claims was highlighted by (n-3) fatty acids and their relation to heart health; whereas examination of product-specific health claims was conducted using probiotics and their association with gastrointestinal well-being. Results showed a common core for use of convincing high-quality human data, especially in the form of randomized controlled trials (RCT), but there was significant variability in the type and amount of scientific evidence needed to substantiate health claims, both generic and product specific, across different jurisdictions. Product-specific claims tended to use human RCT as the main basis for claims, whereas generic claims tended to base their statements on a wider spectrum of literature.
Disruption of Chronic Cariporide Treatment Abrogates Myocardial Ion Homeostasis During Acute Ischemia Reperfusion; Cariporide, an Na+/H+ exchanger inhibitor, is a drug with cardioprotective properties. However, chronic treatment with cariporide may modify the protein phenotype of the cardiomyocytes. Disruption of the equilibrium between a cariporide-modified phenotype and the supply of cariporide could be deleterious. The aim of this study was to test the effects of this equilibrium rupture (EqR) on cardiac function at baseline and acute ischemia reperfusion. Rats were chronically treated with cariporide (2.5 mg.kg(-1).d(-1)) or with placebo for 21 days, after which isolated Langendorff-mode heart perfusion experiments utilized cariporide-free buffer. During this type of perfusion, the drug is rapidly cleared from the cellular environment. After 30 minutes of stabilization, the hearts were subjected to global zero-flow ischemia (25 minutes) followed by reperfusion (45 minutes). Measures of mechanical function, oxygen consumption, lactate plus pyruvate, CO2 and proton release into the coronary effluent were determined. The gene and protein expression of proton extruders was also evaluated. Chronic cariporide administration followed by EqR reduced the expression of the Na+/H+ exchanger, increased the expression of the HCO-(3) or Na+ exchanger, decreased monocarboxylate/H+ carrier expression, reduced the lactate plus pyruvate release but did not change the glucose oxidation rate and mechanical function compared with baseline conditions. The resulting low glycolytic rate was associated with a stronger contracture during ischemia. During reperfusion, the early release of acidic forms was higher and redirected toward the use of the Na+/H+ and HCO-(3)/Na+ exchangers to the detriment of the safe monocarboxylate/H+ carrier. Both phenomena were assumed to increase the Na+ uptake and activate the Na+/Ca2+ exchanger, resulting in Na+ and Ca2+ overload and further cellular damage. This explains the impaired recovery of the contractile function observed in the EqR group during reperfusion. In conclusion, although cariporide is usually cardioprotective, a disruption of its chronic treatment followed by an ischemia/reperfusion event can become deleterious.
From the Laboratory to the Kitchen: New Alternatives to Healthier Bakery Products; Due to the growing interest in improving the nutritional profile of bakery products, we have dealt with the most recent and relevant contributions regarding potential replacements for carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. Focusing on the influence of carbohydrates on metabolism, their excess implies obesity, diabetes and tooth decay. However, they are technologically important, since they are responsible for the structure of many bakery products. Regarding of the lipid profile, saturated fats have a great impact on the appearance of cardiovascular disease. Fortunately, nature and the food industry offer alternatives to traditional oils/butters with large amounts of omega 3 and other components that can mitigate these problems. Other relevant aspects are related to allergies concerning egg proteins, gluten or even requirements for vegan consumers. Several studies have been performed in this line, replacing eggs with milk serum, different mucilages obtained from legumes or some gums, etc. In conclusion, many papers have been published showing the possibility of successfully replacing (both at technological and sensory levels) less healthy ingredients with others that are nutritionally better. The challenge now is to combine these better components in a given product, as well as to evaluate possible interactions among them.
An unsolved puzzle: the complex interplay between methylmercury and fish oil-derived fatty acids within the cardiovascular system; Methylmercury (MeHg), a toxic pollutant generated by the methylation of inorganic mercury in the aquatic environment, is bioaccumulated and biomagnified through the aquatic food chain, reaching high concentrations in certain fish species. Accordingly, human exposure to MeHg mainly occurs due to the ingestion of contaminated fish. Although it is well known that the central nervous system represents an important target of the deleterious effects of MeHg, both experimental and epidemiological evidence indicates that MeHg exposure can also lead to cardiovascular dysfunction. Nevertheless, fish-derived n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), such as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), have been reported to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease development. In this scenario, although there seems to be antagonism between MeHg and fish-derived n-3 PUFAs concerning the cardiovascular system, the benefits and risks related to seafood consumption remain under debate, and the available (basic and epidemiological) literature does not provide a quantitative assessment of the benefit-risk relationship of n-3 PUFA intake and MeHg exposure. This review delves into the intricate interplay between MeHg and fish-derived n-3 PUFAs, pointing to specific research topics that deserve additional attention to improve the knowledge concerning the benefits and risks of fish consumption on the cardiovascular system.
Morbid Obesity is Associated to Altered Fatty Acid Profile of Erythrocyte Membranes; Background: Morbid obesity is a pathologic condition associated to an increased incidence of several chronic conditions associated to increased risk of mortality. Erythrocyte fatty acid composition has been candidate as a biomarker of oxidative stress and consequently on the rate of aging and ultimately lifespan. To our knowledge, no study has investigated the total spectrum of lipid composition of erythrocyte membranes from obese individuals. The aim of this study was to compare the fatty acid composition of erythrocyte membranes derived from morbidly obese patients with healthy matched controls and long-living descendants.
Visualizing Dynamic Performance of Lipid Droplets in a Parkinson's Disease Model via a Smart Photostable Aggregation-Induced Emission Probe; Parkinson's disease (PD) is a complex neurodegenerative disease affected by diverse factors, and lipid droplets (LDs) are increasingly recognized as major players in PD because of their relevance to neuron activity. However, long-term dynamic changes of LDs and their relative activity remain unclear. Here, an aggregation-induced emission (AIE) probe named 2-DPAN was prepared and employed to visualize dynamic processes of LDs in a 6-hydroxydopamine model of PD for the first time, and LDs' accumulation-peak/plateau-decrease were confirmed. We further found a dose relationship between LDs and variation in mitochondria! activity. Strikingly, the progression of cell death was accelerated by lipase, whereas pre-stimulation of LDs by unsaturated fatty acid-oleic acid decreased the death process by inhibiting excessive reactive oxygen species (ROS) and fatty acid production, thereby protecting mitochondria. The utilization of 2-DPAN demonstrates the importance of LDs in neuronal homeostasis, and effective tuning of LDs may prevent or inhibit PD progression.
Vitamin E/Coenzyme Q-Dependent "Free Radical Reductases": Redox Regulators in Ferroptosis; Significance: Lipid peroxidation and its products, oxygenated polyunsaturated lipids, act as essential signals coordinating metabolism and physiology and can be deleterious to membranes when they accumulate in excessive amounts.Recent Advances: There is an emerging understanding that regulation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) phospholipid peroxidation, particularly of PUFA-phosphatidylethanolamine, is important in a newly discovered type of regulated cell death, ferroptosis. Among the most recently described regulatory mechanisms is the ferroptosis suppressor protein, which controls the peroxidation process due to its ability to reduce coenzyme Q (CoQ).Critical Issues: In this study, we reviewed the most recent data in the context of the concept of free radical reductases formulated in the 1980-1990s and focused on enzymatic mechanisms of CoQ reduction in different membranes (e.g., mitochondrial, endoplasmic reticulum, and plasma membrane electron transporters) as well as TCA cycle components and cytosolic reductases capable of recycling the high antioxidant efficiency of the CoQ/vitamin E system.Future Directions: We highlight the importance of individual components of the free radical reductase network in regulating the ferroptotic program and defining the sensitivity/tolerance of cells to ferroptotic death. Complete deciphering of the interactive complexity of this system may be important for designing effective antiferroptotic modalities.
Flaxseed and flaxseed products for cattle: Effects on health, growth performance, carcass quality, and sensory attributes; Two experiments were conducted with weaned calves to evaluate the effects of feeding flaxseed and flaxseed products on morbidity rates, mortality rates, and growth performance. In Trial 1, steer calves (n=370 steers, 463 lb BW) were fed diets containing flaxseed at 0, 5, 10, 15, or 20%, or tallow at 4% of the diet. In Trial 2, heifer calves (n=365 heifers, 474 lb BW) were fed diets containing no added fat, 4% beef tallow, 10% ground flaxseed, 4% flaxseed oil, or a combination of linseed meal with 4% added tallow. In Trial 1, feed intake responded quadratically (P<0.04) to flax addition, with 10% flax yielding maximum feed intake, maximum gain, and optimum feed efficiency. Feeding flaxseed increased circulating concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids, including 18:3, 20:3, 22:3, 22:5, and 22:6 fatty acids. Compared to cattle fed tallow, cattle fed 10% flax (approximately isocaloric diets) tended to be more efficient. Incidence of respiratory disease was not different among dietary treatments. In Trial 2, feeding flaxseed or flaxseed oil resulted in greater feed intakes (P<.01) and greater weight gains (P<0.01) during the first 8 days after arrival compared to cattle fed tallow. Incidence of bovine respiratory disease and death loss were decreased (P=0.09 and P=0.01, respectively) by including any form of supplemental fat in the diet. Compared to diets containing tallow, diets that included flaxseed or flaxseed oil resulted in higher circulating concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids and improved (P=0.06) response to antibiotic therapy in animals treated for bovine respiratory disease. Including flaxseed or flaxseed oil in the diet during the initial 5 to 6 weeks generally increased fat deposition during the subsequent finishing phase, resulting in substantial improvements in carcass quality grade when cattle were slaughtered in excess of 150 days after removal of flax products from the diet. In general, flaxseed oil (provide as refined oil or as ground flaxseed) is superior to tallow as a source of lipid in the diets of stressed feeder cattle, resulting in improved health and carcass quality.
GENETIC AND BIOCHEMICAL-CHARACTERIZATION OF A MUTATION (FATA) THAT ALLOWS TRANS UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS TO REPLACE THE ESSENTIAL CIS UNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS OF ESCHERICHIA-COLI; Unsaturated fatty acid auxotrophs of Escherichia coli are able to use only unsaturated fatty acids of the cis configuration as the required growth supplement. A mutation in the fatA gene allows such auxotrophs to utilize unsaturated fatty acids with a trans double bond as well as fatty acids having a cis double bond. The fatA gene was mapped to min 69 near argG, and the allele studied (fatAl) was found to be dominant over the wild-type gene. fatAl mutant strains grew at similar rates when  supplemented with elaidate (trans-9-octadecenoate) or oleate (cis-9-octadecenoate). The fat+ strain, however, lysed when supplemented with the trans fatty acid. Physiological characterization of the fatA mutant strain was undertaken. The mutation appeared not to be involved with long-chain fatty acid transport. Introduction of lesions in known fatty acid transport genes abolished trans fatty acid utilization in the fatA mutant strain. Also, growth characteristics of the fat+ and the fatAl  mutant strains on elaidate as the sole carbon source were identical, which indicated comparables rate of fatty acid accumulation. The mutation appeared to be involved with recognition of the trans configuration after uptake into the cell. The levels of trans fatty acid incorporation into the phospholipids of the fat+ and the fatA strains differed considerably, with the mutant incorporating much higher levels. No significant accumulation of elaidate into nonphospholipid cellular components was  observed. The fatA mutation did not appear to be involved with the cellular metabolic state, as cyclic AMP had no effect on the ability of the strains to utilize trans fatty acids.
Protective effect of alpha-linoleic acid on Aβ-induced oxidative stress, neuroinflammation, and memory impairment by alteration of α7 nAChR and NMDAR gene expression in the hippocampus of rats; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that affects many older people around the world. Numerous studies are underway to evaluate the protective effects of natural products in AD. Alphalinoleic acid (ALA) is an essential unsaturated fatty acid that exhibits neuroprotective outcomes in rat models of ischemic stroke and Parkinson's disease. This research aimed to investigate the effect of ALA on oxidative stress, neuroinflammation, neuronal death, and memory deficit induced by amyloid-beta (A beta) peptide. After intrahippocampal injection of A beta(1-42), rats received ALA (150 mu g/kg, subcutaneously) for 14 consecutive days. ALA decreased the levels of malondialdehyde and nitric oxide, enhanced glutathione content, and increased the activity of catalase in the hippocampus of the rat model of AD. It also reduced the expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6, nuclear factor-kappa B, and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor subunits NR2A and NR2B mRNAs in the hippocampus, prevented the neuronal loss in the CA1 region, and enhanced the expression of alpha 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. In addition, ALA allowed A beta(1-42)-injected rats to spend less time and distance to reach the hidden platform in the Morris water maze test and to swim longer in the target quadrant. We concluded that ALA reduces the biochemical, molecular, histological, and behavioral changes caused by A beta(1-42) and it may be an effective option for treating AD.
The effects of palm oil on serum lipid profiles: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Objectives: Current guidelines recommend reducing intake of diets rich in saturated fats and replacing it with diets rich in unsaturated fats. Palm oil contains a high amount of saturated fatty acids, but its effect on serum lipid levels is unclear. The study aimed to compare the effects of palm oil consumption with other edible oils rich in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on serum lipid profiles. Methods and Study Design: We searched Medline, Embase, Cochrane Central Registry of Controlled Trials and CINAHL. Clinical trials were eligible if they compared palm oil-rich diets with diets rich in MUFAs or PUFAs. We pooled results of included studies using a random effects model and assessed the quality of the evidence and certainty of conclusions using the GRADE approach. Results: Intake of palm oil intake compared to oils rich in MUFA was associated with increased levels of total cholesterol (TC) [mean difference (MD)=0.27 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.08 to 0.45], LDL-C (MD=0.20 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.02 to 0.37) and HDL-C (MD=0.06 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.02 to 0.10). Similarly, for comparison with oils rich in PUFAs, palm oil showed increased in TC (MD=0.38 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.14 to 0.62), LDL-C (MD= 0.44 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.01 to 0.88) and HDL-C (MD=0.08 mmol/L; 95% CI 0.03 to 0.13). For both comparisons, there were no significant effects on triglycerides. Conclusions: Even though palm oil increases marginally the level of serum lipids, the evidence is mostly of low to moderate quality.
Fish Consumption: A Review of Its Effects on Metabolic and Hormonal Health; Dietary habits are a major determinant of the risk of chronic disease, particularly metabolic and endocrine disorders. Fish as a food group are a unique source of nutrients with metabolic and hormonal importance including omega-3 fatty acids, iodine, selenium, vitamin D. taurine and camitine. Fish are also a source of high quality protein and have in general low caloric density. The impact of these nutrients on cardiovascular risk has been extensively reviewed. but the impact of fish on the broader field of endocrine and metabolic health is sometimes not sufficiently appreciated. This article aimed to summarize the impact the effect of regular fish consumption on conditions like the metabolic syndrome, obesity. diabetes, hypothyroidism, polycystic ovary syndrome and the menopausal transition, which are in and of themselves significant causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The review revealed that scientific evidence from food science, translational research, epidemiologic studies and interventional trials shows that regular fish consumption has a positive impact on thyroid homeostasis, facilitates maintenance of a healthy body weight, reduces the magnitude of age-associated increases in blood pressure, improves glucose homeostasis helping prevent diabetes and the metabolic syndrome, and has a positive impact on muscle mass preservation among the elderly. These effects are mediated by multiple mechanisms, only some of which have been identified. For most of these effects it holds true that the potential benefits are more substantial when baseline fish consumption is low.
Amelioration of PM<sub>2.5</sub>-induced lung toxicity in rats by nutritional supplementation with fish oil and Vitamin E; Background: Exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) has been associated with respiratory morbidity and mortality. Identification of interventional measures that are efficacious against PM2.5-induced toxicity may provide public health benefits. This study examined the inhibitory effects of nutritional supplementation with fish oil as a source of omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin E (Vit E) on PM2.5-induced lung toxicity in rats.
Dose dependent accretion of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in cardiac membranes of rats fed egg yolk powder enriched in DHA; We tested the hypothesis that enrichment of the diet with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) enriched egg yolk powder could modify specifically the (n-3) fatty acids content of rat plasma, red blood cells and heart membranes. Dose-dependent effect of DHA was studied in rats supplemented during 4 weeks. Three groups of adult male rats, DHA10, DHA35 and DHA60 (n = 5 each), had their diet supplemented with 10 mg, 35 mg or 60 mg DHA/kg body weight/day, respectively. Fatty acid composition of membranes and plasma lipids were determined. A significant dose-dependent increase in DHA was observed in all three types of samples. Arachidonic acid (AA) levels did not change in heart and red blood cell membranes whereas it increased significantly in plasma with the DHA35 diet. These results contrast with that previously reported for fish oil supplementation where a decrease in AA levels was reported. Hence, DHA enriched egg yolk supplementation leads to a specific accretion of DHA without competition on AA status.
Switching from EPA; Cardiovascular (CV) risk may remain despite statin treatment, and there is a need to address this risk with add-on therapy. The lipid effects of two different prescription omega-3 fatty acid therapies are described in a 55-year-old statin-and niacin-treated female with severe dyslipidemia and high CV risk. The patient was initially treated with omega-3-acid ethyl esters (eicosapentaenoic acid [EPA] and docosahexaenoic acid) 4 g/day. Due to persistently elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), she was switched to icosapent ethyl (high-purity EPA ethyl ester) 4 g/day. Approximately 28 months after switching to icosapent ethyl, her LDL-C decreased by 69% to 52 mg/dL, triglycerides decreased by 35% to 119 mg/dL, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) decreased by 63% to 76 mg/dL, total cholesterol decreased by 44% to 137 mg/dL, and HDL-C increased by 45% to 61 mg/dL. Total and small dense LDL particle concentrations decreased by 60 and 59%, respectively. Treatment was well tolerated, with improvements maintained over two years.
Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) reduces crypt cell proliferation and increases apoptosis in normal colonic mucosa in subjects with a history of colorectal adenomas; Background and aims Omega-3 fatty acids in fish oil exert a protective effect on the development of colorectal cancer in animal models. Patients with colorectal adenomas have been shown to have increased crypt cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis in macroscopically normal appearing colonic mucosa. We investigated whether dietary supplementation with eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) could alter crypt cell proliferation and apoptosis in such patients.
Plasma Phospholipid Fatty Acids and Risk of Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Available evidence on the associations of dietary and circulating levels of long-chain n-3 fatty acids, which have potential antiarrhythmic properties, and other fatty acids with atrial fibrillation is conflicting and limited. We conducted a Mendelian randomization study to assess the associations between plasma phospholipid fatty acid levels and atrial fibrillation. Summary-level data of atrial fibrillation were available from 65,446 cases and 522,744 non-cases included in the Atrial Fibrillation Consortium. Sixteen single-nucleotide polymorphisms associated with ten fatty acids at significance level of p < 5 x 10(-8) were identified as instrumental variables from the hitherto largest genome-wide association studies for plasma fatty acids. The fixed-effects inverse-variance weighted method was used to assess the association of individual plasma fatty acids and atrial fibrillation risk. The random-effects inverse-variance weighted method, weighted median method, and Mendelian randomization (MR)-Egger method were employed as the sensitivity analyses. Genetic predisposition to higher levels of any of the ten individual fatty acids was not associated with atrial fibrillation risk.
FATTY ACID PROFILE OF MERO (<i>EPINEPHELUS MORIO</i>) RAW AND PROCESSED OIL CAPTURED IN THE YUCATAN PENINSULA, MEXICO; Unsaturated fatty acids are of current interest for their potential to reduce cardiovascular disease, the first cause of death worldwide. By its content of essential fatty acids, fish is one of the food products most in demand among the population. One of the most popular processes for fish consumption in Yucatan Peninsula, Mexico is frying. However, studies show that frying food causes changes in the composition generating trans fatty acids. The objective of this study was to evaluate the fatty acid profile of Mero (Epinephelus morio) crude and processed with different types of commercial oil. The results showed a fat content in raw E. morio of 1.68%. The percentage of oil extracted and absorbed by the product to be fried with corn oil, sunflower/canola, soybean and safflower was found in a range of 2.3-3.93 and 26.95-57.25%, respectively. The lipid profile obtained by GC-MS suggested the formation of trans fatty acids by isomerization and effect of temperature frying. However essential fatty acids such as oleic and linoleic acids were absorbed by E. mono being fried in sunflower oil and safflower/canola, respectively.
Influenza Vaccination of Pregnant Women and Serious Adverse Events in the Offspring; Pregnant women are increasingly considered a priority group for influenza vaccination, but the evidence in favor relies mainly on observational studies, subject to the "healthy-vaccinee bias". Propensity score methods-sometimes applied-reduce but cannot eliminate residual confounding. Meta-analyses of observational studies show relative risks far from the thresholds that would confirm the efficacy of universal vaccination for pregnant women without needing randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Critical articles have shown that in the four RCTs investigating the outcomes of this vaccination, there was a tendency towards higher offspring mortality. In the largest RCT, there was a significant excess of presumed/serious neonatal infections, and also significantly more serious adverse events. Many widely acknowledged observational results (about hormone replacing therapy, vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, etc.) were confuted by RCTs. Therefore the international drive to consider this vaccination a "standard of care" is not justified yet. Moreover, there is the risk of precluding further independent RCTs for "ethical considerations", so as "to not deny the benefits of influenza vaccinations to pregnant women of a control group". Instead, before promoting national campaigns for universal vaccination in pregnancy, further large, independent, and reassuring RCTs are needed, even braving challenging a current paradigm. Until then, influenza vaccination should be offered to pregnant women only once open information is available about the safety uncertainties, to allow truly informed choices, and promoting also other protective behaviors.
The efficacy and safety of nutrient supplements in the treatment of mental disorders: a meta-review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials; The role of nutrition in mental health is becoming increasingly acknowledged. Along with dietary intake, nutrition can also be obtained from "nutrient supplements", such as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, amino acids and pre/probiotic supplements. Recently, a large number of meta-analyses have emerged examining nutrient supplements in the treatment of mental disorders. To produce a meta-review of this top-tier evidence, we identified, synthesized and appraised all meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting on the efficacy and safety of nutrient supplements in common and severe mental disorders. Our systematic search identified 33 meta-analyses of placebo-controlled RCTs, with primary analyses including outcome data from 10,951 individuals. The strongest evidence was found for PUFAs (particularly as eicosapentaenoic acid) as an adjunctive treatment for depression. More nascent evidence suggested that PUFAs may also be beneficial for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, whereas there was no evidence for schizophrenia. Folate-based supplements were widely researched as adjunctive treatments for depression and schizophrenia, with positive effects from RCTs of high-dose methylfolate in major depressive disorder. There was emergent evidence for N-acetylcysteine as a useful adjunctive treatment in mood disorders and schizophrenia. All nutrient supplements had good safety profiles, with no evidence of serious adverse effects or contraindications with psychiatric medications. In conclusion, clinicians should be informed of the nutrient supplements with established efficacy for certain conditions (such as eicosapentaenoic acid in depression), but also made aware of those currently lacking evidentiary support. Future research should aim to determine which individuals may benefit most from evidence-based supplements, to further elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
The metabolism and role of free fatty acids in key physiological processes in insects of medical, veterinary and forensic importance; Insects are the most widespread group of organisms and more than one million species have been described. These animals have significant ecological functions, for example they are pollinators of many types of plants. However, they also have direct influence on human life in different manners. They have high medical and veterinary significance, stemming from their role as vectors of disease and infection of wounds and necrotic tissue; they are also plant pests, parasitoids and predators whose activities can influence agriculture. In addition, their use in medical treatments, such as maggot therapy of gangrene and wounds, has grown considerably. They also have many uses in forensic science to determine the minimum post-mortem interval and provide valuable information about the movement of the body, cause of the death, drug use, or poisoning. It has also been proposed that they may be used as model organisms to replace mammal systems in research. The present review describes the role of free fatty acids (FFAs) in key physiological processes in insects. By focusing on insects of medical, veterinary significance, we have limited our description of the physiological processes to those most important from the point of view of insect control; the study examines their effects on insect reproduction and resistance to the adverse effects of abiotic (low temperature) and biotic (pathogens) factors.
Red palm oil: nutritional, physiological and therapeutic roles in improving human wellbeing and quality of life; The link between dietary fats and cardiovascular disease has created a growing interest in dietary red palm oil research. Also, the link between nutrition and health, oxidative stress and the severity or progression of disease has stimulated further interest in the potential role of red palm oil (a natural antioxidant product) to improve oxidative status by reducing oxidative stress in patients with cardiovascular disease, cancer and other chronic diseases. In spite of its level of saturated fatty acid content (50%), red palm oil has not been found to promote atherosclerosis and/or arterial thrombosis. This is probably due to the ratio of its saturated fatty acid to unsaturated fatty acid content and its high concentration of antioxidants such as beta-carotene, tocotrienols, tocopherols and vitamin E. It has also been reported that the consumption of red palm oil reduces the level of endogenous cholesterol, and this seems to be due to the presence of the tocotrienols and the peculiar isomeric position of its fatty acids. The benefits of red palm oil to health include a reduction in the risk of arterial thrombosis and/or atherosclerosis, inhibition of endogenous cholesterol biosynthesis, platelet aggregation, a reduction in oxidative stress and a reduction in blood pressure. It has also been shown that dietary red palm oil, taken in moderation in animals and humans, promotes the efficient utilisation of nutrients, activates hepatic drug metabolising enzymes, facilitates the haemoglobinisation of red blood cells and improves immune function. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the nutritional, physiological and biochemical roles of red palm oil in improving wellbeing and quality of life.
Health Effects of Vitamin D Supplementation: Lessons Learned From Randomized Controlled Trials and Mendelian Randomization Studies; Vitamin D plays an important role in calcium homeostasis and many cellular processes. Although vitamin D supplements are widely recommended for community-dwelling adults, definitive data on whether these supplements benefit clinically important skeletal and extraskeletal outcomes have been conflicting. Although observational studies on effects of vitamin D on musculoskeletal and extraskeletal outcomes may be confounded by reverse causation, randomized controlled studies (RCTs) and Mendelian randomization (MR) studies can help to elucidate causation. In this review, we summarize the recent findings from large RCTs and/or MR studies of vitamin D on bone health and risk of fractures, falls, cancer, and cardiovascular disease, disorders of the immune system, multiple sclerosis, and mortality in community-dwelling adults. The primary analyses indicate that vitamin D supplementation does not decrease bone loss, fractures, falls, cancer incidence, hypertension, or cardiovascular risk in generally healthy populations. Large RCTs and meta-analyses suggest an effect of supplemental vitamin D on cancer mortality. The existence of extraskeletal benefits of vitamin D supplementations are best documented for the immune system especially in people with poor vitamin D status, autoimmune diseases, and multiple sclerosis. Accumulating evidence indicates that vitamin D may reduce all-cause mortality. These findings, in mostly vitamin D-replete populations, do not apply to older adults in residential communities or adults with vitamin D deficiency or osteoporosis. The focus of vitamin D supplementation should shift from widespread use in generally healthy populations to targeted vitamin D supplementation in select individuals, good nutritional approaches, and elimination of vitamin D deficiency globally. & COPY; 2023 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR).
NUTRITIONAL ASPECTS OF CARDIOVASCULAR PREVENTION; An outline of the points of impact of atherothrombosis on pathophysiological processes is followed by a review of nutritional trials concerning the prevention and regression of atherosclerosis. Unifactorial primary prevention studies, although favourable overall, are subject to methodological criticisms and would require far larger cohorts before conclusions can be drawn. Multifactorial primary prevention studies show evidence of efficacy proportional to the reduction in risk factors obtained. The OSLO study is the most conclusive in this respect. Secondary prevention studies concern patients with coronary disease or infarct survivors. They are extremely heterogeneous. Certain involve nutritional supplements in addition. Others, such as the Renaud study based upon a mediterranean-type diet, are spectacular. Trials of the prevention by n-3 fatty acids of restenosis after transluminal coronary angioplasty are also analysed: 5 out of 8 were effective. All studies devoted to the regression of atherosclerosis have revealed less progression or regression of the disease following nutritional measures, on the basis of both clinical and angiographic parameters. The role of nutrition in the prevention and treatment of atherothrombosis is worthy of greater consideration on a first-line basis, before being completed by drug treatment, the efficacy of which is then enhanced.
Nanomolar vitamin E α-tocotrienol inhibits glutamate-induced activation of phospholipase A<sub>2</sub> and causes neuroprotection; P>Our previous works have elucidated that the 12-lipoxygenase pathway is directly implicated in glutamate-induced neural cell death, and that such that toxicity is prevented by nM concentrations of the natural vitamin E alpha-tocotrienol (TCT). In the current study we tested the hypothesis that phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2)) activity is sensitive to glutamate and mobilizes arachidonic acid (AA), a substrate for 12-lipoxygenase. Furthermore, we examined whether TCT regulates glutamate-inducible PLA(2) activity in neural cells. Glutamate challenge induced the release of [3H]AA from HT4 neural cells. Such response was attenuated by calcium chelators (EGTA and BAPTA), cytosolic PLA(2) (cPLA(2))-specific inhibitor (AACOCF(3)) as well as TCT at 250 nM. Glutamate also caused the elevation of free polyunsaturated fatty acid (AA and docosahexaenoic acid) levels and disappearance of phospholipid-esterified AA in neural cells. Furthermore, glutamate induced a time-dependent translocation and enhanced serine phosphorylation of cPLA(2) in the cells. These effects of glutamate on fatty acid levels and on cPLA(2) were significantly attenuated by nM TCT. The observations that AACOCF(3), transient knock-down of cPLA(2) as well as TCT significantly protected against the glutamate-induced death of neural cells implicate cPLA(2) as a TCT-sensitive mediator of glutamate induced neural cell death. This work presents first evidence recognizing glutamate-induced changes in cPLA(2) as a novel mechanism responsible for neuroprotection observed in response to nanomolar concentrations of TCT.
Obesity Modifies the Relations Between Serum Markers of Dairy Fats and Inflammation and Oxidative Stress Among Adolescents; Pentadecanoic acid (15: 0) and heptadecanoic acid (17: 0), the dairy-specific saturated fatty acids have been inversely, while inflammation and oxidative stress have been positively related to the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Both fatty acid metabolism and inflammation and oxidative stress may be influenced by adiposity. In the current cross-sectional analyses among adolescents (mean age 15 years), we determined whether overweight status modified the associations between dairy fatty acids (pentadecanoic acid (15: 0) and heptadecanoic acid (17: 0)) represented in serum phospholipids (PL) and markers of inflammation and oxidative stress. Six biomarkers for inflammation and oxidative stress were analyzed, including circulating adiponectin, C-reactive protein (CRP), cytokines interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and urinary 15-keto-dihydro-PGF2 alpha (15-keto) and 8-iso-PGF2 alpha (F2-iso). Generalized linear regression analyses, adjusted for age, gender, race, tanner score, total energy intake and physical activity, revealed that PL dairy fatty acids were inversely associated with CRP, F2-iso and 15-keto in overweight, but not in normal weight adolescents (all P-interaction < 0.05). However, higher level of PL dairy fatty acids was associated with lower IL-6 among all adolescents. Further adjustment for dietary intake of calcium, vitamin D, protein, total flavonoids, and omega-3 fatty acids did not materially change the findings. Dairy-specific saturated fats, i.e., 15: 0 and 17: 0 fatty acids, may contribute to the potential health benefits of dairy products, especially for overweight adolescents.
Stearidonic acid promotes insulin secretion via stimulation of G protein coupled receptor 40 in MIN6 pancreatic β-cells; The aim of this study is to research whether stearidonic acid (SDA) has insulinotropic effect and the mechanisms. MIN6 pancreatic beta-cells were treated with SDA and effects were analyzed. Protein and mRNA expressions of G protein-coupled receptor 40 (GPR40) increased after 24-h SDA treatment, whereas there was no statistical difference of cellular SDA composition between SDA and control groups. The cytosolic Ca2 + increased in 15 s after treatment, but increment was inhibited when MIN6 cells were preincubated with U-73122 (phospholipase C inhibitor) or BAPTA-AM (Ca2 + chelator). The glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) increased after treatment, and GSIS was also inhibited by SDA plus U-73122 or BAPTA-AM. The presence of SDA antagonized palmitic acid-mediated MIN6 cells death. These findings indicate for the first time that SDA can promote GSIS in pancreatic beta-cells via stimulation of GPR40-related signaling pathway (direct effect), and via antagonistic effect on long chain saturated fatty acid-mediated impairment (indirect effect).
Changes in Fish Consumption in Midlife and the Risk of Coronary Heart Disease in Men and Women; Without data from randomized trials, the long-term effects of fish consumption on coronary heart disease (CHD) need to be inferred from observational studies. We estimated CHD risk under different hypothetical interventions on fish consumption during mid- and later life in 2 prospective US cohorts of 25,797 men in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study and 53,772 women in the Nurses Health Study. Participants provided information on risk factors and disease every 2 years and on diet every 4 years. We adjusted for baseline and time-varying risk factors for CHD by using the parametric g-formula (where g stands for generalized). We observed 1,865 incident CHD cases among men (in 19902008) and 1,891 CHD cases among women (in 19862008). The risk ratios for CHD when comparing the risk if everyone had consumed at least 2 servings of fish per week with the risk if no one consumed fish during the follow-up periods were 1.03 (95 confidence interval: 0.90, 1.15) for men and 0.87 (95 confidence interval: 0.76, 0.98) for women. Our results suggest that increasing fish consumption to at least 2 servings per week in mid- or later life may lower CHD risk in women but not in men. Our analytical approach allowed us to explicitly specify hypothetical interventions and to assess the effectiveness of dietary changes in midlife.
Reduction of Platelet Aggregation From Ingestion of Oleic and Linoleic Acids Found in <i>Vitis vinifera</i> and <i>Arachis hypogaea</i> Oils; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of the consumption of seed oils from Vitis vinifera and Arachis hypogaea in platelet aggregation. The initial hypothesis suggested that subjects who have consumed these seed oils undergo modified platelet aggregation. This study was performed using a pre-post test design, with a control group, and double blind. The effects of the consumption of grape seed and peanut oils were measured for platelet aggregation in clinical and laboratory tests in 30 healthy subjects. In addition to this group, a control group of 4 health subjects received no treatment with oils, just 500 mg oral administration acetylsalicylic acid for 7 days. Platelet aggregation was assessed by the Born turbidimetric method, using 3 different concentrations of adenosine diphosphate as agonists (2, 54; 1, 17; and 0, 58 M). The study subjects had very similar results; both oils were shown to have a significant reduction in platelet aggregation. Grape seed oil showed a decrease of 8.4 +/- 1% in aggregation, compared with peanut oil, which decreased aggregation by 10.4 +/- 1%. The control group, taking 500 mg OD aspirin for 7 days, showed a significant decrease in platelet aggregation, similar to that of oil ingestion. Each of the oils was analyzed for fatty acids, to determine which particular acids were presents in greater levels, which could explain the reduction in platelet aggregation. The oil found to be most abundant in grape seeds was linoleic acid (omega-6), and in peanuts, it was oleic acid (omega-9). However, in fact, both acids reduced platelet aggregation. Consumption of plant oils from grape seeds and peanuts had a lowering effect on platelet aggregation, in addition to containing a high content of unsaturated fatty acids. However, omega-3, omega-6, and omega-9 fatty acids were not specifically responsible for the reductions mentioned above.
Intakes of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish in relation to measurements of subclinical atherosclerosis; Background: Data on the relations of different types of fish meals and long- chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to measures of atherosclerosis are sparse.
Implications of serial coronary computed tomography angiography in the evaluation of coronary plaque progression; Purpose of review
Effect of Dietary Linoleic Acid on Markers of Inflammation in Healthy Persons: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; The majority of evidence suggests that n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including linoleic acid (LA), reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease as reflected by current dietary recommendations. However, concern has been expressed that a high intake of dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid contributes to excess chronic inflammation, primarily by prompting the synthesis of proinflammatory eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid and/or inhibiting the synthesis of anti-inflammatory eicosanoids from eicosapentaenoic and/or docosahexaenoic acids. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials that permitted the assessment of dietary LA on biologic markers of chronic inflammation among healthy noninfant populations was conducted to examine this concern. A search of the English- and non English-language literature using MEDLINE, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and EMBASE was conducted to identify relevant articles. Fifteen studies (eight parallel and seven crossover) met inclusion criteria. None of the studies reported significant findings for a wide variety of inflammatory markers, including C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1, cytokines, soluble vascular adhesion molecules, or tumor necrosis factor-alpha. The only significant outcome measures reported for higher LA intakes were greater excretion of prostaglandin E2 and lower excretion of 2,3-dinor-thromboxane B-2 in one study and higher excretion of tetranorprostanedioic acid in another. However, the authors of those studies both observed that these effects were not an indication of increased inflammation. We conclude that virtually no evidence is available from randomized, controlled intervention studies among healthy, noninfant human beings to show that addition of LA to the diet increases the concentration of inflammatory markers. Acad Nutr Diet. 2012;112:1029-1041.
Dietary fish oil dose- and time-response effects on cardiac phospholipid fatty acid composition; Fish consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality, and elevated myocardial long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) content is implicated in this cardioprotection. This study examined the dose and time responses for incorporation of n-3 PUFA into cellular membranes in rats fed fish oil (FO)-containing diets. For the time course study, rats were fed a 10% FO diet for periods ranging from 0 to 42 d, after which myocardial and erythrocyte membrane fatty acid composition was determined. For the dose response study, rats (n = 3) were fed 0, 1.25, 2.5, 5, or 10% FO for 4 wk, with myocardial, erythrocyte, and skeletal muscle membrane FA determined. Myocardial DHA (22:6n-3) levels doubled in 2 d, stabilizing at levels similar to200% higher than control after 28 d feeding with 10% FO. By comparison, DHA levels doubled after 4 wk of 1.25% FO feeding. In myocardium and skeletal muscle, EPA (20:5n-3) levels remained low, but in erythrocytes EPA levels reached 50% of DHA levels. The n-3 PUFA were incorporated at the expense of n-6 PUFA in myocardium and skeletal muscle, whereas erythrocytes maintained arachidonic acid levels, and total n-3 PUFA incorporation was lower. This study shows that low doses of FO produce marked changes in myocardial DHA levels; maximal incorporation takes up to 28 d to occur; and while erythrocytes are a good indicator of tissue n-3 incorporation in stable diets, they vary greatly in their time course and pattern of incorporation.
ER stress and impaired autophagy flux in neuronal degeneration and brain injury; Autophagy is a highly controlled lysosome-mediated function in eukaryotic cells to eliminate damaged or aged long-lived proteins and organelles. It is required for restoring cellular homeostasis in cell survival under multiple stresses. Autophagy is known to be a double-edged sword because too much activation or inhibition of autophagy can disrupt homeostatic degradation of protein and organelles within the brain and play a role in neuronal cell death. Many factors affect autophagy flux function in the brain, including endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, oxidative stress, and aging. Newly emerged research indicates that altered autophagy flux functionality is involved in neurodegeneration of the aged brain, chronic neurological diseases, and after traumatic and ischemic brain injuries. In search to identify neuroprotective agents that may reduce oxidative stress and stimulate autophagy, one particular neuroprotective agent docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) presents unique functions in reducing ER and oxidative stress and modulating autophagy. This review will summarize the recent findings on changes of autophagy in aging, neurodegenerative diseases, and brain injury after trauma or ischemic strokes. Discussion of DHA functions is focused on modulating ER stress and autophagy in regard to its neuroprotection and anti-tumor functions. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of bread containing stable fish oil on plasma phospholipid fatty acids, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and malondialdehyde in subjects with hyperlipidemia; To investigate the effects of daily intake of a small amount of fish oil in bread, 36 subjects with hyperlipidemia were randomly divided into three groups: stable fish oil with oat fibre, control with oat fibre and control with wheat fibre. Phospholipid fatty acids, triglycerides, cholesterol and malondialdehyde (MDA) were measured. Plasma levels of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid and total omega-3 fatty acids were increased after 2 and 4 weeks of daily intake of 93 g bread containing 1.3 g stable fish oil. Triglycerides were decreased and HDL-cholesterol increased after intake of the bread containing stable fish oil. No significant changes occurred in the control groups. Intake of the bread containing stable fish oil did not induce any signs of lipid peroxidation; on the contrary, plasma MDA values were slightly decreased after intake of all types of bread. This study showed that in subjects with hyperlipidemia intake of bread containing a small amount of fish oil results in a significant increase in omega-3 fatty acids, an increase in HDL-cholesterol, and a decrease in triglycerides and MDA, which may reduce the risk of ischemic heart disease. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
OPTIMISATION OF ENZYMATIC DIRECTED INTERESTERIFICATION OF PALM OIL FOR HIGH YIELD OF TRIUNSATURATED TRIACYLGLYCEROL USING RESPONSE SURFACE METHODOLOGY; Unsaturated fatty acids (USAFA), especially monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), has been shown to provide substantial health benefits. This study attempted to increase the triunsaturated (U-3) triacylglycerols (TAG) content in palm oil (PO) via lipase-catalysed directed interesterification (EDIE), to enable the production of a liquid fraction that is high in USAFA, especially MUFA. A response surface methodology with three factors and five levels in a central composite design was employed for optimisation of the EDIE conditions for the U-3 TAG production. The effects of reaction temperature (20 degrees C-50 degrees C), reaction time (12-28 hr) and enzyme load (2%-18%) on the U-3 TAG and by-products yields were investigated. Well-fitted quadratic and linear models were successfully established for both responses. All processing conditions affected significantly (p<0.05) U-3 TAG yield. By-products yield was affected by reaction time and temperature. Although increasing reaction temperature and enzyme load, and extending the reaction time resulted in a higher U-3 TAG yield, a higher amount of by-products were formed as well. The optimised processing conditions were a reaction temperature of 30 degrees C and reaction time of 18 hr, when immobilised lipase enzyme load was set at 10% (w/w), and resulted in yields of about 27% of U-3 TAG and 23% of by-products.
Targeting ferroptosis: Paving new roads for drug design and discovery; Ferroptosis, first proposed in 2012, is an iron-dependent form of regulated cell death characterized by excessive polyunsaturated fatty acid oxidation. In the past decade, researchers have revealed the formation and mechanisms of ferroptosis. Cancer drug resistance can be reversed by ferroptosis induction, and inhibiting ferroptosis has been shown to block certain disease processes. As a result, several ferroptosis-targeting drugs have been developed. However, the first-generation ferroptosis-targeting agents remain hampered from clinical use, mainly due to poor selectivity and pharmacokinetics. The discoveries of FSP1, GCH1, and other potential ferroptosis-regulating pathways independent of Xc(-)-GSH-GPX4 provide novel targets for drug design. Recently, protein-targeted degradation and antibody-drug conjugate strategy show promise in future drug design. With novel targets, further optimizations, and new technologies, the next-generation ferroptosis-targeting agents show a promising future with improved selectivity and efficacy. In this review, we summarize mechanisms, target types, drug design, and novel technologies of ferroptosis, aiming to pave the way for future drug design and discovery in the next decade.
Ferroptosis, trophoblast lipotoxic damage, and adverse pregnancy outcome; Programmed cell death is a central process in the control of tissue development, organismal physiology, and disease. Ferroptosis is a recently identified form of programmed cell death that is uniquely defined by redox-active iron-dependent hydroxy-peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-containing phospholipids and a loss of lipid peroxidation repair capacity. This distinctive form of lipotoxic cell death has been recently implicated in multiple human diseases, spanning ischemia-reperfusion heart injury, brain damage, acute kidney injury, cancer, and asthma. Intriguingly, settings that have been associated with ferroptosis are linked to placental physiology and trophoblast injury. Such circumstances include hypoxia-reperfusion during placental development, physiological uterine contractions or pathological changes in placental bed perfusion, the abundance of trophoblastic iron, evidence for lipotoxicity during the pathophysiology of major placental disorders such as preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and preterm birth, and reduced glutathione peroxidation capacity and lipid peroxidation repair during placental injury. We recently interrogated placental ferroptosis in placental dysfunction in human and mouse pregnancy, dissected its relevance to placental injury, and validated the role of glutathione peroxidase-4 in guarding placental trophoblasts against ferroptotic injury. We also uncovered a role for the phospholipase PLA2G6 (PNPLA9) in attenuating trophoblast ferroptosis. Here, we summarize current data on trophoblast ferroptosis, and the role of several proteins and microRNAs as regulators of this process. Our text offers insights into new opportunities for regulating ferroptosis as a means for protecting placental trophoblasts against lipotoxic injury.
A pilot open case series of Ethyl-EPA supplementation in the treatment of anorexia nervosa; Anorexia nervosa (AN) carries the highest risk of morbidity and mortality amongst psychiatric disorders. The efficacy of current treatment approaches is limited. Despite the fat-phobic nature of the disease, poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have not received much research attention. Patients who consume western diet, which is rich in n-6 PUFAs and trans-fatty acids, are likely to develop severe n-3 PUFA deficiency during self-induced starvation. Re-feeding programmes do not take into consideration n-3 EFA intake, possibly leading to further n-3 PUFA deficiency during weight restoration, and this might contribute to the maintenance of the disorder. To test this hypothesis, we carried out a systematic case series of E-EPA supplementation in the treatment of AN. Seven young patients received I g/day E-EPA in addition to standard treatment, and were followed up for 3 months. Three of them recovered and four improved. Randomised controlled trials are warranted to examine the effectiveness of E-EPA in AN further. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Protective Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid for Stress-induced Accelerated Senescence in Vascular Endothelial Cells; Background: Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) is an omega-3 fatty acid that protects against cardiovascular diseases in patients with hypertriglyceridemia and may have pleotropic effects beyond lowering triglycerides. Many degenerative diseases, such as atherosclerosis and diabetes, are related to cellular senescence as a pathophysiological mechanism. We aimed to examine whether EPA could protect vascular endothelial cells under stress conditions against stress-induced accelerated senescence (SIAS).Methods: Cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were exposed to H2O2as oxidative stress and a high glucose concentration with palmitate as a glucolipotoxic condition. Changes in cell viability, apoptosis, lactate dehydrogenase release, and cell cycle analysis were measured by cell counting kit-8 assay, annexin V/ propidium iodide staining, and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, respectively. EPA was applied in stress conditions. The degree of senescence was measured by senescence-associated beta-galactosidase staining and p16 staining using immunofluorescence. Apoptosis and cellular senescence-related proteins were measured by Western blotting.Results: Cultured HUVECs under oxidative and glucolipotoxic stresses revealed accelerated senescence and increased apoptosis. These changes were markedly reversed by EPA administration, and the expressions of apoptosis and cellular senescence-related proteins were reversed by EPA treatment.Conclusion: EPA effectively protects HUVECs against SIAS, which may be one of its pleotrophic effects.
Current Treatment of Dyslipidemia: Evolving Roles of Non-Statin and Newer Drugs; Since their introduction, statin (HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor) drugs have advanced the practice of cardiology to unparalleled levels. Even so, coronary heart disease (CHD) still remains the leading cause of death in developed countries, and is predicted to soon dominate the causes of global mortality and disability as well. The currently available non-statin drugs have had limited success in reversing the burden of heart disease, but new information suggests they have roles in sizeable sub-populations of those affected. In this review, the status of approved non-statin drugs and the significant potential of newer drugs are discussed. Several different ways to raise plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (HDL-C) levels have been proposed, but disappointments are now in large part attributed to a preoccupation with HDL quantity, rather than quality, which is more important in cardiovascular (CV) protection. Niacin, an old drug with many antiatherogenic properties, was re-evaluated in two imperfect randomized controlled trials (RCTs), and failed to demonstrate clear effectiveness or safety. Fibrates, also with an attractive antiatherosclerotic profile and classically used for hypertriglyceridemia, lacks evidence-based proof of efficacy, save for a subgroup of diabetic patients with atherogenic dyslipidemia. Omega-3 fatty acids fall into this category as well, even with an impressive epidemiological evidence base. Omega-3 research has been plagued with methodological difficulties yielding tepid, uncertain, and conflicting results; well-designed studies over longer periods of time are needed. Addition of ezetimibe to statin therapy has now been shown to decrease levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (LDL-C), accompanied by a modest decrease in the number of CV events, though without any improvement in CV mortality. Importantly, the latest data provide crucial evidence that LDL lowering is central to the management of CV disease. Of drugs that inhibit cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) tested thus far, two have failed and two remain under investigation and may yet prove to be valuable therapeutic agents. Monoclonal antibodies to proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, now in phase III trials, lower LDL-C by over 50 % and are most promising. These drugs offer new ability to lower LDL-C in patients in whom statin drug use is, for one reason or another, limited or insufficient. Mipomersen and lomitapide have been approved for use in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia, a more common disease than appreciated. Anti-inflammatory drugs are finally receiving due attention in trials to elucidate potential clinical usefulness. All told, even though statins remain the standard of care, non-statin drugs are poised to assume a new, vital role in managing dyslipidemia.
New therapeutic strategies in ARDS; Treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) has been subject to many researches, sometimes leading to intense controversy. New findings in this field are varied. Effects on prognosis of commonly used treatments for ARDS have recently been investigated. Consistently, prone position, previously known to improve oxygenation without effect on mortality, has been shown to improve survival of the most severely hypoxemic patients. Administration of neuromuscular blocking agents in the acute phase of ARDS has been also shown to be beneficial on survival. In contrast, the exact place of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) in ARDS management remains to be defined despite data suggesting its possible efficiency. In addition, a new era of research has emerged with the advent of cell therapy. Mesenchymal stem cells are able to both promote alveolar epithelium repair and prevent infections. Their efficacy in animal models of ARDS still needs to be confirmed by clinical trials. Finally, other promising therapies including beta-2 adrenergic agonists and omega-3 fatty acids have shown significant limitations in large clinical studies on ARDS.
Regulation of apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins by vitamin C level and dietary fat saturation in guinea pigs; Effects of suboptimal and adequate vitamin C, with varying dietary fat saturation, on hepatic cholesterol and plasma lipoprotein concentrations and metabolism were studied in guinea pigs fed 15% (wt/wt) fat/0.04% cholesterol diets. Fat mixtures were either 49% saturated (SFA) (24% lauric acid) or 53% polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) linoleic acid with vitamin C at 50 (suboptimal) or 500 (adequate) mg/kg diet. Guinea pigs fed suboptimal vitamin C had 15% lower hepatic active 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase activity and 25% lower low-density lipoprotein (LDL; apolipoprotein [apo] B/E) receptor number, 20% higher acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase (ACAT) activity, 28% higher triacylglycerol (TAG) and cholesteryl ester concentrations, and increased very-low-density lipopoprotein (VLDL) apo B secretion rates in comparison to animals fed adequate vitamin C. Intake of: suboptimal vitamin C lowered plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations by 45% and increased plasma TAG, total and VLDL/LDL cholesterol, and cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) activity by 40%, 50%, and 30%, respectively. The hyperlipidemic effects of suboptimal vitamin C were more pronounced with intake of the SFA diet. These data demonstrate that low vitamin C intake results in a pattern of changes in whole-body cholesterol and lipoprotein metabolism that are related to increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), Copyright (C) 1998 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Dietary Fat Intake and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome in Korean Adults; Background: The effect of dietary fat intake on the risk of cardiovascular disease remains unclear. We investigated the association between dietary fat and specific types of fat intake and the risk of metabolic syndrome.
Obesity, Dietary Factors, Nutrition, and Breast Cancer Risk; Purpose of Review To synthesize the critical role of obesity-associated inflammation, dietary factors, and nutrition in determining breast cancer risk.
The Biosynthesis of Enzymatically Oxidized Lipids; Enzymatically oxidized lipids are a specific group of biomolecules that function as key signaling mediators and hormones, regulating various cellular and physiological processes from metabolism and cell death to inflammation and the immune response. They are broadly categorized as either polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) containing (free acid oxygenated PUFA "oxylipins", endocannabinoids, oxidized phospholipids) or cholesterol derivatives (oxysterols, steroid hormones, and bile acids). Their biosynthesis is accomplished by families of enzymes that include lipoxygenases (LOX), cyclooxygenases (COX), cytochrome P450s (CYP), and aldo-keto reductases (AKR). In contrast, non-enzymatically oxidized lipids are produced by uncontrolled oxidation and are broadly considered to be harmful. Here, we provide an overview of the biochemistry and enzymology of LOXs, COXs, CYPs, and AKRs in humans. Next, we present biosynthetic pathways for oxylipins, oxidized phospholipids, oxysterols, bile acids and steroid hormones. Last, we address gaps in knowledge and suggest directions for future work.
Docosahexaenoic acid alters bilayer elastic properties; At low micromolar concentrations, polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) alter the function of many membrane proteins. PUFAs exert their effects on unrelated proteins at similar concentrations, suggesting a common mode of action. Because lipid bilayers serve as the common "solvent" for membrane proteins, the common mechanism could be that PUFAs adsorb to the bilayer/solution interface to promote a negative-going change in lipid intrinsic curvature and, like other reversibly adsorbing amphiphiles, increase bilayer elasticity. PUFA adsorption thus would alter the bilayer deformation energy associated with protein conformational changes involving the protein/bilayer boundary, which would alter protein function. To explore the feasibility of such a mechanism, we used gramicidin (gA) analogues of different lengths together with bilayers of different thicknesses to assess whether docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) could exert its effects through a bilayer-mediated mechanism. Indeed, DHA increases gA channel appearance rates and lifetimes and decreases the free energy of channel formation. The appearance rate and lifetime changes increase with increasing channel-bilayer hydrophobic mismatch and are not related to differing DHA bilayer absorption coefficients. DHA thus alters bilayer elastic properties, not just lipid intrinsic curvature; the elasticity changes are important for DHA's bilayer-modifying actions. Oleic acid (OA), which has little effect on membrane protein function, exerts no such effects despite OA's adsorption coefficient being an order of magnitude greater than DHA's. These results suggest that DHA (and other PUFAs) may modulate membrane protein function by bilayer-mediated mechanisms that do not involve specific protein binding but rather changes in bilayer material properties.
Aerobic Physical Activity and a Low Glycemic Diet Reduce the AA/EPA Ratio in Red Blood Cell Membranes of Patients with NAFLD; Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFAs), through the eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid (AA), are able to modulate the inflammatory processes, whereas omega-3 PUFAs, such as eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), exert anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. An unbalanced AA/EPA ratio in favor of AA leads to the development of different metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of different diets, alone and in combination with two physical activity programs, on the AA/EPA ratio value in erythrocyte membranes of patients with NAFLD. One hundred forty-two subjects with NAFLD were enrolled in the study and randomized into six treatment groups. AA/EPA ratio was significantly reduced after 90 days of treatment with only a program of aerobic activity. However, it appears that the combination of physical activity and a Low Glycemic Index Mediterranean Diet (LGIMD) was more efficacious in reducing AA/EPA levels, at 45 days of treatment, even if this effect was not maintained over time. The combined effect of diet and physical activity reduced the AA/EPA ratio value improving the score of steatosis. Dietary intake of omega-3 PUFAs, in association with a healthy lifestyle, may be used in the prevention protocols for many chronic diseases, including NAFLD.
Arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase promoter genotype, dietary arachidonic acid, and atherosclerosis; BACKGROUND:
Pro-resolving lipid mediators in vascular disease; Unresolved inflammation is central to the pathophysiology of commonly occurring vascular diseases such as atherosclerosis, aneurysm, and deep vein thrombosis - conditions that are responsible for considerable morbidity and mortality. Surgical or catheter-based procedures performed on affected blood vessels induce acute-on-chronic inflammatory responses. The resolution of vascular inflammation is an important driver of vessel wall remodeling and functional recovery in these clinical settings. Specialized pro-resolving lipid mediators (SPMs) derived from omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids orchestrate key cellular processes driving resolution and a return to homeostasis. The identification of their potent effects in classic animal models of sterile inflammation triggered interest in their vascular properties. Recent studies have demonstrated that SPMs are locally synthesized in vascular tissues, have direct effects on vascular cells and their interactions with leukocytes, and play a protective role in the injury response. Early translational work has established the potential for SPMs as vascular therapeutics, and as candidate biomarkers in vascular disease. Further investigations are needed to understand the molecular and cellular mechanisms of resolution in the vasculature, to improve tools for clinical measurement, and to better define the potential for "resolution therapeutics" in vascular patients.
Whey protein hydrolysate alleviated atherosclerosis and hepatic steatosis by regulating lipid metabolism in apoE<SUP>-/-</SUP> mice fed a Western diet; Whey protein hydrolysate (WPH) has been proved to possess various biological activities associated with the amelioration of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The objective of this study was to investigate the anti atherosclerotic and hepatoprotective effects of WPH on apolipoprotein E knockout (apoE(-/-)) mice fed with a Western diet for 15 weeks. Results revealed that WPH markedly inhibited the development of atherosclerotic lesions in the aorta and steatosis injury in the liver. The serum lipid and inflammation levels were both reduced after WPH supplemented in apoE(-/-)mice. In addition, WPH inhibited the lipid accumulation in the liver, thereby decreasing the hepatic inflammation level and oxidative stress injury. Mechanism investigation revealed that WPH down-regulated the expression of cholesterol biosynthesis genes while up-regulated the expression of cholesterol uptake and excretion genes in the liver. Meanwhile, the de novo lipogenesis was inhibited while the fatty acids beta-oxidation was activated in the liver by WPH supplementation. Notably, the n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)/n-6 PUFA ratio in serum and liver of the WPH-H group were 2.69-fold (p < 0.01) and 3.64-fold (p < 0.01) higher than that of the Model group. Collectively, our results proved WPH possesses potent anti atherosclerotic and hepatoprotective activities and has the potential to be used as a novel functional ingredient for the management of CVD.
(n-3) long chain PUFA dose-dependently increase oxygen utilization efficiency and inhibit arrhythmias after saturated fat feeding in rats; Fish oil (FO) modifies cardiac membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition to confer increased efficiency of oxygen utilization and antiarrhythmic effects. We tested the capacity of low-dose increments of FO, rich in (n-3) PUFA, to reverse the detrimental pro-arrhythmic and inefficient oxygen usage effects of dietary saturated fat (SAT) [including high ratio of (n-6) PUFA:(n-3) PUFA] during ischemia and reperfusion. Wistar rats were fed an SAT-enriched diet (15.3% fat, including 12% SAT, added by weight) for 6 wk and were then divided into 4 groups in = 10/group) fed that diet or a 12% fat diet containing 3, 6, or 12% FO in place of SAT for 6 wk. Paced (300/min), erythrocyte-perfused isolated working hearts were subjected to low coronary flow ischermia (15 min) and were then reperfused. At normoxic baseline, external work capacity increased marginally at 6 and 12% FO, however, marked dose-related reductions in oxygen consumption were evident due to FO-dependent reduction in oxygen-energy utilization efficiency and associated reductions in coronary flow and oxygen extraction. Postischemic recovery resulted in lower oxygen consumption, greater oxygen-energy utilization efficiency, reduced coronary release of creatine kinase, and reduced incidence of arrhythmias in all FO groups compared with the SAT group. FO at a dose as low as 3% of total fat dietary supplement effectively reversed the high oxygen requirements and pro-arrhythmic effects of a SAT-rich diet even with continued consumption of SAT (9%) in this ex vivo animal model.
Anti-tumor activities of lipids and lipid analogues and their development as potential anticancer drugs; Lipids have the potential for development as anticancer agents. Endogenous membrane lipids, such as ceramides and certain saturated fatty acids, have been found to modulate the viability of tumor cells. In addition, many tumors over-express cyclooxygenase, lipoxygenase or cytochrome P450 enzymes that mediate the biotransformation of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) to potent eicosanoid regulators of tumor cell proliferation and cell death. In contrast, several analogous products from the biotransformation of omega-3 PUFAs impair particular tumorigenic pathways. For example, the omega-3 17,18-epoxide of eicosapentaenoic acid activates antiproliferative and proapoptotic signaling cascades in tumor cells and the lipoxygenase-derived resolvins are effective inhibitors of inflammatory pathways that may drive tumor expansion. However, the development of potential anti-cancer drugs based on these molecules is complex, with in vivo stability a major issue. Nevertheless, recent successes with the antitumor alkyl phospholipids, which are synthetic analogues of naturallyoccurring membrane phospholipid esters, have provided the impetus for development of further molecules. The alkyl phospholipids have been tested against a range of cancers and show considerable activity against skin cancers and certain leukemias. Very recently, it has been shown that combination strategies, in which alkyl phospholipids are used in conjunction with established anticancer agents, are promising new therapeutic approaches. In future, the evaluation of new lipid-based molecules in single-agent and combination treatments may also be assessed. This could provide a range of important treatment options in the management of advanced and metastatic cancer. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparative antioxidant and analgesic effect of sesame oil, fish oil and their combination in experimental animal model; Natural oils are rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFs) like omega 3, omega 6 and other nutrients that boost physical and mental health. Traditionally these oils have been used to treat joint pain associated with several inflammatory conditions. In this study, we investigated the antioxidant and analgesic properties of the sesame oil (SO), fish oil (FO) and combination of these two oils (SO+FO). Different concentrations of the SO, FO and SO+FO combination 0.02-4mg/ml were used for assessing the free radical scavenging activity by DPPH method and the IC50 value was calculated. Acetic acid-induced abdominal writhing test, tail immersion and hot plate models were used to determined analgesic effect. Results showed that both oils were well tolerated as no signs of toxicity or death were noticed during the observational study period. SO+FO combination showed the best antioxidant properties as shown by DPPH assay. Similarly in analgesic models, SO and FO significantly reduced the number of abdominal contractions (p<0.05) however, SO+FO (1:1) exhibited highly significant results (p<0.001) in writhing reflex test. Furthermore, SO and FO both increased the reaction time on a hot plate as well as in tail flick test (p<0.05) whereas, SO+FO significantly increased reaction time (p<0.001) in hot plate and in tail flick test as compared to SO and FO single treatments. Conclusively, our results suggest that the combination of both oils (SO+FO) exhibited significant antioxidant and analgesic potential that it could be considered as one of the active combinations for relieving pain in adjunctive treatment for joint pain associated with rheumatoid arthritis.
A review of interventions against fetal alcohol spectrum disorder targeting oxidative stress; Introduction: Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder is caused by maternal ethanol exposure; it causes physical, behavioral, cognitive, and neural impairments (Murawski et al., 2015). Mechanisms of FASD causing damage are not yet fully elucidated. Oxidative stress might be one of its mechanisms (Henderson et al., 1995). Yet no effective treatment against FASD has been found other than ethanol abstention (Long et al., 2010).
Association of childhood food consumption and dietary pattern with cardiometabolic risk factors and metabolomics in late adolescence: prospective evidence from 'Children of 1997' birth cohort; Background Healthy diet might protect against cardiometabolic diseases, but uncertainty exists about its definition and role in adolescence.
Expanding the docosahexaenoic acid food web for sustainable production: engineering lower plant pathways into higher plants; Background Algae are becoming an increasingly important component of land plant metabolic engineering projects. Land plants and algae have similar enough genetics to allow relatively straightforward gene transfer and they also share enough metabolic similarities that algal enzymes often function in a plant cell environment. Understanding metabolic systems in algae can provide insights into homologous systems in land plants. As examples, algal models are currently being used by several groups to better understand starch and lipid metabolism and catabolism, fields which have relevance in land plants. Importantly, land plants and algae also have enough metabolic divergence that algal genes can often provide new metabolic traits to plants. Furthermore, many algal genomes have now been sequenced, with many more in progress, and this easy access to genome-wide information has revealed that algal genomes are often relatively simple when compared with plants.
Measurement of lipid composition in human skeletal muscle and adipose tissue with <SUP>1</SUP>H-MRS homonuclear spectral editing; PurposeAccumulation of triglycerides in nonadipose tissue (e.g. ectopic lipids) is characteristic of metabolic derangements and is linked to insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. Although the detrimental effects of the total amount of ectopic fat has been established, the role of composition of the ectopic lipid stores is unknown. In this study we used proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (H-1-MRS) homonuclear spectral editing to characterize lipid stores in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle at 4T.
Effectiveness of Combination Therapy With Statin and Another Lipid-Modifying Agent Compared With Intensified Statin Monotherapy A Systematic Review; Background: Some patients do not tolerate or respond to high-intensity statin monotherapy. Lower-intensity statin combined with nonstatin medication may be an alternative, but the benefits and risks compared with those of higher-intensity statin monotherapy are unclear.
Dietary fish oil supplementation adversely affects cortical bone morphology and biomechanics in growing rabbits; Despite substantial evidence that fish oil-derived (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) may protect against cardiovascular disease, the effects of supplements containing (n-3) PUFA on the skeletal system are unknown. Here we investigated how a diet supplemented with 10 g/100 g fish oil affected tibial cortical morphology and mechanical propel-ties in weanling rabbits. Rabbits were subdivided into a normal control (n = 10), a fish oil (n = 20), and a pair-fed (n = 20) group. The pair-fed group was energy restricted to match average body mass of the fish oil group. At completion of the 40 day dietary intervention, control rabbits were significantly heavier than the other two groups. Comparison between control and pair-fed rabbits revealed that energy restriction alone (30%) did not induce significant changes in tibial middiaphyseal morphology, but tibial longitudinal growth was significantly impaired. Most tibial mechanical properties were significantly degraded by energy restriction. Fish oil-supplemented rabbits had significantly smaller middiaphyseal areal properties and shorter tibiae than pair-fed rabbits. Tibial structural properties were significantly reduced in fish oil-fed rabbits, but tibial stress at the proportional limit (material property) was not significantly affected. Our data suggest that 10% fish oil supplementation in the presence of modest vitamin E supplementation can have detrimental effects on the skeleton of rapidly growing rabbits.
CARDIOPROTECTIVE EFFECTS OF PHYTOSTEROLS; Foods and nutrients play a vital role in normal functioning of the body. They are helpful in maintaining the health of the individual and in reducing the risk of various diseases. Worldwide acceptance of this fact formed a recognition link between "nutrition" and "health" and the concept of "nutraceuticals" has evolved. More than any other disease, the etiology of cardiovascular disease reveals many risk factors that are amenable to nutraceutical intervention. The scientific literature shows that there are several bioactive ingredients that are present in small amounts in plants that can affect mammalian biological processes relevant to cardiovascular disease and other common human diseases. The ability of bioactive ingredients to positively influence cardiovascular risk factors should be recognized as an enormous opportunity in the treatment of a highly prevalent disease. Nutraceuticals hold promise in clinical therapy as they have the potential to significantly reduce the risk of side effects associated with drugs and pills along with reducing the global health care cost. Common ingredients that have been studied include soluble fiber (from oats and psyllium); long-chain omega-3 fatty acids; plant sterols or phytosterols; polyphenols (from dark chocolate, red wine, green tea, or extravirgin olive oil); isoflavones from soy; Chinese red-yeast rice; and probiotics from dairy products. Amongst this vast array of bioactives, there is emerging evidence indicating role of phytosterols in mitigating risk of cardiovascular disease and promoting general health and well-being. Phytosterols are cholesterol- like molecules found in all plant foods. They are absorbed only in trace amounts but inhibit the absorption of intestinal cholesterol including recirculating endogenous biliary cholesterol, a key step in cholesterol elimination. In this review, an attempt has been made to summarize some of the recent research findings on phytosterols that have beneficial effects on the heart, in order to update the practicing clinician on the benefit of using phytosterols for the management of cardiovascular diseases.
Associations of birth weight with serum long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in adolescents; the HELENA study; Objectives: Nutritional factors in early life may have long-term physiologic effects in humans. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) play important roles in protecting against cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Our aim was to examine the association of birth weight (BW) with serum long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) profile in adolescents.
The Effect of Combined Diet Containing n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids and Silymarin on Metabolic Syndrome in Rats; The risk of development of metabolic syndrome can be increased by hypertriglyceridemia. A search for effective therapy is a subject of considerable attention. Therefore, our hypothesis is that the fish oil (containing polyunsaturated fatty acids; n-3 PUFA) in a combination with silymarin can more effectively protect against hypertriglyceridemia-induced metabolic disturbances. The study was conducted using a unique non-obese strain of rats with hereditary hypertriglyceridemia an accepted model of metabolic syndrome. Adult male rats were treated with n-3 PUFA (300 mg/kg/day) without or with 1 % micronized silymarin in a diet for 4 weeks. The treatment with the diet containing n-3 PUFA and silymarin significantly reduced concentrations of serum triglycerides (-45 %), total cholesterol (-18 %), non-esterified fatty acids (-33 %), and ectopic lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle (-35 %) compared to controls. In addition, an increase in Abcg5 and Abcg8 mRNA expression (as genes affecting lipid homeostasis) as well as in protein content of ABCG5 (+78 %) and ABCG8 (+232 %) transporters have been determined in the liver of treated rats. Our findings suggest that this combined diet could be used in the prevention of hypertriglyceridemia-induced metabolic disorders.
CLA content and fatty acid composition of Greek Feta and hard cheeses; The CLA concentrations and fatty acid composition of Feta cheese and other Greek cheeses were determined. Greek cheese contains up to 1.9% CLA, with an average of 0.8% of their fat. Greek cheeses derive from sheep and/or goat milk and this is obviously the main reason for the relatively high content of CLA. No relationship was found between the CLA content of cheese and the linoleic acid content, or any other polyunsaturated fatty acid. Additionally, the cheese consumption in Greece is compared with the consumption in other countries of the European Union (EU) and was examined for its relation with mammary cancer figures in the EU. Greece has the lowest percent of breast cancer deaths and the highest cheese consumption among EU countries. This is a first indication that cheese consumption has beneficial effects in mammary cancer protection. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase-Derived Linoleic Acid Oxylipins in Serum Are Associated with Periventricular White Matter Hyperintensities and Vascular Cognitive Impairment; White matter hyperintensities (WMH) are presumed to indicate subcortical ischemic vascular disease but their underlying pathobiology remains incompletely understood. The soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) enzyme converts anti-inflammatory and vasoactive cytochrome p450-derived polyunsaturated fatty acid epoxides into their less active corresponding diol species. Under the hypothesis that the activity of sEH might be associated with subcortical ischemic vascular disease and vascular cognitive impairment, this study aimed to compare the relative abundance of sEH substrates and products in peripheral blood between patients with extensive WMH (discovered due to transient ischemic attack; n = 29) and healthy elderly with minimal WMH (n = 25). The concentration of 12,13-DiHOME (a sEH-derived linoleic acid metabolite), and the ratio of 12,13-DiHOME to its sEH substrate, 12,13-EpOME, were elevated in the extensive WMH group (F-1,F-53 = 5.9, p = 0.019), as was the 9,10-DiHOME/9,10-EpOME ratio (F-1,F-53 = 5.4, p = 0.024). The 12,13-DiHOME/12,13-EpOME ratio was associated with poorer performance on a composite score derived from tests of psychomotor processing speed, attention, and executive function (beta = - 0.473, p = 0.001, adjusted r(2) = 0.213), but not with a composite verbal memory score. In a mediation model, periventricular WMH (but not deep WMH), explained 37% of the effect of the 12,13-DiHOME/12,13-EpOME ratio on the speed/attention/executive function composite score (indirect effect = - 0.50, 95% bootstrap confidence interval [- 0.99, - 0.17] Z-score units). Serum oxylipin changes consistent with higher sEH activity were markers of vascular cognitive impairment, and this association was partly explained by injury to the periventricular subcortical white matter.
Dietary fat intake and metabolic syndrome in adults: A systematic review; Background and aims: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of coexisting cardiovascular risk factors. The role of specific dietary fats was reemphasized by dietary recommendations. This systematic review aims to assess evidence for the effect of dietary fat intake on MetS occurrence and reversion in adults.
Epigenetic approach in obesity: DNA methylation in a prepubertal population which underwent a lifestyle modification; Background Metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) is a considerably controversial concept as it is considered a transitory condition towards the development of different pathologies (type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, or cardiovascular disease). MHO is closely related to lifestyle and environmental factors. Epigenetics has become an essential biological tool to analyze the link between obesity and metabolic status. The aim of this study was to determine whether MHO status is conditioned by the DNA methylation (DNAm) of several genes related to lipid metabolism (lipoprotein lipase, retinoid X receptor alpha, liver X receptor, stearoyl-CoA desaturase, sterol regulatory element binding factor 1), and inflammation (LEP) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 131 prepubertal subjects with MHO phenotype after lifestyle modifications with personalized Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) combined with a physical activity (PA) program. Results The DNAm of all studied genes were significantly modified in the population after 12 months of lifestyle modifications (MedDiet and PA). In addition, associations were found between the DNAm studies and BMI, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, monounsaturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid, moderate-vigorous PA, fat mass, and adherence to MedDiet. Conclusions It was found that DNAm of genes related to lipid metabolism and inflammation are also present in childhood and that this methylation profile can be modified by interventions based on MedDiet and PA.
Optimal nutrition in lactating women and its effect on later health of offspring: A systematic review of current evidence and recommendations (EarlyNutrition project); Background: EarlyNutrition (www.project-earlynutrition.eu) is an international research consortium investigating the effects of early nutrition on metabolic programming. Objective: To summarize current evidence and standards, recommendations, guidelines, and regulations on nutrition or supplements in lactating women with emphasis placed on long-term health effects in offspring, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, overweight/obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, or glucose intolerance. Methods: Medline, Embase, selected databases and websites were searched for documents published between 2010 and 2015. Results: Thirteen documents met the inclusion criteria. Effects of maternal long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LC-PUFA) supplementation on overweight/obesity or hypertension in offspring were assessed in 10 studies. One study described the effect of maternal vitamin D supplementation on overweight/obesity, and the remaining 2 studies assessed the effects of maternal probiotic/synbiotic supplementation during lactation on overweight/obesity or metabolic syndrome in their infants. Forty-one documents contained dietary recommendations on various macro-and micronutrients for lactating women, but without consideration of our long-term health outcomes in infants. Conclusion: Literature on nutrition of lactating women and its effect on their infants' later health with respect to metabolic programming outcomes appeared to be scarce, and focused mostly on supplementation of LC-PUFA's. No recent guidelines or recommendations were available, highlighting the significant research gaps regarding this topic.
Docosahexaenoic acid, a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α ligand, induces apoptosis in vascular smooth muscle cells by stimulation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase; Omega-3 fatty acids (n-3 FAs) have been shown to exert a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertension, possibly in part by influencing vascular structure. We previously demonstrated that n-3 FAs induce vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMC) apoptosis, which could exert an effect on the structure of blood vessels. In the present study, we investigated signaling pathways through which n-3 FAs mediate apoptosis in VSMCs. Cultured mesenteric VSMCs from Sprague-Dawley rats were stimulated with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a representative n-3 FAs. Morphological changes in apoptosis and DNA fragmentation were examined with phase-contrast microscopy and fluorescence microscopy with Hoechst 33342 staining. To clarify possible pathways of apoptosis, we evaluated the expression of phosphorylated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases, bar, bcl-2, cytochrome c, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR-alpha) with Western blot analysis. DHA treatment induced cell shrinkage, cell membrane blebbing, and apoptotic bodies in VSMCs, DNA time-dependently activated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases, bar, PPAR-alpha, and cytochrome c, with maximal effects obtained after 5 and 30 minutes and 1 and 3 hours, respectively. SB-203580 and SB-202190, selective p38 inhibitors, reduced DHA-elicited apoptosis and expression of PPAR-alpha but had no effect on the expression of bar or cytochrome c. The present results indicate that DHA induces apoptosis in VSMCs through greater than or equal to2 distinct mechanisms: (1) a p38-dependent pathway that regulates PPAR-alpha and (2) a p38-independent pathway via dissipation of mitochondrial membrane potential and cytochrome c release. The death-signaling pathway stimulated by DHA may involve an integration of these multiple pathways. By triggering VSMC apoptosis, DHA may play a pathophysiological role in vascular remodeling in cardiovascular disease.
Fatty acid profiles of five farmed Brazilian freshwater fish species from different families; The proximate composition and fatty acid (FA) profiles of five Brazilian freshwater fish species, namely Brycon cephalus (BC), Cichla ocellaris (CO), Prochilodus lineatus (PL), Leporinus friderici (LF) and Pseudoplatystoma corruscans (PCO), were investigated. CO and LF exhibited the highest (p < 0.05) moisture content, as well as one of the lowest (p < 0.05) lipid values, whereas BC presented the lowest (p < 0.05) moisture and, alongside PL, the highest (p < 0.05) lipid content. The predominant FAs in the evaluated fish species were palmitic, oleic, linoleic and docosahexaenoic acids. BC and CO presented high n-3 PUFA content, especially DHA, and demonstrated superior nutritional quality indices compared to the other evaluated fish species. Furthermore, a significant relationship was observed among these species, suggesting they possess similar nutritional lipid values. Thus, BC and CO were proven to be an excellent matrix with relevant lipid quality, desirable for human health.
Supplementation of Seed Dust of <i>Vicia Faba</i> and Sesame Ameliorates High Lipid Diet-Induced Dyslipidemia in Rats; Dyslipidaemia is a life style disorder characterized by increased levels of total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides and also decreased HDL cholesterol levels which is turned into cardiovascular disease, a first leading cause of death in Worldwide. Lifestyle changes mainly healthy diet should be introduced to reduce the cardiovascular risk. Recent research on functional foods consumption for lipid-lowering effects has been well established. Seeds of Vicia faba (SVf) and sesame seeds (SSi) is one of the most popular foods due to high content of dietary fiber, proteins, vitamins, minerals, phytosterol, omega 3 fatty acids and other functional compounds. The study aimed to establish SVf and SSi as a powerful functional food for prevention and management of dyslipidemia. We formulated a normal diet (ND) and high lipid diet (HLD) for rats. HLD was formulated by increasing the 10.48% energy, 60.07% lipid, 100% cholesterol and 50% sucrose than ND. Rats were randomly divided into five groups fed ND, HLD, HLD+10% SVf dust, HLD+10% SSi dust and HLD + 5% SVf + 5% SSi of total food for 60 days. After 60 days of treatment, it was observed that there was a significant (p < 0.05) increase in plasma triglyceride, total cholesterol, LDL-C, malondialdehyde (MDA) and IL-18 levels but a significant (p < 0.05) decrease in HDL-C, super oxide dismutase (SOD) & catalase activity in HLD in compared with ND and other treated groups. HLD induced dyslipidemia while SVf and SSi produced antidyslipidemic activity decreasing plasma triglyceride, total cholesterol, LDL-C, MDA, IL-18 level and increasing HDL-C, SOD, and catalase. SVf and SSi combined feeding was potential synergistic effect and results suggest that this functional food consumption can prevent and management of dyslipidemia.
The Role of Nutrients in Reducing the Risk for Noncommunicable Diseases during Aging; An increasing aging population worldwide accounts for a growing share of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) of the overall social and economic burden. Dietary and nutritional approaches are of paramount importance in the management of NCDs. As a result, nutrition programs are increasingly integrated into public health policies. At present, programs aimed at reducing the burden of NCDs have focused mostly on the excess of unhealthy nutrient intakes whereas the importance of optimizing adequate essential and semi-essential nutrient intakes and nutrient-rich diets has received less attention. Surveys indicate that nutrient intakes of the aging population are insufficient to optimally support healthy aging. Vitamin and mineral deficiencies in older adults are related to increased risk of NCDs including fatigue, cardiovascular disease, and cognitive and neuromuscular function impairments. Reviewed literature demonstrates that improving intake for certain nutrients may be important in reducing progress of NCDs such as musculoskeletal disorders, dementia, loss of vision, and cardiometabolic diseases during aging. Current knowledge concerning improving individual nutrient intakes to reduce progression of chronic disease is still emerging with varying effect sizes and levels of evidence. Most pronounced benefits of nutrients were found in participants who had low nutrient intake or status at baseline or who had increased genetic and metabolic needs for that nutrient. Authorities should implement ways to optimize essential nutrient intake as an integral part of their strategies to address NCDs.
Neuroprotection in emerging psychotic disorders; Aim: The emerging phase of psychotic disorders is pleomorphic and fluctuates in presentation. Hence, from a clinical perspective, treatment modalities are often unclear. This paper investigates the rational and potential use of neuroprotective agents in emerging psychotic disorders.
Mediterranean Diet in Predementia and Dementia Syndromes; There is a critical need to potentially individualize new strategies able to prevent and to slow down the progression of predementia and dementia syndromes. Only recently higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet was associated with decreased cognitive decline although the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) combines several foods, micro- and macronutrients already separately proposed as potential protective factors against dementia and predementia syndromes. In fact, elevated saturated fatty acids could have negative effects on age-related cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Furthermore, at present, epidemiological evidence suggested a possible association among fish consumption, monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (particularly, n-3 PUFA) and reduced risk of cognitive decline and dementia. Light to moderate alcohol use may be associated with a reduced risk of incident dementia and Alzheimer's disease (AD), while for vascular dementia, cognitive decline, and predementia syndromes the current evidence is only suggestive of a protective effect. Finally, the limited epidemiological evidence available on fruit and vegetable consumption and cognition generally supported a protective role of these macronutrients against cognitive decline, dementia, and AD. Moreover, recent prospective studies provided evidence that higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet could be associated with slower cognitive decline, reduced risk of progression from MCI to AD, reduced risk of AD, and decreased all-causes mortality in AD patients. These findings suggested that adherence to the MeDi may affect not only the risk for AD, but also for predementia syndromes and their progression to overt dementia. Nonetheless, at present, no definitive dietary recommendations are possible. However, high levels of consumption of fats from fish, vegetable oils, non-starchy vegetables, low glycemic fruits, and diet low in foods with added sugars and with moderate wine intake should be encouraged. In fact, this dietary advice is in accordance with recommendations for lowering the risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes, and hypertension and might open new ways for the prevention and management of cognitive decline and dementia.
Antiapoptotic and Antiautophagic Effects of Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Cardiac Myoblasts Exposed to Palmitic Acid; Apoptosis is a programmed cell death that plays a critical role in cell homeostasis. In particular, apoptosis in cardiomyocytes is involved in several cardiovascular diseases including heart failure. Recently autophagy has emerged as an important modulator of programmed cell death pathway. Recent evidence indicates that saturated fatty acids induce cell death through apoptosis and this effect is specific for palmitate. On the other hand, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) have been implicated in the protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiac ischemic damage and myocardial dysfunction. In the present study we show that n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) treatment to culture medium of H9c2 rat cardiomyoblasts protects cells against palmitate-induced apoptosis, as well as counteracts palmitate-mediated increase of autophagy. Further investigation is required to establish whether the antiautophagic effect of EPA may be involved in its cytoprotective outcome and to explore the underlying biochemical mechanisms through which palmitate and EPA control the fate of cardiac cells.
Cardiovascular diseases among patients with schizophrenia; The presence of comorbid physical illnesses especially, cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in schizophrenia is a growing area of concern in recent years. In order to reduce disease burden, to improve quality of life and to provide holistic care, it is important to know about the relationship between schizophrenia and CVD. The objective of this review is to explore the extent of CVD problems, relevant risk factors and potential measures for early diagnosis and prevention of CVD among patients with schizophrenia. Worldwide studies show that patients with schizophrenia have a higher mortality and lower life expectancy than the general population. CVD is the leading cause of increased mortality in schizophrenia. Common CVD risk factors in schizophrenia include metabolic syndrome, sedentary behaviour, tobacco smoking, effects of antipsychotics, long chain omega-3 fatty acid deficiency and shared genetics between CVD and schizophrenia. The potential methods for early detection and prevention of CVD in schizophrenia are also discussed. Though the patients with schizophrenia form a high risk group for CVD, consensus guidelines for early detection and prevention of CVD in schizophrenia are lacking. Comorbidity of CVD in schizophrenia needs more serious attention by clinicians and researchers. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Exploring Alternative Medicines in the Treatment of Atherosclerosis: an Insight into Molecular Aspect; Malaysia is blessed to have several natural products. Since past decades, studies have been carried out to discover the highly effective anti-atherosclerotic supplements. The phytoestrogens and soy proteins have gained much attention, over the years. Several literature highlighted the therapeutic effect of alternative medicines on atherosclerosis. However, the overall anti-atherosclerotic mechanism of isoflavones regardless of menopause or postmenopausal state was not discussed, to date. This review aimed to summarize the molecular mechanism of different types of alternative medicines for the treatment of atherosclerosis in general population. The herbs commonly used in the treatment of atherosclerosis are garlic (Allium sativum), pomegranate (Punica granatum), ginger (Zingiber officinale), cinnamon (Cinnamomum spp.) and green tea (Camellia sinenses). Nevertheless, the palm oil, coconut oil, olive oil and omega-3 also plays significant role in attenuating the risk of atherosclerosis by decreasing the LDL level, increasing the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), scavenging the free radicals and also decreasing the inflammatory process. Daidzein improves atherosclerotic changes by activating the NF-kappa B pathway and regulating the expression of inflammatory cytokines. Genistein reduces the monocyte-endothelial cell and adhesion molecules secretion via cAMP/PKA pathway, it decreases the inflammatory response via initiation of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor (Nrf2)/heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) pathway. Conclusively, we recognized that alternative medicines demonstrate remarkable therapeutic efficacy for the treatment of atherosclerosis in patients of all ages.
An upwelling system for culturing common octopus paralarvae and its combined effect with supplying natural zooplankton on paralarval survival and growth; Despite a growing interest in common octopus for aquaculture, massive mortalities during the planktonic paralarval stage still hamper production. Prior to die-off during rearing trials for paralarvae, it could be observed that the food-capturing paralarvae tended to be carried downward in a current induced by the aeration system, eventually depositing the animals on the tank bottom. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of upwelling water-flow, that might support paralarval swimming and floating, on paralarval survival and growth. A new artificial upwelling rearing system using a strong downward flow in the center to the bottom of the tank was developed. The effects of the new system in combination with supplying natural zooplankton (mainly decapod crustacean zoeae) or Artemia were evaluated using three different broods hatched from three mothers (broods A, B, and C). As food items for zooplankton, n-3 highly unsaturated fatty acid (n-3 HUFA)-fortified rotifers and digestible microalgae Nannochloropsis oculata were supplemented. The hatchling dry weight was significantly different among broods, showing heavier weight in order of broods A > C > B. Use of the upwelling rearing system significantly improved the rate of paralarval survival as compared with using the standard system, and paralarval growth was significantly faster when reared in the upwelling system with zooplankton supplementation. Paralarvae in the upwelling + zooplankton group kept high survival rates over 80% until 18 days after hatching (DAH). The survival rate of the tank of brood A could achieve 80.8% at 20 DAH, however, those of broods B and C dropped to 8.2% and 54.4% at 20 DAH, respectively, presumably due to combined effect of small hatchling size and insufficient food supply. The octopuses of broods A and C reached benthic stage by 25 and 23 DAH, with survival rates of 51.0% and 45.3%, respectively. The overall results suggest that an inadequate water-flow environment in combination with poor food quality and quantity are major causes of paralarval mortality of the common octopus. For culturing paralarvae, the combined use of an upwelling rearing system and supplying decapod crustacean zoeae supplemented with n-3 HUFA fortified rotifers and digestible N. oculata was recommended.
Dietary patterns and micronutrients in respiratory infections including COVID-19: a narrative review; Background COVID-19 is a pandemic caused by nCoV-2019, a new beta-coronavirus from Wuhan, China, that mainly affects the respiratory system and can be modulated by nutrition.Methods This review aims to summarize the current literature on the association between dietary intake and serum levels of micronutrients, malnutrition, and dietary patterns and respiratory infections, including flu, pneumonia, and acute respiratory syndrome, with a focus on COVID-19. We searched for relevant articles in various databases and selected those that met our inclusion criteria.Results Some studies suggest that dietary patterns, malnutrition, and certain nutrients such as vitamins D, E, A, iron, zinc, selenium, magnesium, omega-3 fatty acids, and fiber may have a significant role in preventing respiratory diseases, alleviating symptoms, and lowering mortality rates. However, the evidence is not consistent and conclusive, and more research is needed to clarify the mechanisms and the optimal doses of these dietary components. The impact of omega-3 and fiber on respiratory diseases has been mainly studied in children and adults, respectively, and few studies have examined the effect of dietary components on COVID-19 prevention, with a greater focus on vitamin D.Conclusion This review highlights the potential of nutrition as a modifiable factor in the prevention and management of respiratory infections and suggests some directions for future research. However, it also acknowledges the limitations of the existing literature, such as the heterogeneity of the study designs, populations, interventions, and outcomes, and the difficulty of isolating the effects of single nutrients from the complex interactions of the whole diet.
Emerging approaches for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia; Hypertriglyceridemia is frequent in diabetic and obese subjects, who are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Increased triglycerides (TG) are a hallmark of atherogenic dyslipidemia, representing a marker of atherogenic small dense low-density lipoproteins (sdlDL). Importantly, non-fasting/postprandial TG measurements tend to be emphasized in clinical practice for the prediction of CVD, and TG-lowering agents (primarily fibrates) have a beneficial effect on atherogenic dyslipidemia, reducing TG-rich particles and ultimately lowering the production of sdlDL. The combination of omega-3 fatty acids and statins is also recommended, and widely used in clinical practice for subjects with hypertriglyceridemia. However, a consensus on the optimal clinical use of these pharmacological agents is not fully established yet, and additional large clinical studies are needed. It seems that there is a favorable association between fish consumption and mortality from CVD, but it remains to be confirmed by future trials. Finally, there are a number of novel therapies, such as those targeting microsomal transport protein and its inhibitors, which represent new promising option for treating subjects with hypertriglyceridemia.
A significant inverse relationship between concentrations of plasma homocysteine and phospholipid docosahexaenoic acid in healthy male subjects; The aim of this study was to investigate the possibility of a relationship between plasma homocysteine (Hey) and phospholipid FA (PUFA) in healthy Australian males. One hundred thirty six healthy male subjects aged 20-55 yr were recruited from the Melbourne metropolitan area. Each Volunteer completed a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and gave a blood sample. Plasma Hey concentrations were determined by an established HPLC method; the plasma phospholipid FA were determined by standard methods. Plasma Hey concentration was significantly negatively correlated with plasma phospholipid concentration of the PUFA 20:5n-3 (r = -0.226, P = 0.009), 22:5n-3 (r = -0.182, P = 0.036), 22:6n-3 (r = -0.286, P = 0.001), total n-3 (r = -0.270, P = 0.002) and the ratio n-3/n-6 PUFA (r = -0.265, P = 0.002), and significantly positively correlated with 20:4n-6 (r = 0.180, P = 0.037). In the partial correlation analysis, after controlling for serum vitamin B-12 and folate concentration, plasma Hey was significantly negatively correlated with the plasma phospholipid concentration of 22:6n-3 (r = -0.205, P = 0.019), total n-3 (r = -0.182, P = 0.038) and the ratio n-3/n-6 PUFA (r = -0.174, P = 0.048). Evidence indicates that an increased concentration of n-3 PUFA in tissues has a beneficial effect on cardiovascular health. Our findings provide further evidence that increased consumption of dietary n-3 PUFA increases the concentration of n-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipid, which is associated with a protective effect on cardiovascular diseases and lower plasma Hey levels. The mechanism that might explain the association between plasma 22:6n-3 and Hey levels is not clear.
Effect of almond consumption on insulin sensitivity and serum lipids among Asian Indian adults with overweight and obesity- A randomized controlled trial; BackgroundAsian Indians have an increased susceptibility to type 2 diabetes and premature coronary artery disease. Nuts, like almonds, are rich in unsaturated fat and micronutrients with known health benefits. ObjectivesThis study aimed to assess the efficacy of almonds for reduction of insulin resistance and improving lipid profile in overweight Asian Indian adults. MethodsThis parallel-arm, randomized, controlled trial was conducted in Chennai, India on 400 participants aged 25-65 years with a body mass index >= 23 kg/m(2). The intervention group received 43 g of almonds/day for 12 weeks, while the control group was advised to consume a customary diet but to avoid nuts. Anthropometric, clinical, and dietary data were assessed at periodic intervals. Glucose tolerance, serum insulin, glycated hemoglobin, C-peptide and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and end of the study. Insulin resistance (homeostasis assessment model-HOMA IR) and oral insulin disposition index (DIo) were calculated. ResultsA total of 352 participants completed the study. Significant improvement was seen in DIo [mean (95% CI) = + 0.7 mmol/L (0.1, 1.3); p = 0.03], HOMA IR (-0.4 (-0.7, -0.04; p = 0.03) and total cholesterol (-5.4 mg/dl (-10.2, -0.6); p = 0.03) in the intervention group compared to the control group. Incremental area under the curve (IAUC) and mean amplitude of glycemic excursion (MAGE) assessed using continuous glucose monitoring systems were also significantly lower in the intervention group. Dietary 24-h recalls showed a higher significant reduction in carbohydrate and increase in mono unsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) intake in the intervention group compared to the control group. ConclusionDaily consumption of almonds increased the intake of MUFA with decrease in carbohydrate calories and decreases insulin resistance, improves insulin sensitivity and lowers serum cholesterol in Asian Indians with overweight/obesity. These effects in the long run could aid in reducing the risk of diabetes and other cardiometabolic disease.
Body mass index and diet affect prostate cancer development; Introduction: Prostate cancer (CaP) is one of the most important causes of morbidity and mortality in the world. There is evidence that obesity and inadequate eating habits may promote CaP development.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipid fractions in type 2 diabetic patients with microalbuminuria; OBJECTIVE - To determine the fatty acid composition of serum phospholipid, triglyceride, and cholesterol ester fractions and to analyze the lipid profile of microalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients.
ALTERED MACROPHAGE FUNCTION IN DIETARY IMMUNOREGULATION; It is well established that nutrition can profoundly influence immunologic function. An important component of nutritional intervention in immune regulation is dietary lipid intake. Recent studies have implicated that dietary lipids are important in regulating the immune response to neoplasms, autoimmune disease states, infection, trauma, and transplanted organs. Studies from our laboratory have focused on the effect of different lipids on allograft survival in a rat heart transplant model. We have shown the dietary supplementation with the polyunsaturated fatty acid, linoleic acid, prolongs allograft survival and when given in combination with a donor specific blood transfusion acts synergistically. Conversely, oleic acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, shortened allograft survival in transfused animals. It has been postulated that the mechanism of this lipid effect on immunity is via alterations in cell membrane fatty acid composition which may effect recognition or presentation of antigens. It is thus possible that the macrophage which has a central role in antigen presentation and processing would be effected by dietary lipids. Herein, the effect of different dietary lipids on macrophage function is studied. Also, dietary-induced alterations in serum fatty acid composition are measured to determine a possible relationship between fatty acid metabolites and the immune  response.
Intracellular oxidation by human glioma cell populations: effect of arachidonic acid; Arachidonic acid (AA) and Gamma linolenic acid have been shown to limit glioma cell growth, stimulate apoptosis and lipid peroxidation. However, brain tumours are characterised by cellular heterogeneity and responding cell populations have not been identified.
Effect of storage on the fatty acid content of foods for post-larvae of the crustacean decapod <i>Hippolyte inermis</i>; Decapods are important in aquaculture practice and as models for marine biology research, due to peculiar endocrine and physiologic adaptations to various environments. For these reasons, decapods are cultivated. To promote their correct development and sexual maturation, the preparation of balanced diets is crucial. Several diets, both experimental and for aquaculture purposes, have been established, but the set of essential fatty acids is still unknown for most species. Furthermore, fatty acids contained in formulated feeds are differentially sensitive to decay over the storage time. Here we compare growth, maturation and mortality of post-larvae fed on a formulated diet containing Artemia sp., Spirulina sp. and a fatty acid integrator, as administered immediately after its production and after 12months of storage. The same foods were analysed for their fatty acid contents using gas chromatography. The sets of fatty acids present in differently aged foods corresponded to differences in the growth rates and survival of the model organism Hippolyte inermis cultured in the laboratory. The differences were mainly due to seven fatty acids, whose abundance decreased during the storage, the most important of which were arachidonic and linolenic acid, that are known to be essential for other species of decapods.
Efficacy and safety of self-emulsifying formulation of highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (MND-2119) versus highly purified eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester in patients with hypertriglyceridemia: Results from a 12-week randomized, double-blind, active-controlled, phase 3 study; Background: In Japan, eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester (EPA-E) is administered twice-daily or three-times-daily for dyslipidemia. We have developed MND-2119, a novel self-emulsifying formulation of highly purified EPA-E, which can be administered once-daily. Objective: The objective of this study was to assess non-inferiority in the efficacy of MND-2119 in patients with hypertriglyceridemia compared with highly purified EPA-E. Methods: In this multicenter, 12-week, double-blind study, patients with high triglyceride (TG levels between >= 150 and < 500 mg/dL) undergoing lifestyle modification were randomized to MND-2119 2 g/day (n = 145), MND-2119 4 g/day (n = 145), EPA-E 1.8 g/day (n = 145) or EPA-E 2.7 g/day (n = 145). The primary endpoint was percentage change in TG levels from baseline to end of treatment. Results: MND-2119 2, 4 g/day and EPA-E 1.8, 2.7 g/day reduced TG levels from baseline by -10.09%, -15.51%, -9.30%, and -8.80%, respectively. The TG reduction rate of MND-2119 2 g/day was non-inferior to that of EPA-E 1.8 g/day (LS mean difference:-0.42, 95%CI:-5.76 to 4.91). Moreover, the TG reduction rate of MND-2119 4 g/day was superior to that of MND-2119 2 g/day (LS mean differ-ence:-5.74, 95%CI:-10.59 to-0.89). There were no remarkable safety differences between MND-2119 2 g/day and EPA-E 1.8 g/day and between MND-2119 4 g/day and EPA-E 2.7 g/day.Conclusion: Non-inferiority of MND-2119 2 g/day to EPA-E 1.8 g/day for efficacy, and superiority of MND-2119 4 g/day over MND-2119 2 g/day for efficacy were verified. MND-2119 was safe and well tolerated.(c) 2022 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
METHYLMERCURY-INDUCED INHIBITION OF PARAOXONASE-1 (PON1)-IMPLICATIONS FOR CARDIOVASCULAR RISK; Methylmercury (MeHg) has been associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease in some but not all epidemiology studies. These inconsistent results may stem from the fact that exposure typically occurs in the context of fish consumption, which is also associated with cardioprotective factors such as omega-3 fatty acids. Mechanistic information may help to understand whether MeHg represents a risk to cardiovascular health. MeHg is a pro-oxidant that inactivates protein sulfhydryls. These biochemical effects may diminish critical antioxidant defense mechanism(s) involved in protecting against atherosclerosis. One such defense mechanism is paraoxonase-1 (PON1), an enzyme present on high-density lipoproteins and that prevents the oxidation of blood lipids and their deposition in vascular endothelium. PON1 is potentially useful as a clinical biomarker of cardiovascular risk, as well as a critical enzyme in the detoxification of certain organophosphate oxons. MeHg and other metals are known to inhibit PON1 activity in vitro. MeHg is associated with lowered serum PON1 activity in a fish-eating population. The implications of lowering PON1 are evaluated by predicting the shift in PON1 population distribution induced by various doses of MeHg. An MeHg dose of 0.3 mu g/kg/d is estimated to decrease the population average PON1 level by 6.1% and to increase population risk of acute cardiovascular events by 9.7%. This evaluation provides a plausible mechanism for MeHg-induced cardiovascular risk and suggests means to quantify the risk. This case study exemplifies the use of upstream disease biomarkers to evaluate the additive effect of chemical toxicity with background disease processes in assessing human risk.
Primary prevention of coronary heart disease in women through diet and lifestyle.; Background: Many lifestyle-related risk factors for coronary heart disease have been identified, but little is known about their effect on the risk of disease when they are considered together.
FATTY-ACID COMPOSITION OF MUSCLE, HEART AND LIVER LIPIDS IN ATLANTIC SALMON, SALMO-SALAR, AT EXTREMELY LOW ENVIRONMENTAL-TEMPERATURE; In February 1988 the seawater temperature in Hvalfjordur, W. Iceland, gradually dropped to its freezing point, -1.8.degree.C. In a group of 2-year-old Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar, reared in seawater cages mortality started at -1.4.degree.C. Three-year-old salmon reared under the same conditions survived at -1.7.degree.C. During netting in this supercooled state, instantaneous freezing took place. The influence of cold acclimatization on fatty acid composition of phospholipids (PL) in muscle, heart and liver  of 2-year-old Atlantic salmon was examined. The fatty acid composition of muscle and heart PL was slightly influenced by environmental temperature changes from + 6.5.degree.C to 1.4.degree.C and the fatty acid composition of liver PL was not affected. The fatty acid pattern of PL from hearts and livers of 3-year-old salmon reared in seawater cages was studied. The samples were collected at -1.7.degree.C. 18:1n9 levels in liver PL were significantly higher and 22:6n3 levels were significantly lower in the  3-year-old salmon than in the 2-year-old salmon. The salmon were fed two types of highly polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich diets (moist or dry pellets). The dry pellets contained significantly higher levels of n3 PUFA (20:5n3 and 22:6n3) than the moist pellets. In muscle the fatty acid composition of PL was markedly influenced by the fatty acids profile of the dietary lipids. Salmon fed dry pellets contained significantly lower percentage levels of 18:1n9 and higher levels of 22:6n3 in  muscle PL than salmon fed moist pellets. The 20:5n3 level in muscle PL was significantly lower in salmon fed dry pellets than in those fed moist pellets. No influence of dietary lipids was observed on fatty acid composition in heart and liver PL.
Modification of gene expression in rat cardiomyocytes by linoleic and docosahexaenoic acids; Regulation of cardiac fatty acid metabolism is central to the development of cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure. We investigated the effects of select fatty acids on the expression of genes involved in immediate early as well as inflammatory and hypertrophic responses in adult rat cardiomyocytes. Cardiac remodeling begins with upregulation of immediate early genes for c-fos and c-jun, followed by upregulation of inflammatory genes for nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B) and nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NFAT). At later stages, genes involved in hypertrophic responses, such as atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), are upregulated. Adult rat cardiomyocytes were treated with palmitic acid, a saturated fatty acid; oleic acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid; linoleic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid belonging to the n-6 class; and docosahexaenoic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid belonging to the n-3 class. Linoleic acid produced a greater increase in the mRNA expression of c-fos, c-jun, NF-kappa B, NFAT3, ANP, and BNP relative to palmitic acid and oleic acid. In contrast, docosahexaenoic acid caused a decrease in the expression of genes involved in cardiac hypertrophy. Our findings suggest that linoleic acid may be a potent inducer of genes involved in cardiac hypertrophy, whereas docosahexaenoic acid may be protective against the cardiomyocyte hypertrophic response.
Therapeutic Applications and Health-Promoting Properties of Plantago Ovate Review; This review evaluates psyllium (Plantago ovate) nutritional properties and health benefits. its applications in food products. It contains many antioxidants that prevent the attack of free radicals. It is a great source of unsaturated fatty acids, especially polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3 and omega-6, The main functional benefits of psyllium are included cholesterol control, obesity satiety, and diabetes, and on. Plantago ovate can be used in the manufacture of several pharmaceutical products.
Suppressive effect of low amounts of safflower and perilla oils on diethylnitrosamine-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in male F344 rats; We have investigated the modulating effects of low amounts of dietary oils rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on diethylnitrosamine (DEN)-induced hepatocarcinogenesis in male F344 rats. A total of 112 animals were divided into eight groups. Groups 1-4 were given drinking water containing 40 ppm DEN for five weeks. Groups 5-8 served as controls without DEN treatment. Groups 1 and 5 were fed a basal diet containing 5% beef tallow, groups 2 and 6 were fed a 5% olive oil diet, groups 3 and 7 were fed a 5% safflower oil diet, and groups 4 and 8 were fed a 5% perilla oil diet for 21 weeks, starting 1 week before DEN exposure. Beef tallow, olive oil, safflower oil, and perilla oil are rich in saturated fatty acids, a monounsaturated fatty acid, n-6 PUFA, and n-3 PUFA, respectively. All rats were killed 20 weeks after the start of the experiment, Incidences of hepatocellular adenoma and carcinoma were 100% in DEN-treated groups irrespective of dietary oils. Multiplicities of adenomas in Groups 3 and 4 were significantly (p < 0.05) lower than in groups 1 and 2. Multiplicity of carcinoma in group 3 was significantly (p < 0.05) lower than in group 1. Mean volumes of placental glutathione S-transferase-positive foci per liver and the number of argyrophilic nucleolar organizer region proteins per nucleus in the liver tumors were significantly (p < 0.05) lower in groups 3 and 4 than in groups 1 and 2. ras mRNA expression in liver neoplasms was also suppressed significantly (p < 0.05) in groups 3 and 4 compared with groups 1 and 2. Significantly (p < 0.05) higher levels of n-6 and n-3 PUFA in the phospholipid fraction of the liver were found in groups 3 and 4 respectively, than in the other groups. In contrast, a significant (p < 0.05) decrease in monounsaturated fatty acid was observed in groups 3 and 4 compared with groups 1 and 2. These results suggest that safflower oil and perilla oil, rich in n-6 and n-3 PUFA, respectively, alter the membrane fatty acid composition of the liver and suppress the development of liver cell carcinoma in rats.
Bioecological and nutritional control of disease: prebiotics, probiotics and synbiotics; A growing number of patients worldwide suffer acute and chronic diseases. Evidence supports the association of chronic diseases to modern lifestyle habits and malfunction of the immune system. Morbidity and mortality for patients affected of chronic diseases is unacceptably high despite advanced surgical and medical treatments. Nowadays there is an increasing interest in the bioecological and nutritional control of diseases. The use of prebiotics, probiotics and synbiotics, e.g. antioxidants, anti-inflammatory Omega-3 lipid emulsions, bioactive fibers, lactic acid bacteria (LAB), etc, appears as a new tool for the treatment of disease. The effects of antioxidants and Omega-3 lipid emulsions remain largely unexplored, but significant modulatory effects on neutrophils and morbidity have been observed. It is burning that these compounds are tried in patients including surgically and critically ill patients. Some bioactive fibers and some probiotic bacteria have demonstrated extraordinary efficacy to restore and maintain immunity and prevent complications. Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) have demonstrated ability to reduce or eliminate potential pathogen micro-organisms, as well as various toxins, mutagens and carcinogens; they also promote apoptosis, synthesize and release numerous nutrients, antioxidants, growth-factors, coagulation and other bioactive compounds, and modulate the innate and adaptive immune defence mechanisms. More recent studies suggest that LAB promote and maintain gastrointestinal (GI) motility and prevent GI paralysis and postoperative Hens and have the ability to inhibit inflammation. Further studies are needed to ascertain the molecular mechanisms by which pre-, pro- and synbiotics influence the outcome in a variety of acute and chronic diseases.
Daily Lifestyle and Inflammatory Skin Diseases; Throughout life, it is necessary to adapt to the Earth's environment in order to survive. A typical example of this is that the daily Earth cycle is different from the circadian rhythm in human beings; however, the ability to adapt to the Earth cycle has contributed to the development of human evolution. In addition, humans can consume and digest Earth-derived foods and use luxury materials for nutrition and enrichment of their lives, as an adaptation to the Earth's environment. Recent studies have shown that daily lifestyles are closely related to human health; however, less attention has been paid to the fact that obesity due to excessive energy intake, smoking, and alcohol consumption contributes to the development of inflammatory skin diseases. Gluten or wheat protein, smoking and alcohol, sleep disturbance, and obesity drive the helper T (Th)1/Th2/Th17 immune response, whereas dietary fiber and omega-3 fatty acids negatively regulate inflammatory cytokine production. In this review, we have focused on daily lifestyles and the mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of inflammatory skin diseases.
Mediation Analysis to Untangle Opposing Associations of High-Dose Docosahexaenoic Acid With IQ and Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia in Children Born Preterm; ImportanceHigh-dose omega-3 docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation of children born at less than 29 weeks' gestation has been shown to improve IQ despite increasing the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD). Given that BPD is associated with poorer cognitive outcomes, it is unclear whether the increased risk of BPD with DHA supplementation is associated with decreased benefit to IQ.
Reproductive performance and gestational effort in relation to dietary fatty acids in guinea pigs; Background: Dietary saturated (SFAs) and polyunsaturated (PUFAs) fatty acids can highly affect reproductive functions by providing additional energy, modulating the biochemical properties of tissues, and hormone secretions. In precocial mammals such as domestic guinea pigs the offspring is born highly developed. Gestation might be the most critical reproductive period in this species and dietary fatty acids may profoundly influence the gestational effort. We therefore determined the hormonal status at conception, the reproductive success, and body mass changes during gestation in guinea pigs maintained on diets high in PUFAs or SFAs, or a control diet.
Colorectal Cancer Prevention Through Dietary and Lifestyle Modifications; Several studies indicate that Western dietary and lifestyle factors are responsible for the high incidence of colorectal cancer in industrialized countries. Diets rich in red and processed meat, refined starches, sugar, and saturated and trans-fatty acids but poor in fruits, vegetables, fiber, omega-3 fatty acids and whole grains are closely associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer. Other main features of the western lifestyle, such as excess body mass and sedentary behaviours, are also strongly associated with higher risk of developing this cancer. Modifications of the western diet, notably increasing consumption of foods from plant origin and reducing that of red meat intake, and maintenance of physical activity and appropriate body mass could substantially reduce colorectal cancer incidence and mortality.
Therapeutic modification of arterial stiffness: An update and comprehensive review; Arterial stiffness has been recognized as a marker of cardiovascular disease and associated with long-term worse clinical outcomes in several populations. Age, hypertension, smoking, and dyslipidemia, known as traditional vascular risk factors, as well as diabetes, obesity, and systemic inflammation lead to both atherosclerosis and arterial stiffness. Targeting multiple modifiable risk factors has become the main therapeutic strategy to improve arterial stiffness in patients at high cardiovascular risk. Additionally to life style modifications, long-term omega-3 fatty acids (fish oil) supplementation in diet may improve arterial stiffness in the population with hypertension or metabolic syndrome. Pharmacological treatment such as reninangiotensin-aldosterone system antagonists, metformin, and 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitors were useful in individuals with hypertension and diabetes. In obese population with obstructive sleep apnea, weight reduction, aerobic exercise, and continuous positive airway pressure treatment may also improve arterial stiffness. In the populations with chronic inflammatory disease such as rheumatoid arthritis, a use of antibodies against tumor necrosis factor-alpha could work effectively. Other therapeutic options such as renal sympathetic nerve denervation for patients with resistant hypertension are investigated in many ongoing clinical trials. Therefore our comprehensive review provides knowledge in detail regarding many aspects of pathogenesis, measurement, and management of arterial stiffness in several populations, which would be helpful for physicians to make clinical decision.
Association of plasma n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with synovitis in the knee: the MOST study; In osteoarthritis (OA) the synovium is often inflamed and inflammatory cytokines contribute to cartilage damage. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) have anti-inflammatory effects whereas omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6 PUFAs) have, on balance, proinflammatory effects. The goal of our study was to assess the association of fasting plasma phospholipid n-6 and n-3 PUFAs with synovitis as measured by synovial thickening on contrast enhanced (CE) knee MRI and cartilage damage among subjects in the Multicenter Osteoarthritis Study (MOST).
Health benefits of seafood for men; Background: Evidence supports the idea that the regular consumption of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (Omega 3s) has positive effects on men's health. The best source of these essential fatty acids is seafood, particularly oily fish. This article summarises evidence pertaining to the benefits associated with regular dietary intake of fish on men's health.
Health benefits of marine foods and ingredients; The health benefits of seafood consumption have primarily been associated with protective effects against cardiovascular diseases (CVD). However, intake of seafood has also been associated with improved foetal and infant development, as well as several other diseases and medical conditions. The health promoting effects have chiefly been attributed to the long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). In addition, the general fatty acid profile is considered favourable. On the other hand, recent and emerging research on seafood proteins and other seafood derived components suggest that these nutritional components contribute to the health effects. In this paper we review the nutritional characteristics and health benefits of marine foods and ingredients, and discuss some current and future trends in marine food production. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fish oil in the critically ill: from experimental to clinical data; Purpose of review The aim of this paper is to describe recent relevant literature concerning the role of n-3 lipids derived from fish oil in clinical nutrition in an intensive care setting.
Obesity, Inflammation, Toll-Like Receptor 4 and Fatty Acids; Obesity leads to an inflammatory condition that is directly involved in the etiology of cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and certain types of cancer. The classic inflammatory response is an acute reaction to infections or to tissue injuries, and it tends to move towards resolution and homeostasis. However, the inflammatory process that was observed in individuals affected by obesity and metabolic syndrome differs from the classical inflammatory response in certain respects. This inflammatory process manifests itself systemically and it is characterized by a chronic low-intensity reaction. The toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) signaling pathway is acknowledged as one of the main triggers of the obesity-induced inflammatory response. The aim of the present review is to describe the role that is played by the TLR4 signaling pathway in the inflammatory response and its modulation by saturated and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Studies indicate that saturated fatty acids can induce inflammation by activating the TLR4 signaling pathway. Conversely, omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, such as eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, exert anti-inflammatory actions through the attenuation of the activation of the TLR4 signaling pathway by either lipopolysaccharides or saturated fatty acids.
Arachidonic acid fights palmitate: new insights into fatty acid toxicity in β-cells; Saturated fatty acids are toxic to pancreatic beta-cells. By inducing apoptosis, they contribute to a decrease in beta-cell mass, a hallmark of Type 2 diabetes. In the present issue of Clinical Science, Keane and co-workers show that the polyunsaturated fatty acid arachidonic acid protects the beta-cell against the toxic effects of palmitate. As Type 2 diabetes is characterized by subclinical inflammation, and arachidonic acid and metabolites thereof are produced during states of inflammation, it is possible that pancreatic beta-cells use arachidonic acid as a compound for self-protection.
Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation improves fasting and postprandial lipid profiles in hypertriglyceridemic men; Background: The effects of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the mean size and concentrations of VLDL, LDL, and HDL subclasses have not been previously studied.
Role of Diet in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Prevention and Treatment; Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide and a growing healthcare problem. Identification of modifiable risk factors for prevention and treatment of COPD is urgent, and the scientific community has begun to pay close attention to diet as an integral part of COPD management, from prevention to treatment. This review summarizes the evidence from observational and clinical studies regarding the impact of nutrients and dietary patterns on lung function and COPD development, progression, and outcomes, with highlights on potential mechanisms of action. Several dietary options can be considered in terms of COPD prevention and/or progression. Although definitive data are lacking, the available scientific evidence indicates that some foods and nutrients, especially those nutraceuticals endowed with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties and when consumed in combinations in the form of balanced dietary patterns, are associated with better pulmonary function, less lung function decline, and reduced risk of COPD. Knowledge of dietary influences on COPD may provide health professionals with an evidence-based lifestyle approach to better counsel patients toward improved pulmonary health.
LIPID ACCUMULATION PRODUCT AND METABOLICALLY UNHEALTHY RISK IN SUBCLINICAL ATHEROSCLEROTIC PERINIENOPAUSAL/MENOPAUSAL WOMEN; Background: The most profound metabolic abnormalities has related with central obesity that effect from fat distribution to abdominal. Central fat distribution has associated with an increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The alternative measurement as Lipid accumulation product (LAP) was index of lipid accumulation used waist circumference (WC) and fasting triglycerides (TG). Objective: To investigate whether LAP is related to metabolically unhealthy risk in perimenopausal/menopausal women. Materials and Methods: Perimenopausal/menopausal participants without history of CVD were enrolled in the present observational cross-sectional study from Suranaree University of Technology Hospital, Thailand from January 2015 to December 2015. Weight, body mass index (BMI), WC and hip circumferences, waist to hip ratio (WHR), serum levels of lipid and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) were measured. LAP was calculated. High resolution B-mode ultrasonography was performed to measured CIMT. Results: Total 130 perimenopausal/menopausal women were studied: Metabolically unhealthy normal weight and metabolically unhealthy overweight/obese 16.15%, 83.84% respectively. Compared LAP<34.5 and LAP>34.5, LAP>34.5 group was associated with higher age, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, BMI, WHR and lipid ratio (p<0.01). Pearson correlation analyses revealed that metabolic unhealthy normal weight and overweight/obese were significantly associated with LAP index but was negatively correlated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Conclusions: LAP index is a marker to differentiate metabolically unhealthy normal weight to metabolically unhealthy overweight/obesity in perimenopausal/menopausal women.
Lipid nutrition: "In silico" studies and undeveloped experiments; This review examines lipids and lipid-binding sites on proteins in relation to cardiovascular disease. Lipid nutrition involves food energy from ingested fatty acids plus fatty acids formed from excess ingested carbohydrate and protein. Non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and lipoproteins have many detailed attributes not evident in their names. Recognizing attributes of lipid-protein interactions decreases unexpected outcomes. Details of double bond position and configuration interacting with protein binding sites have unexpected consequences in acyltransferase and cell replication events. Highly unsaturated fatty acids (HUFA) have n-3 and n-6 motifs with documented differences in intensity of destabilizing positive feedback loops amplifying pathophysiology. However, actions of NEFA have been neglected relative to cholesterol, which is co-produced from excess food. Native low-density lipoproteins (LDL) bind to a high-affinity cell surface receptor which poorly recognizes biologically modified LDLs. NEFA increase negative charge of LDL and decrease its processing by "normal" receptors while increasing processing by "scavenger" receptors. A positive feedback loop in the recruitment of monocytes and macrophages amplifies chronic inflammatory pathophysiology. Computer tools combine multiple components in lipid nutrition and predict balance of energy and n-3:n-6 HUFA. The tools help design and execute precise clinical nutrition monitoring that either supports or disproves expectations.
CHANGES IN ACUTE RELEASE OF T-PA AFTER CHRONIC ADMINISTRATION OF N-3 POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS INTO RABBITS; The oral administration of a fish oil to rabbits leads to a decrease of the tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) activity in plasma. Tn order to investigate the possible causes of this effect a fish oil was fed during 4 weeks to rabbits and after that t-PA release was provoked by the intravenous injection of epinephrine. Control animals were injected by epinephrine without a pretreatment by a fish oil. The t-PA liberator injection caused a significant, but a transient, increase in t-PA activity both in the fish oil-treated and untreated animals. Although the basal activity of t-PA in the fish oil-treated animals was smaller than in control rabbits, the release of this enzyme after drug stimulation was higher in this group as compared to the untreated animals. At 30 min after injection of epinephrine t-PA activity in the experimental animals was less than in control rabbits.
Effect of preoperative immunonutrition on fecal microbiota in colon cancer patients: a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to evaluate the effect of preoperative immunonutrition on the composition of fecal microbiota following a colon cancer surgery.MATERIALS/METHODS: This study was a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial assessing the impact of preoperative immunonutrition on the postoperative outcomes of colon cancer surgery. Patients with primary colon cancer were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive additional preoperative immunonutrition or a normal diet alone. Oral nutritional supplementation (400 mL/day) with arginine and omega-3 fatty acids were administered to patients in the immunonutrition group for 7 days prior to surgery. Thirty-two fecal samples were collected from 16 patients in each group, and the composition of fecal microbiota was compared between the 2 groups.RESULTS: At the phylum level, no significant difference was observed in the composition of microbiota between the 2 groups (Firmicutes, 69.1% vs. 67.5%, P = 0.624; Bacteroidetes, 19.3% vs. 18.1%, P = 0.663; Actinobacteria, 6.7% vs. 10.6%, P = 0.080). The Firmicutes/Bacteroidetesratio (4.43 +/- 2.32 vs. 4.55 +/- 2.51, P = 0.897) was also similar between the 2 groups. At the genus level, the proportions of beneficial bacteria such as Faecalibacterium spp. (8.1% vs. 6.4%, P = 0.328) and Prevotella spp. (6.9% vs. 4.8%, P = 0.331) were higher, while that of Clostridium spp. was lower (0.5% vs. 1.2%, P = 0.121) in the immunonutrition group, but the difference was not significant.CONCLUSIONS: Immunonutrition showed no significant association with the composition of fecal microbiota. The relationship between immunonutrition and the fecal microbiota should be investigated further in large-scale studies.
Kinetic studies of lipoprotein metabolism in the metabolic syndrome including effects of nutritional interventions; Nutritional interventions may favourably regulate dyslipoproteinemia and, hence, decrease cardiovascular disease risk. Lipoprotein kinetic studies afford a powerful approach to understanding and defining the mechanisms by which such interventions modulate lipoprotein metabolism. Stable isotope tracers and compartment models are now commonly employed for such studies.
Fish-oil supplementation alters numbers of circulating endothelial progenitor cells and microparticles independently of <i>eNOS</i> genotype; Background: Emerging cellular markers of endothelial damage and repair include endothelial microparticles (EMPs) and endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), respectively. Effects of long-chain (LC) n-3 (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and the influence of genetic background on these markers are not known.
Ozone-induced expression of the Arabidopsis <i>FAD7</i> gene requires salicylic acid, but not <i>NPR1</i> and <i>SID2</i>; The Arabidopsis FAD7 gene encodes a plastid omega-3 fatty acid desaturase that catalyzes the desaturation of dienoic fatty acids to trienoic fatty acids in chloroplast membrane lipids. The expression of FAD7 was rapidly and locally induced by ozone exposure, which causes oxidative responses equivalent to pathogen-induced hypersensitive responses and subsequently activates various defense-related genes. This induction was reduced in salicylic acid (SA)-deficient NahG plants expressing SA hydroxylase, but was unaffected in etr1 and jar1 mutants, which are insensitive to ethylene and jasmonic acid (JA), respectively. The SA dependence of the FAD7 induction was confirmed by the exogenous application of SA. SA-induced expression of FAD7 in the npr1 mutant which is defective in an SA signaling pathway occurred to the same extent as in the wild type. Furthermore, in the sid2 mutant which lacks an enzyme required for SA biosynthesis, the expression of FAD7 was induced by ozone exposure. These results suggest that the ozone-induced expression of FAD7 gene requires SA, but not ethylene, JA, NPR1 and SID2.
Dietary and cancer-related behaviors of vitamin/mineral dietary supplement users in a large cohort of French women; Several epidemiological studies suggested an association between vitamin/mineral dietary supplement use and cancer risk. However, characteristics of supplement users may themselves be related to cancer risk, and therefore could confound such etiological studies. Very little is known about the characteristics of French supplement users.
Ponderal behavior of rats fed an omegas 3, 6 and 9 enriched diet submitted to colon carcinogenesis induced by azoxymethane; PURPOSE: To assess weight changes in rats fed diets with different ratios of omegas 3, 6 and 9 submitted to colonic carcinogenesis induced by Azoxymethane (AOM).
Validation and reproducibility of a short food frequency questionnaire for cardiovascular prevention; Background. - Diet strongly influences cardiovascular risk. Dietary evaluation is a major issue in cardiovascular prevention, but few simple tools are available. Our team previously validated a short food frequency questionnaire; a new version of this questionnaire (Cardiovascular Dietary Questionnaire 2 [CDQ-2]) is easier to complete and more reliable. Aims. - To validate CDQ-2 in comparison with the original version, and to test its reproducibility. Methods. - CDQ-2 has 17 closed-ended questions; it provides a global dietary score that is a combination of specific scores for saturated, monounsaturated and omega-3 fatty acids, and fruit and vegetables. CDQ-2 was validated against the original version in two groups, who com-pleted both questionnaires: 99 patients with cardiovascular risk factors and 50 healthy subjects. Reproducibility was assessed with 27 health professionals who completed the questionnaire twice, with a 1-month interval. Results. - The correlation coefficients of the scores between the two questionnaires ranged from 0.65 (monounsaturated fatty acids) to 0.93 (fruit and vegetables) (all P < 0.001). The percentage of subjects classified in the same quartile by both questionnaires ranged from 56% (omega-3 fatty acids) to 78% (fruit and vegetables). The percentage of subjects classified in the same or adjacent quartile ranged from 91% to 99%. The intraclass correlation coefficients, which assessed reproducibility, ranged from 0.61 (fruit and vegetables) to 0.88 (saturated fatty acids) (P < 0.001). Conclusions. - This new version of the short dietary questionnaire shows good reproducibility and correlations with the original version; use and reliability are improved, which makes CDQ-2 a valuable tool for cardiovascular prevention. (c) 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Influence of sources of dietary oils on the life span of stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats; In recent studies, the life span of stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive (SHRSP) rats was altered by a variety of dietary fats. it was relatively shorter in rats fed canola oil as the sole source of fat. The present study was performed to find out whether the fatty acid profile and the high content of sulfur compounds in canola oil could modulate the life span of SHRSP rats. SHRSP rats (47 d old, n = 23/group) were matched by body weight and systolic blood pressure and fed semipurified diets containing 10% canola oil, high-palmitic canola oil, low-sulfur canola oil, soybean oil, high-oleic safflower oil, a far blend that mimicked the fatty acid composition of canola oil, or a fat blend high in saturated fatty acids. A 1% sodium chloride solution was used as drinking water to induce hypertension. After consuming the diets for 37 d, five rats from each dietary group were killed for collection of blood and tissue samples for biochemical analysis. The 18 remaining animals from each group were used for determining their life span. The mean survival time of SHRSP rats fed canola oil (87.4 +/- 4.0 d) was not significantly different (P > 0.05) from those fed low-sulfur canola oil (89.7 +/- 8.5 d), suggesting that content of sulfur in canola oil has no effect on the life span of SHRSP rats. The SHRSP rats fed the noncanola oil-based diets lived longer (mean survival time difference was 6-13 d, P < 0.05) than those fed canola and low-sulfur canola oils. No marked differences in the survival times were observed among the noncanola oil-based groups. The fatty acid composition of the dietary oils and of red blood cells and liver of SHRSP rats killed after 37 d of treatment showed no relationship with the survival times. These results suggest that the fatty acid profile of vegetable oils plays no important role on the life span of SHRSP rat. However, phytosterols in the dietary oils and in liver and brain were inversely correlated with the mean survival times, indicating that the differential effects of vegetable oils might be ascribed, at least partly, to their different phytosterol contents.
Circulating plasma fatty acids and risk of pancreatic cancer: Results from the Golestan Cohort Study; Background & aims: Pancreatic cancer (PC) with a dismal prognosis is considered as a fatal malignancy, attracting the scientists' attention to study its causes and pathogenesis pathways. Given the lack of enough evidence and conflicting findings about the association of PC risk with plasma fatty acids, we aimed to explore the associations of circulating plasma fatty acids with the risk of PC in a cohort study.
INVIVO AND INVITRO LIPID-ACCUMULATION IN BORAGO-OFFICINALIS L; Seeds of 13 accessions of borage (Borago officinalis) varied in total fatty acid content from 28.6 to 35.1% seed weight, with linoleic, .gamma.-linolenic, oleic and palmitic as the predominant fatty acids, averaging 38.1%, 22.8%, 16.3%, and 11.3% of total fatty acids, respectively. There was an inverse relation between .gamma.-linolenic acid (25.0 to 17.6%) and oleic acid (14.5 to 21.3%). Fatty acid content of leaf tissues was 91% dry weight, with .alpha.-linoleic acid 55.2% and .gamma.-linolenic acid 4.4% of total fatty acids. Cotyledons were the major source of fatty acids in seeds. Seed fatty acid content increased from < 1 mg at six days postanthesis to about seven mg at maturity (22 to 24 days). Individual fatty acid content of seed was relatively constant after day 8. When immature embryos from 6 to 16 days postanthesis were cultured in a liquid or semisolid basal medium, fatty acid composition was similar to that of in vivo-grown seeds. Growth of cultured embryos decreased as sucrose concentration was increased from 3 to 20% in the basal medium, and most embryos did not survive 30% sucrose; fatty acid as a percentage of dry weight was maximal at 6% sucrose.
The role of pathogenic and protective dietary factors and non-traditional risk factors in the coronary epidemic of Central and Eastern Europe; The rising epidemic of coronary heart disease in the countries of the former Soviet bloc led us to evaluate pathogenic and protective dietary risk factors in 19 countries. Countries were placed into four groups based on cultural patterns (Central and Eastern Europe, Western Europe and the United States, Mediterranean, and Asian). Coronary mortality data were available for 16 countries. In all geographic groups women had approximately one-half the coronary mortality of men. The descending order of coronary mortality was Central and Eastern Europe, Western Europe and the United States, Mediterranean, and Japan. Ninety-four (in women) to ninety-six (in men) percent of coronary mortality could be explained by dietary folate, the Cholesterol-Saturated Fat Index, n-6 fatty acids, and the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids. Folate intake explained a large part of coronary mortality (61% for men and 54% for women). Findings from several studies suggest that women may cat healthier diets than men eat, which may contribute to women's lower coronary mortality when compared to men. While the role of non-traditional risk factors such as C-reactive protein, homocysteine, lipoprotein (a), and endothelial dysfunction is yet to be determined, a low folate intake in Central and Eastern Europe may be associated with higher homocysteine levels and increased coronary risk.
Effects of low-dose aspirin and fish oil on platelet function and NF-kappaB in adults with diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Many diabetics are insensitive to aspirin's platelet anti-aggregation effects. The possible modulating effects of co-administration of aspirin and fish oil in subjects with diabetes are poorly characterized.
Immunocytochemical localization of cPLA<sub>2</sub> in rat and monkey spinal cord; Rat spinal cord contains a high level of calcium-dependent cytosolic phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2)) activity. A dense immunoreactivity is present in motor neurons from cervical, thoracic, lumbar, and sacral regions of rat spinal cord. Under normal conditions, this enzyme liberates arachidonic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid that is a second messenger itself, and a precursor for eicosanoids. However, under pathological conditions during spinal cord injury, intracellular calcium increases so the cytosolic PLA(2) may also be involved in the release and accumulation of arachidonic acid, eicosanoids, and lipid peroxides.
Mitochondrial membrane alterations by aging and diet: Impact on recovery of myocardial function after stress; Compared to hearts from younger counterparts, the senescent myocardium has a reduced capacity to recover from aerobic or ischemic stress and exhibits a reduced Ca2+ tolerance during increased Ca2+ influx due to augmented cardiac work, post-ischemic reflow or oxidative stress. Brief stress that perturbs Ca2+ homeostasis is usually managed in part by mitochondrial buffering of Ca2+ but prolonged stress leads to loss of ionic and metabolic homeostasis, accumulation of toxic metabolite and peroxidation products, leading to cell injury and arrhythmias. Myocardial cell membrane "remodeling" is a major factor underlying the relative Ca2+ intolerance in senescence. In addition to cell loss, cells increase in size and exhibit altered gene expression of key proteins, including those that sustain Ca2+ homeostasis. Major membrane changes in aging include increases in membrane rigidity, cholesterol, phosphatidylcholine, omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), 4-hydroxy-2 nonenal, and decreases in omega-3 PUFA, mitochondrial cardiolipin, and antioxidants such as coenzyme Q(10) (CoQ(10)). These alterations have profound consequences on the efficacy of membrane proteins involved with ion homeostasis, signal transduction, redox reactions and oxidative phosphorylation. Compared to young hearts, mitochondria in aged hearts have a greater propensity for augmented generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) with negative consequences that are compounded by reduced levels of SOD and CoQ(10). Notably, some of the age-related adaptations described above can be beneficially modified by dietary strategy. Diet rich in omega-3 PUFA reverses the age-associated membrane omega-6: omega-3 PUFA imbalance, attenuates mitochondrial phospholipid modification and Ca2+ homeostasis, and facilitates increased efficiency of energy production and improved tolerance of ischemia-reperfusion. CoQ(10), from diet or in vitro treatment, reverses the age-associated decline in mitochondrial CoQ(10) levels and augments the efficiency of ADP:O consumption. Direct CoQ(10) treatment of senescent myocardial cells in vitro results in reduced susceptibility to ROS-induction of the mitochondrial permeability transition pore and cell death. CoQ(10) treatment of senescent isolated working rat hearts reverses age-associated reduction in O-2- Utilisation efficiency during high work aerobic pacing stress. CoQ(10) treatment of senescent human atrial trabeculae increases post-ischemic recovery of contractile function. Thus, dietary modification of cardiac membrane lipid and antioxidant content may have a profound impact on age-associated myocardial adaptation and response to ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Metal-phenolic nanocatalyst rewires metabolic vulnerability for catalytically amplified ferroptosis; Ferroptosis is associated with excessive lipid peroxidation (LPO) accumulation, followed by membrane fragmentation. Although lipid metabolism is essential for regulating ferroptosis execution in tumors, there has been no use of nanomedicine to modulate the effect of metabolic vulnerability on ferroptosis. This study presents a metal-phenolic nanocatalyst (Fe@MT nanocatalyst), self-assembled using ferric ions (Fe3+) and coordinating with mitoxantrone (MT). This nanocatalyst accumulates lipid peroxides to strengthen ferroptotic vulnerability by initiating reactive oxygen species (ROS) storm and remodeling polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs)-containing lipid metabolism. Fe@MT nanocatalyst catalytically converts endogenous hydrogen peroxide into highly active hydroxyl radical and depletes high intracellular levels of glutathione upon its internalization by U87MG cells, resulting in the release of MT, which in return promotes irreversible ferroptosis by elevating the intracellular production of ROS-sensitive PUFAs and inducing lethal LPO. Fe@MT nanocatalyst exhibits near-infrared photothermal property because of Fe3+ and MT self-assembly, causing photothermal-amplified catalytic ferroptosis therapy. This study sheds new light on promoting the sensitivity and execution of ferroptosis by reinforcing lethal lipid metabolism and accumulating excessive LPO and will establish an exploitable interaction between ferroptosis and lipid metabolic vulnerability in cancer.
Herbal Medications in Cardiovascular Medicine; Herbal medications are commonly used for clinical purposes, including the treatment of cardiovascular conditions. Compared with conventional medications, herbal medications do not require clinical studies before their marketing or formal approval from regulatory agencies, and for this reason their efficacy and safety are rarely proven. In this review, we summarize available evidence on herbal medications mostly used in cardiovascular medicine. We show that the use of these medications for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases is often not supported by scientific evidence. Despite most of these herbs showing an effect on biological mechanisms related to the cardiovascular system, data on their clinical effects are lacking. Potential relevant side effects, including increased risk of drug interactions, are described, and the possibility of contamination or substitution with other medications represents a concern. Physicians should always assess the use of herbal medications with patients and discuss the possible benefits and side effects with them. (C) 2017 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Development of a nutrient database and distributions for use in a probabilistic risk-benefit analysis of human seafood consumption; Human consumption of seafood can be promoted because of its positive health effects. Conversely, it is a source of chemical contaminants. Due to this dilemma, a probabilistic intake assessment of nutrients and contaminants via seafood is of interest to provide more detailed information. A key component of such an assessment is the selection of the most appropriate input distributions to describe the consumption and concentration data. This paper describes the construction of a nutrient database, pooling vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid concentrations in seafood from different publications and the encountered problems related to a lack or inconsistency of information given in these publications: food description, number of samples, sampling plan, sources of the values, limit of quantification (LOQ), etc. Different solutions have been proposed and the study resulted in a huge database allowing the description of distributions of vitamin D, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentration and their variability in 34 seafood species relevant for Belgian consumption. The distribution fitting and selection procedure resulted in different models for the different species and nutrients. The normal and lognormal distributions are most frequently used, followed by the uniform, beta and loglogistic distribution. (C) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mechanisms for the effects of fish oil lipid emulsions in the management of parenteral nutrition-associated liver disease; Parenteral nutrition (PN) can be life saving for infants unable to adequately absorb enteral nutrients due to intestinal failure from inadequate bowel length or function. However, long-term PN carries significant morbidity and mortality, with 30 to 60% of patients developing progressive liver dysfunction. The etiology of PN-associated liver disease (PNALD) is poorly understood, however the involvement of lipid emulsions in its pathogenesis has been clearly established, with new emphasis emerging on the role of omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Recent studies evaluating the use of parenteral fish oil lipid emulsions instead of soybean oil lipid emulsions have demonstrated marked improvements in cholestasis, morbidity, and mortality in patients with PNALD treated with fish oil. This review provides an overview of the role of lipid emulsions in the pathogenesis of PNALD and the proposed mechanisms by which parenteral fish oil lipid emulsions may be exerting their beneficial effects. (c) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
AN ARTIFICIAL DIET FOR GYPSY MOTH PORTHETRIA DISPAR (LEPIDOPTERA - LYMANTRIIDAE); A diet developed originally for rearing bollworms was modified by adding linolenic acid, and increasing the quantity of wheat germ meal. Individuals reared on this diet exceeded field-collected specimens in size, weight, and egg production. Surface disinfection of eggs with sodium hypochlorite greatly reduced mortality from disease, especially nuclear polyhedrosis. Methods of handling eggs and larvae are described.
Role of oxidative damage and IL-1 beta-converting enzyme-like proteases in Fas-based cytotoxicity exerted by effector T cells; The implication of oxidative damage and/or intact mitochondrial function in physiological Fas-based cytotoxicity has been tested using the cytolytic hybridoma d11S and the CD8(+) CTL clone KB5.C20, previously stimulated to express Fas ligand (Fast) on their surface, as effecters and U937 or U937-p(0) cells (depleted of mitochondrial DNA) as targets. Immobilized anti-Fas mAb, which induced death of U937 cells, inhibited the growth of U937-p(0) cells but without inducing cell death. By contrast, Fast-expressing effecters readily killed both targets, with induction of DNA fragmentation, in 20 h assays. These results demonstrate the lack of involvement of mitochondrial-derived free radicals and/or intact mitochondrial function in physiological Fas-based cytotoxicity. Supplementation of Fas-sensitive cells (Jurkat, U937, L1210Fas) with a polyunsaturated fatty acid, which induces cell death through the generation of lipid free radicals, resulted in the potentiation of Fas-based cytotoxicity. This potentiating effect, but not Fas-based cytotoxicity itself, was eliminated by the physiological antioxidant vitamin E. On the other hand, the IL-lp-converting enzyme (ICE)-like protease tetrapeptide inhibitor Ac-YVAD-cmk partially inhibited Fas-based cytotoxicity, while the specific inhibitor of CPP32/Yama Ac-DEVD-CHO was a much more effective inhibitor of Fas-induced apoptosis. It was concluded that Fas-induced cytotoxicity was clearly dependent on ICE-like protease activation, and especially on that of CPP32 in Fas-sensitive cells, including mitochondrial DNA-depleted ones.
THE EFFECTS OF DIETARY MACKEREL OIL ON PLASMA AND CELL-MEMBRANE LIPIDS, ON HEMODYNAMICS AND CARDIAC-ARRHYTHMIAS DURING RECURRENT ACUTE-ISCHEMIA IN THE PIG; Fish-oil nutrition leads to a change in fatty acid composition of cellular membranes. To investigate whether this affects cardiac responses to acute myocardial ischemia, pigs were fed a 9.1% (w/w) mackerel-oil (n = 8) or 9.1% (w/w) lard-fat diet (n - 8). Eight weeks mackerel-oil feeding reduced plasmacholesterol (51%) and triglyceride (48%), while the n-6 fatty acids of cardiac and platelet membrane phospholipids were partially replaced by n-3-fatty acids. After 8 weeks the animals were anesthetized and the left anterior descending coronary artery was occluded 6 times for a period of 5 min at 15 min intervals. Recovery of cardiac function and the incidence of cardiac arrhythmias were similar for both dietary groups. However, during the last reperfusions, hyperremic responses were less in magnitude and shorter lasting in the lard-fat (81 .+-. 17 ml/min) than in the mackerel-oil group (129 .+-. 18 ml/min). This may be caused by a difference in thromboxane synthesis, as coronary  venous blood thromboxane B2 levels were higher in the lard-fat (77 .+-. 6 pg/ml) than in the mackerel-oil group (19 .+-. 7 pg/ml, P < 0.05) during peak hyperemia. The low baseline levels of both thromboxane B2 and 6-keto prostaglandin F1alpha in fish-oil fed animals originate from the reduced content of precursor fatty acid in the membrane phospholipids. In conclusion, despite marked changes in membrane fatty acid composition induced by prolonged feeding with fish oil, no modification of  recovery of cardiac function and of incidence of cardiac arrhythmias was found during acute recurrent ischemia.
PLATELET ACTIVATION AND PLATELET LIPID-COMPOSITION IN PULMONARY-CANCER; In order to investigate the possible mechanisms underlying platelet functional changes in patients affected by neoplasms, platelet lipid composition, plasma beta-thromboglobulin (Beta-TG) and serum thromboxane B-2 (TXB(2)) were investigated in 16 male patients affected by pulmonary carcinoma and in 16 comparable control subjects, In patients high levels of plasma Beta-TG (67 +/- 9 versus controls 14 +/- 4 ng/ml, p < 0.001) and serum TXB(2) (434 +/- 56 versus 223 +/- 48 ng/ml, p < 0.001) were observed, Also platelet lipid composition was found altered in patients with respect to controls (lower percent levels in n-3 fatty acids and in linoleic acid esterified in the main platelet phospholipid fractions: at least p < 0.05), These results indicate that in vivo platelet activation is detectable in neoplastic patients and it is associated with alterations in platelet lipid composition, In the light of the important role played by membrane lipids in platelet functions related to thrombosis and haemostasis we conclude that platelet lipid changes could cooperate in platelet activation and increased thrombotic risk so frequently observed in neoplastic disease,
Two Blends of Refined Rice Bran, Flaxseed, and Sesame Seed Oils Affect the Blood Lipid Profile of Chinese Adults with Borderline Hypercholesterolemia to a Similar Extent as Refined Olive Oil; Background: Individual vegetable oils have a characteristic fatty acids (FA) composition and unique phytonutrient profiles, enabling formulation of oil blends that may have health-promoting effects.
Metabolic Profiles Distinguish Non-Dampness-Phlegm and Dampness-Phlegm Patterns among Korean Patients with Acute Cerebral Infarction; Traditional Korean Medicine classifies stroke into four subtype patterns according to symptomatic pattern identification: Qi deficiency (QD), Yin deficiency (YD), Dampness-phlegm (DP), and Fire and Heat (FH). This study investigated the difference in metabolic profiles of plasma comparing subjects displaying non-DP and DP patterns. A total of 141 patients with cerebral infarction enrolled in this study were distributed as non-DP (N = 68) and DP(N = 73). Anthropometric parameters and symptom/sign index were measured. Metabolic profiling was performed using ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. The Ratio of subjects with slippery pulse was higher in DP pattern, but fine pulse was lower than that in non-DP pattern. As a result of metabolomics analysis, twenty-one metabolites displayed different levels between non-DP and DP patterns. Two were identified as lysophosphatidylcholines (LPCs), LPC(18:2), and LPC(20:3) having an unsaturated acyl chain and showed lower levels in DP pattern than in non-DP pattern (P = 0.015, 0.034, resp.). However, the saturated LPCs, LPC(18:0) and LPC(16:0), exhibited slight but statistically insignificant elevation in DP pattern. Our results demonstrated that plasma LPCs with polyunsaturated fatty acid groups were associated with DP pattern and suggest that variation of plasma lipid profiles may serve as potential biomarker for diagnosis of DP pattern.
Fatty acids and other lipids of corals: Composition, distribution, and biosynthesis; This paper reviews the literature data on the composition, structure, and distribution of the main lipid classes and their fatty acids in reef-building and soft corals and in hydrocorals of the genus Millepora. The review presents information about more than 150 coral species from tropical and cold waters of the World Ocean, as well as data on the influence of environmental factors on the lipid compositions of corals. The possible pathways of polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis in corals are discussed.
Mechanisms of Parenteral Nutrition-Associated Liver and Gut Injury; Parenteral nutrition (PN) has revolutionized the care of patients with intestinal failure by providing nutrition intravenously. Worldwide, PN remains a standard tool of nutrition delivery in neonatal, pediatric, and adult patients. Though the benefits are evident, patients receiving PN can suffer serious cholestasis due to lack of enteral feeding and sometimes have fatal complications from liver injury and gut atrophy, including PN-associated liver disease or intestinal failure-associated liver disease. Recent studies into gut-systemic cross talk via the bile acid-regulated farnesoid X receptor (FXR)-fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19) axis, gut microbial control of the TGR5-glucagon-like peptide (GLP) axis, sepsis, and role of prematurity of hepatobiliary receptors are greatly broadening our understanding of PN-associated injury. It has also been shown that the composition of omega-6/omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids given parenterally as lipid emulsions can variably drive damage to hepatocytes and cell integrity. This manuscript reviews the mechanisms for the multifactorial pathogenesis of liver disease and gut injury with PN and discusses novel ameliorative strategies.
Intake of Palm Olein and Lipid Status in Healthy Adults: A Meta-Analysis; It is not clear whether a saturated fatty acid-rich palm olein diet has any significant adverse effect on established surrogate lipid markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. We reviewed the effect of palm olein with other oils on serum lipid in healthy adults. We searched in MEDLINE and CENTRAL: Central Register of Controlled Trials from 1975 to January 2018 for randomized controlled trials of >= 2 wk intervention that compared the effects of palm olein (the liquid fraction of palm oil) with other oils such as coconut oil, lard, canola oil, high-oleic sunflower oil, olive oil, peanut oil, and soybean oil on changes in serum lipids. Nine studies were eligible and were included, with a total of 533 and 542 subjects on palm olein and other dietary oil diets, respectively. We extracted and compared all the data for serum lipids, such as total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglyceride, and TC/HDL cholesterol ratio. When comparing palm olein with other dietary oils, the overall weighted mean differences for TC, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and the TC/HDL cholesterol ratio were -0.10 (95% CI: -0.30, 0.10; P = 0.34), -0.06 (95% CI: -0.29,0.16; P = 0.59), 0.02 (95% CI: -0.01, 0.04; P = 0.20), 0.01 (95% CI: -0.05, 0.06; P = 0.85), and -0.15 (95% CI: -0.43, 0.14; P = 0.32), respectively. Overall, there are no significant differences in the effects of palm olein intake on lipoprotein biomarkers (P>0.05) compared with other dietary oils. However, dietary palm olein was found to have effects comparable to those of other unsaturated dietary oils (monounsaturated fatty acid- and polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich oils) but differed from that of saturated fatty acid-rich oils with respect to the serum lipid profile in healthy adults.
Dietary Supplements-For Whom? The Current State of Knowledge about the Health Effects of Selected Supplement Use; Dietary supplements are products containing nutrients sold in various medicinal forms, and their widespread use may stem from the conviction that a preparation that looks like a drug must have therapeutic properties. The aim of this scoping review is to present what is known about the effects of using selected dietary supplements in the context of chronic diseases, as well as the risks associated with their use. The literature shows that the taking of vitamin and mineral supplements by healthy people neither lowers their risk of cardiovascular diseases nor prevents the development of malignancies. Many scientific societies recognize that omega-3 fatty acids lower blood triglycerides, but whether taking them prevents heart disease is less clear-cut. Taking weight loss supplements is not an effective method of fighting obesity. Often, some supplements are increasingly sold illegally, which is then also associated with the higher risk that they may be adulterated with banned substances, thus making them even more dangerous and potentially life-threatening. Supplements are necessary in cases of nutrient deficiency; however, even though prescription is not required, their use should be recommended and monitored by a physician.
Future perspectives of the pharmacological management of diabetic dyslipidemia; Introduction: Diabetic dyslipidemia is frequent among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and is characterized by an increase in triglycerides (TGs), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and small-dense (atherogenic) particles, and by a decrease in low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein (Apo) A1 that are strongly related to insulin resistance. The increased flux of free fatty acids from adipose tissue to the liver aggravates hepatic insulin resistance and promotes all of aspects of the dyslipidemic state. Areas covered: Statins are the first-line agents for treatment while other lipid-lowering drugs (ezetimibe, fibrate and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9) or novel anti-diabetic agents (dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4is), glucagon like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1RA), sodium/glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is)) or nutraceuticals (berberine, omega 3 fatty acid, red yeast rice) can be used alone or in combination. Expert commentary: In patients with T2DM, lipid abnormalities should be identified and treated as part of the overall diabetic treatment, in order to prevent cardiovascular disease. The choice of drugs to be used is mainly based on the lipid profile and on the characteristic lipoprotein abnormalities; the use of new drugs for the treatment of hyperglycemia and lipids alteration in these patients can improve diabetic dyslipidemia.
Effect of feeding different sources of fat during gestation and lactation on reproduction of beef cows and calf performance; Experiment 1: Over a 2-yr period, a total of 231 Angus crossbred cows were assigned randomly to one of three gestation diets to evaluate the effects of fat sources on birth weight, weaning weight and average daily gain of calves, calf condition at birth, calf mortality, body weight of cows, gestation length, calving percentage, and the percentages of retained placenta and dystocia. Isonitrogenous and isoenergetic supplements were based on whole flaxseed (FLA), calcium salts of palm oil (Megalaco, MEG) or no fat (CON). All cows were fed grass silage (90% of ad libitum intake) until 1 mo before calving. Cows were then fed grass silage for ad libitum intake until they were put on pasture. Cows were offered 600 g of supplement per head per day starting 43 d before the first calving for a period averaging 78 d. Diet had no effect on body weight (BW) of cows at calving. Birth weights of calves were similar among treatments. However, calf mortality percentage at birth was almost four times higher (P = 0.03) for cows fed CON compared with those fed FLA and MEG. More than 90% of cows rejected placenta within 12 h of calving and treatment had no effect. Cows fed FLA and CON tended (P <= 0.10) to have higher cumulative pregnancy rates (92.9 and 91.9%, respectively) than those fed MEG (76.7%). Experiment 2: From 2000 Jan. 19 to 2000 Sep. 05, 41 heifers received 600 g per head per day of one of the three supplements used in exp. I to determine the effect of fat supplementation during pregnancy and breeding. Diet had no effect on calf birth weight, but contrasts indicated that heifers fed MEG tended (P = 0.09) to have a lower pregnancy rate than those fed CON. These data suggest that cows and heifers fed grass silage and/or on pasture would not be deficient in omega 3 fatty acids, thus would not benefit from a supplement rich in omega 3 fatty acids such as flaxseed. However, fat supplementation contributed to lower calf mortality at birth in cows, but not in heifers.
Bioactive Compounds and Therapeutics from Fish: Revisiting Their Suitability in Functional Foods to Enhance Human Wellbeing; Global public awareness about fish-based diet and its health/nutritional benefits is on the rise. Fish nutritional profile projects promising bioactive and other compounds with innumerable health benefits for human wellbeing. As various reported researches involving fish/marine-derived molecules reveal promising attributes, and as the position of fish-based nutrients as nutraceuticals continue to strengthen, health challenges still confront communities worldwide, from cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and obesity to hypertension. Thus, further understanding of fish-based nutrient impact as functional foods remains crucial given the diverse prevailing compositional/nutraceutical merits. In this review, therefore, we provide important information regarding bioactive compounds and therapeutics obtained from fish, specific to the context of their suitability in functional foods to enhance human health. This contribution is hereby constructed as follows: (a) fish nutraceutical/therapeutic components, (b) constituents of fish-based nutrients and their suitability in functional foods, (c) fish antioxidant/bioactive compounds to help alleviate health conditions, (d) common human ailments alleviated by fish-based nutrients, and (e) role of fish in mental health and immune system. As increased fish consumption should be encouraged, the potential of the quality proteins, omega-3 fatty acids, and other compounds inherent in fish should steadily be harnessed.
Formulation of Zero-Trans Crystalized Fats Produced from Palm Stearin and High Oleic Safflower Oil Blends; High intake of trans fat is associated with several chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer. Fat blends, produced by direct blending process of palm stearin (PS) with high oleic safflower oil (HOSO) in different concentrations, were investigated. The effects of the PS addition (50, 70, or 90%) and the rate of agitation (RA) (1000, 2000, or 3000 rpm) on physical properties, fatty acid profile (FAP), trans fatty acids (TFA), crystal structure, and consistency were researched. The blend containing 50% of each sort of oil (50% PS/50% HOSO) showed that melting point and features were similar to the control shortening. The saturated fatty acids (SFA) were higher followed by monounsaturated (MUFA) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). Significant differences in the content of palmitic and oleic acids among blends were observed. The 50% PS/50% HOSO blend contained higher oleic acid (42.9%) whereas the 90% PS/10% HOSO was higher in palmitic acid (56.9%). The blending of PS/HOSO promoted the.. crystal polymorphic forms. The direct blending process of equal amounts of PS and HOSO was an adequate strategy to formulate a new zero-trans crystallized vegetable fats with characteristics similar to commercial counterparts with well-balanced fats rich in both omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids.
Eicosapentaenoic acid improves endothelial function and nitric oxide bioavailability in a manner that is enhanced in combination with a statin; The endothelium exerts many vasoprotective effects that are largely mediated by release of nitric oxide (NO). Endothelial dysfunction represents an early but reversible step in atherosclerosis and is characterized by a reduction in the bioavailability of NO. Previous studies have shown that eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), an omega-3 fatty acid (O3FA), and statins individually improve endothelial cell function, but their effects in combination have not been tested. Through a series of in vitro experiments, this study evaluated the effects of a combined treatment of EPA and the active metabolite of atorvastatin (ATM) on endothelial cell function under conditions of oxidative stress. Specifically, the comparative and time-dependent effects of these agents on endothelial dysfunction were examined by measuring the levels of NO and peroxynitrite (ONOO-) released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). The data suggest that combined treatment with EPA and ATM is beneficial to endothelial function and was unique to EPA and ATM since similar improvements could not be recapitulated by substituting another O3FA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or other TG-lowering agents such as fenofibrate, niacin, or gemfibrozil. Comparable beneficial effects were observed when HUVECs were pretreated with EPA and ATM before exposure to oxidative stress. Interestingly, the kinetics of EPA-based protection of endothelial function in response to oxidation were found to be significantly different than those of DHA. Lastly, the beneficial effects on endothelial function generated by combined treatment of EPA and ATM were reproduced when this study was expanded to an ex vivo model utilizing rat glomerular endothelial cells. Taken together, these findings suggest that a combined treatment of EPA and ATM can inhibit endothelial dysfunction that occurs in response to conditions such as hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, and dyslipidemia.
Top studies relevant to primary care from 2018 From PEER; Objective To summarize high-quality studies for 10 topics from 2018 that have strong relevance to primary care practice.
Herring roe oil in treatment of psoriasis - influence on immune cells and cytokine network; BackgroundPsoriasis is a chronic immune-mediated skin disease with systemic inflammation and comorbidities. Although the disease severity may vary over time, many patients suffer from mild to moderate disease. Often local treatment will be sufficient to control the symptoms, but they may have several side effects. & omega;-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids have shown promising results in clinical trials with mild-to-moderate psoriasis.MethodsWe explored the impact of phospholipid bound docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid in a 3:1 ratio on immune cells and cytokine networks in peripheral blood of patients with psoriasis. We investigated the inter-relation of plasma cytokine levels and disease severity in 58 patients, and explored the status of circulating immune cell activity in 18 patients with non-severe psoriasis before and during herring roe oil supplementation. Plasma concentration of 22 cytokines was measured by Luminex technology and circulating immune cells were analyzed by multicolor flow cytometry.ResultsCCL2 levels decreased over time, and IFN-& gamma;R1 increased, possibly related to the action of & omega;-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. We observed a shift from naive to effector CD4+ T cells and decreases of CD38 expression on CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, CD56bright NK cells and CD14+CD16- classical monocytes.ConclusionsThese findings support the beneficial effect of herring roe oil supplementation.
Large-scale plasma metabolome analysis reveals alterations in HDL metabolism in migraine; Objective
Effects of soybean D-LeciVita product on serum lipids and fatty acid composition in type 2 diabetic patients with hyperlipidemia; Background and aim: Hyperlipidemia is one of the major risk factors of cardiovascular complication in diabetes. High intake of soy product has been suggested to prevent cardiovascular disease. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if dietary supplement of soybean D-LeciVita product, rich in polyunsaturated phospholipids (with 12% lecithin, 35% soy protein) affects serum lipids and serum and erythrocyte phospholipid fatty acid composition in type 2 diabetic patients.
Monitoring of fatty acids composition of intraperitoneal, subcutaneus and intramuscular fat in commercial hybrids of sturgeon (<i>Acipenser baeri</i> x <i>Acipenser transmontanus</i>) during storage at 4 °C; The composition of fatty acids (FA) in sturgeon, was studied during cold storage at 4 degreesC. Three different categories of lipid tissues (intramuscular, subcutaneous and intraperitoneal), were sampled at 0, 3 and 5 days of cold storage. The results showed a good level of preservation of the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) during the first 3 days of storage. Significant differences (p:5:0,05) were found between means at 0 and 5 days: at the day 0 PUFA in intramuscular, in subcutaneous and in intraperitoneal lipid tissues were respectively 18.86, 21.52 and 17.23 g/100 g of lipid extract, while at day 5 after death there were 12.34, 11.86 and 10.01 g/100 g of lipid extract, respectively. Results showed a strong decrease of FA content of the three lipid tissues sampled during the five days of cold storage and the main FA classes showed a similar trend of variation.
A historical, evidence-based, and narrative review on commonly used dietary supplements in lipid-lowering; Dietary supplements augment the nutritional value of everyday food intake and originate from the historical practices of ancient Egyptian herbalists. In modern-day medicine, the use of dietary supplements continues to increase in popularity with greater than 50% of the US population reporting taking supplements. To further compound this trend, many patients believe that dietary supplements are equally or more effective than evidence-based therapies for lipoprotein and lipid-lowering. Supplements such as red yeast rice, omega-3 fatty acids, garlic, cinnamon, plant sterols, and turmeric are marketed to and believed by consumers to promote "cholesterol health." However, these supplements are not subjected to the same manufacturing scrutiny by the Food and Drug Administration as pharmaceutical drugs and as such, the exact contents and level of ingredients in each of these may vary. Furthermore, supplements do not have to demonstrate efficacy or safety before being marketed. The holistic approach to lowering atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk makes dietary supplements an attractive option to many patients; however, their use should not come at the expense of established therapies with proven benefits. In this narrative review, we provide a historical and evidence-based approach to the use of some dietary supplements in lipoprotein and lipidlowering and provide a framework for managing patient expectations.
Strategies to decrease oxidative stress biomarker levels in human medical conditions: A meta-analysis on 8-iso-prostaglandin F<sub>2</sub><sub>α</sub>; The widespread detection of elevated oxidative stress levels in many medical conditions has led to numerous efforts to design interventions to reduce its effects. Efforts have been wide-ranging, from dietary changes to administration of antioxidants, supplements, e.g., omega-3-fatty acids, and many medications. However, there is still no systemic assessment of the efficacy of treatments for oxidative stress reduction across a variety of medical conditions.
Adherence to Lipid-Lowering Medication in People Living with HIV: An Outpatient Clinic Drug Direct Distribution Experience; Objective: Adherence to lipid-lowering drugs could be challenging in our patients as it is in the general population, which is described as low as 25%. Our aim was to evaluate adherence to statins and to investigate clinical event impact on it. Methods: This retrospective study on HIV+ patients attending to Clinic of Modena (Italy) was conducted in order to evaluate characteristics, clinical events, and adherence on lipid-lowering drugs. All drugs for comorbidities are distributed by the hospital pharmacy and recorded in an electronical database. Adherence was also evaluated in patients who were supplied with antilipemics in external pharmacies through phone calls. Patients were considered adherent if the percentage of correct time of drug refill was >80%. Findings: Totally 1123 patients were evaluated. Lipid-lowering drugs (statins, fenofibrate, and omega-3 oil) were prescribed in 242 patients (21.5%). Prescription occurred mainly in those who were older, males, and Italians. Two hundred of them (82.6%) used statins alone, 23 (9.5%) only fenofibrate or omega-3 oil, and 19 (7.8%) a combination of both drugs. The median adherence was 90% while patients with adherence >80% resulted 153 (63.2%). Forty-six (19%) had a clinical history of cardiovascular events; 59% of them, placed in secondary prophylaxis, and 76%, already in treatment, continued to adhere. No differences in terms of adherence according to the type of drug distribution (hospital pharmacy or outside pharmacies) were found. Conclusion: Linking the supply of these drugs to that of antiretrovirals led to a good level of adherence higher than that described in the general population. The majority of the patients who experienced a cardiovascular event remain adherent to the prescribed therapy.
The Residual Risk Reduction Initiative: a call to action to residual vascular risk in dyslipidaemic patients; Despite current standards of care aimed at achieving targets for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, blood pressure and glycaemia, dyslipidaemic patients remain at high residual risk of vascular events. Atherogenic dyslipidaemia, specifically elevated triglycerides and low levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, often with elevated apolipoprotein B and non-HDL cholesterol, is common in patients with established cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, obesity or metabolic syndrome and is associated with macrovascular and microvascular residual risk. The Residual Risk Reduction Initiative (R(3)i) was established to address this important issue.
Health promoting constituents in plant derived edible oils; Of all the edible oils, only that produced from olives has had its health attributes studied in detail. For maximum nutritional benefit, an edible oil should contain minimal levels of saturated fats, especially lauric and myristic acids and minimal levels of trans fatty acids. If the oils are not to be heated repeatedly and if they contain high levels of antioxidants, they should contain omega-3 and possibly omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The fatty acid profile should be dominated by monounsaturated fatty acids. Secondary products which act as antioxidants including polyphenols, proanthocyanidins, tocopherols and carotenoids increase the shelf-life of oils, reportedly reduce cardiovascular disease and provide some anticarcinogenic properties. More research is also required, but there is evidence that phytosterols and squalene are also beneficial components of edible oils. Selection and breeding can be used to increase the desirable components of edible oils. Geographic, culture and environmental factors can influence the properties of the oil produced by crops, and methods of processing can greatly reduce the levels of health promoting components. Despite the current anti-GMO sentiments, biotechnology should be used both in the development of plant cultivars which produce nutritional oils and in processing to maximize the desirable components.
Health burden of unbalanced fatty acids intake from 1990 to 2019: A global analysis; Background: Unbalanced fatty acids intake is associated with a range of health outcomes; however, the impact on human health remains un-clear globally. We aim to provide a comprehensive assessment of the health effect of unbalanced fatty acids intake on a global scale.Methods: We analyzed the trends of summary exposure value (SEV) and the attributable burden of unbalanced fatty acids intake, including diet low in polyunsaturated fatty acids (low PUFAs), diet low in seafood omega-3 fatty acids (low seafood-(u-3)-PUFAs), and diet high in trans fatty acids (high TFAs) from 1990 to 2019 using data from Global Burden of Disease Study 2019.Findings: The global fatty acids intake was far from the optimal level. High-income North America had the highest SEV of diet of high TFAs, while less-developed regions located in Saharan Africa had the highest SEVs of low PUFAs and low seafood-(u-3)-PUFAs. The attrib-utable burden was unequally distributed to less-developed regions. Males had lower SEVs but higher attributable burden than females and this gender gap was particularly pronounced before the age of 59. The young population had a higher SEV of diet of low PUFAs, comparable SEV of low seafood-(u-3)-PUFAs but lower SEV of high TFAs than the elderly population.Conclusions: This study underpinned the high prevalence of unbal-anced fatty acids intake worldwide and provided evidence-based guidance for identifying at-risk populations and developing effective strategies to improve fatty acids intake in the future.
PRELIMINARY EVALUATION OF CANOLA OIL, PORK LARD AND MARINE LIPID SINGLY AND IN COMBINATION AS SUPPLEMENTAL DIETARY-LIPID SOURCES FOR JUVENILE FALL CHINOOK SALMON (ONCORHYNCHUS-TSHAWYTSCHA); Canola oil, pork lard and herring oil singly and in various combinations were assessed as supplemental sources of dietary lipid for juvenile fall chinook salmon held in running, aerated 10-12.degree.C well water on a natural photoperiod for 62 days. Each of the six different types of supplemental lipid comprised about half of the total lipid content (16% of dry matter) in an experimental dry diet (West Van 32). Some groups received Oregon Moist Pellets (OMP), a practical hatchery diet. Thereafter,  the performance of the groups was evaluated in running, aerated 10-14.degree.C seawater for 35 days when all fish received OMP. The type of supplemental dietary lipid did not significantly influence fish growth in freshwater. All groups fed the test dry diets had significantly higher food and protein conversion than those receiving OMP. Best overall food and protein utilization occurred in fish fed West Van 32 supplemented with canola oil or an equal mixture of herring oil with canola oil or lard.  Mortality was negligible in all groups. Body lipid composition generally mirrored that of dietary lipids except (1) percentages of docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6.omega.3) were higher in body lipids than in dietary lipids, (2) groups receiving supplemental canola oil (C), lard (L) or a combination of these sources (C-L) had elevated percentages of .omega. 3 fatty acids in their body lipids and, (3) the range for percentages of saturated fatty acids in body lipids (15.7-22.8%) was smaller than that noted for  dietary lipids (12.5-29.5%). None of the groups showed any ability to metabolically convert dietary linoleic acid (C18:2.omega.6) to arachidonic acid (C20:4.omega.6). However, contrary to other studies on rainbow trout and coho salmon, the fall chinook salmon in this study metabolically adapted to a high dietary level of .omega.6 fatty acids (2.6% or 16.2% of dietary lipid level) when the diet simultaneously contained 2.7% .omega.3 fatty acids. Nutritional history in freshwater did not compromise performance in seawater when all groups received OMP. Also, the body lipid compositions of the test groups were transformed to reflect that of OMP after 35 days of seawater culture. It is concluded that canola oil, pork lard and a blend of these lipid sources are potentially excellent alternative types of supplemental dietary lipid for juvenile fall chinook salmon destined for ocean release.
Controversies and discrepancies in the effect of dietary fat and cholesterol on cardiovascular risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide. The top ten causes of death in Singapore include many cardiovascular-related diseases such as ischaemic heart disease. The increasing prevalence of CVD poses a burden to both the economy and healthcare system of a country. Dietary habits, in particular dietary fats and cholesterol intake, have been shown to greatly influence CVD risks. Therefore, reference and adherence to relevant dietary guidelines could be crucial in CVD prevention. Recent research findings have provided novel insights into the relationship between certain dietary fats or cholesterol intake and CVD risks, challenging or reinforcing previous guidelines. These findings may, however, be conflicting, and there are still controversies over the effects of dietary fats and cholesterol as well as their association with cardiovascular risk. This review paper aims to evaluate common controversies, identify gaps in relevant research areas and summarise evidence-based dietary recommendations.
Modulatory Effects and Molecular Mechanisms of Olive Oil and Other Dietary Lipids in Breast Cancer; Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women worldwide. In addition to genetic and endocrine factors, the environment, and specifically dietary habits, plays a key role in the aetiology of this malignancy. Epidemiological and, especially, experimental studies have shown a relationship between dietary lipids and breast cancer although there are conflicting results concerning their potential to modify cancer risk in humans. Abundant data have attributed a potential chemopreventive effect to extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), the main source of fat in the Mediterranean diet, which is associated with low incidence and mortality rates from cardiovascular disease and some cancers, including that of the breast. It is well-established that the healthy effects of EVOO can be attributed both to its particular fatty acid composition (a high content in oleic acid (OA), a suitable quantity of essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and a relatively low n-6 PUFA/n-3 PUFA ratio) and its richness in minor bioactive compounds such as squalene and phenolic antioxidants. The specific mechanisms by which EVOO and other dietary lipids may exert their modulatory effects on cancer are not fully understood although abundant research has proposed the following: They influence in the stages of the carcinogenesis process, oxidative stress, alteration of the hormonal status, modification of the structure and function of cell membranes, modulation of cell signalling transduction pathways, regulation of gene expression and influence in the immune system. This article will explore the current knowledge of these mechanisms, including our own results in the context of the international literature.
Food Customs of Alaska Women of Childbearing Age: The Alaska WIC Healthy Moms Survey; A survey of 60 rural, 62 urban Alaska women (64% Alaska Native) indicated positive dietary and lifestyle habits. Diets were characterized by boiled meats, high intakes of omega-3 fish, sea mammals and few desserts. Food insecurity reported by 39% rural and 7% of urban. Hunger was reported by 16% of rural and 5% of urban women. Traditional activities were walking, harvesting fish and picking berries. One third of calories came from non-traditional sugared and fruit juice beverages. Few respondents reported chronic diseases. Nutrition and health educational interventions in Alaska Native communities should reinforce existing positive lifestyle habits, involve Elders and tribal leaders, and incorporate Native values, customs and traditions.
Potential health benefits of edible insects; Animal-based foods have traditionally been viewed as dietary staples because they provide many essential nutrients; however, edible insects have the potential to serve as healthy, sustainable alternatives to these because of their nutrient contents. Edible insects may have superior health benefits due to their high levels of vitamin B-12, iron, zinc, fiber, essential amino acids, omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, and antioxidants. The addition of edible insects such as crickets to the human diet could offer a myriad of environmental and nutritional benefits including an overall reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, decreased agricultural use of land and water, improved prevention and management of chronic diseases like diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease, and enhanced immune function. Future research should aim to understand the beneficial effects of whole insects or insect isolates in comparison to traditional animal- and plant-based foodstuffs. Ultimately, insects have the potential to be used as meat substitutes or dietary supplements, resulting in human health and environmental benefits. The purpose of this review is to provide additional insight on the nutrient composition of edible insects, their potential use as meat substitutes or dietary supplements, the associated health and wellness benefits, and their potential role in exercise performance.
Healthy aging diets other than the Mediterranean: A focus on the Okinawan diet; The traditional diet in Okinawa is anchored by root vegetables (principally sweet potatoes), green and yellow vegetables, soybean-based foods, and medicinal plants. Marine foods, lean meats, fruit, medicinal garnishes and spices, tea, alcohol are also moderately consumed. Many characteristics of the traditional Okinawan diet are shared With other healthy dietary patterns, including the traditional Mediterranean diet, DASH diet, and Portfolio diet. All these dietary patterns are associated with reduced risk for cardiovascular disease, among other age-associated diseases. Overall, the important shared features of these healthy dietary patterns include: high intake of unrefined carbohydrates, moderate protein intake with emphasis on vegetables/legumes, fish, and lean meats as sources, and a healthy fat profile (higher in mono/polyunsaturated fats, lower in saturated fat; rich in omega-3). The healthy fat intake is likely one mechanism for reducing inflammation, optimizing cholesterol, and other risk factors. Additionally, the lower caloric density of plant-rich diets results in lower caloric intake with concomitant high intake of phytonutrients and antioxidants. Other shared features include low glycemic load, less inflammation and oxidative stress, and potential modulation of aging-related biological pathways. This may reduce risk for chronic age-associated diseases and promote healthy aging and longevity. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Clinical and Immunological Impact of Early Postoperative Enteral Immunonutrition After Total Gastrectomy in Gastric Cancer Patients: A Prospective Randomized Study; Enteral immunodiet has been gaining increasing attention, but experimental data of its clinical effects in patients with gastric cancer are inconsistent, contradictory, and poorly investigated. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of early postoperative enteral immunonutrition on clinical and immunological outcomes in a homogeneous group of gastric cancer patients submitted to total gastrectomy.
In vitro activity of polyunsaturated fatty acids on <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i>:: relationship to lipid peroxidation; Based on previous findings that gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) inhibits Escherichia coli growth and provokes the induction of strains resistant to aminoglycosides, 19 Pseudomonas aeruginosa strains were exposed in vitro over time to GLA, to arachidonic acid (AA) and to their combination in the presence or absence of vitamin E. AII acids were used at a 300 mu g/ml concentration, whereas vitamin E was added as an antioxidant. Lipid peroxidation was evaluated by the thiobarbiturate assay measuring malonodialdehyde (MDA) production. It was found that GLA or AA killed 5-10% of strains at 24 h of growth, whereas when applied in combination their effect involved 100% of strains at 24 h and was limited to 68% of strains in the presence of vitamin E (P < 0.01). MDA production was time-dependent and it was restrained by vitamin E (P < 0.01). Post acid exposure, 27% to 37% of the survived strains became resistant to diverse antimicrobial agents and mainly to ticarcillin, to ceftazidime and to amikacin; no strain developed resistance in the presence of vitamin E. It is concluded that GLA and AA interact bactericidally on P. aeruginosa isolates, inducing the development of strains resistant to beta-lactams and to aminoglycosides; their action might be mediated through their peroxides, Further research is necessary to establish the clinical application of these in vitro findings.
Clinical significance of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases; Cardiovascular diseases are one of the most important problems of modern medicine. They are associated with a large number of health care visits, hospitalizations and mortality. Prevention of atherosclerosis is one of the most effective strategies and should start as early as possible. Correction of lipid metabolism disorders is associated with definite clinical successes, both in primary prevention and in the prevention of complications of many cardiovascular diseases. A growing body of evidence suggests a multifaceted role for polyunsaturated fatty acids. They demonstrate a variety of functions in inflammation, both participating directly in a number of cellular processes and acting as a precursor for subsequent biosynthesis of lipid mediators. Extensive clinical data also support the importance of polyunsaturated fatty acids, but all questions have not been answered to date, indicating the need for further research.
The fatty acid composition of chylomicron remnants influences their propensity to oxidate; Background and Aim: Although the replacement of saturated with unsaturated dietary fat has been advocated as a means of reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease, diets high in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), may increase lipid peroxidation, thus contributing to the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. As the susceptibility of individual fatty acids to oxidation directly depends on their degree of unsaturation, and the oxidative modification of lipoproteins may be an important determinant of atherogenesis, the aim of this study was to evaluate the susceptibility to auto-oxidation and copper-mediated oxidation of chylomicron remnants (CMRs) enriched in n-3 or n-6 PUFA.
Redox signaling and antioxidant therapies in acute respiratory distress syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: No pharmacologic treatment that targets the pathophysiologic alterations of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) has proven effective. Previous studies have revealed overactive oxidative stress as a potential therapeutic target. Thus we conducted this systematic review to assess the efficacyof antioxidant therapy on the clinical outcomes of ARDS patients. Methods: We retrieved clinical trials from electronic databases. Articles and conference abstracts about antioxidant therapies for patients with ARDS were identified in which the overall effect of each antioxidant therapy on the mortality of ARDS patients was summarized. Results: We identified 18 relevant studies that met the inclusion criteria, including 899 patients in the experimental group and 870 patients in the control group. The pooled results indicated that most antioxidant therapies could not improve all-cause mortality and might even be harmful in ARDS patients at low risk of death. Conclusion: Unclassified patients could not benefit from the antioxidant therapies, and thus discretion must be exercised when using these therapies.
Lipid profile and antiproliferative activity of callus cultures of <i>Cereus peruvianus</i> Mill; Cereus peruvianus Mill. is a cactus species that belongs to the family Cactaceae, popularly known as "Mandacaru". It presents several pharmacological activities in popular medicine. Its extract is used to reduce total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels and consequently reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. It also has antineoplastic actions related to the presence of polyunsaturated fatty acids. The in vitro tissue culture of C. peruvianus occurs under controlled environmental conditions, is independent of climatic or soil changes, and is free from microorganism and insect contamination. These advantages make it a sustainable biotechnology alternative to achieve specific metabolites, such as fatty acids. Tissue culture lipids were extracted from maceration and separated into neutral lipids, glycolipids, and phospholipids by column chromatography. The analysis of these fractions by gas chromatography and H-1 and C-13 nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy showed that the cell cultures had high amounts of unsaturated fatty acids, such as omega-3, omega-6, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid. Biologic assays were used to investigate potential antitumor activity using the sulforhodamine B method, and we observed a 50% cytotoxic concentration of 250 mu g/ml. The results contribute to knowledge about the lipid profile and antitumor activity of callus cultures of C. peruvianus. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Avoiding Parenteral Nutrition associated Cholestasis in Short Bowel Syndrome might reduce the need of a combined hepatic-bowel transplantation; Intestinal rehabilitation can be reached in short bowel syndrome with a strategy that merges nutritional pharmacologic and surgical approaches. Long-term parenteral nutrition required for the adaptation process is associated with complications, most of which have received technical responses. Parenteral nutrition associated cholestasis and parenteral nutrition associated liver disease remain indeed the most worrisome complications and bear with them a high mortality rate. Virtually all patients who undergo combined liver and small-bowel transplantation suffer from end-stage liver disease, and a great many recipients of isolated intestinal transplantation also have some degree of liver dysfunction. This article will illustrates our experience on the role of n-3 fatty acids in the prevention and cure of liver dysfunction.
Pomegranate seed oil nanoemulsions for the prevention and treatment of neurodegenerative diseases: the case of genetic CJD; Neurodegenerative diseases generate the accumulation of specific misfolded proteins, such as PrPSc prions or A-beta in Alzheimer's diseases, and share common pathological features, like neuronal death and oxidative damage. To test whether reduced oxidation alters disease manifestation, we treated TgMHu2ME199K mice, modeling for genetic prion disease, with Nano-PSO, a nanodroplet formulation of pomegranate seed oil (PSO). PSO comprises large concentrations of a unique polyunsaturated fatty acid, Punicic acid, among the strongest natural antioxidants. Nano-PSO significantly delayed disease presentation when administered to asymptomatic TgMHu2ME199K mice and postponed disease aggravation in already sick mice. Analysis of brain samples revealed that Nano-PSO treatment did not decrease PrPSc accumulation, but rather reduced lipid oxidation and neuronal loss, indicating a strong neuroprotective effect. We propose that Nano-PSO and alike formulations may be both beneficial and safe enough to be administered for long years to subjects at risk or to those already affected by neurodegenerative conditions.
Nutrition and Healthy Ageing: Calorie Restriction or Polyphenol-Rich "MediterrAsian" Diet?; Diet plays an important role in mammalian health and the prevention of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease (CVD). Incidence of CVD is low in many parts of Asia (e.g., Japan) and the Mediterranean area (e.g., Italy, Spain, Greece, and Turkey). The Asian and the Mediterranean diets are rich in fruit and vegetables, thereby providing high amounts of plant bioactives including polyphenols, glucosinolates, and antioxidant vitamins. Furthermore, oily fish which is rich in omega-3 fatty acids is an important part of the Asian (e.g., Japanese) and also of the Mediterranean diets. There are specific plant bioactives which predominantly occur in the Mediterranean (e.g., resveratrol from red wine, hydroxytyrosol, and oleuropein from olive oil) and in the Asian diets (e.g., isoflavones from soybean and epigallocatechin gallate from green tea). Interestingly, when compared to calorie restriction which has been repeatedly shown to increase healthspan, these polyphenols activate similar molecular targets such as Sirt1. We suggest that a so-called "MediterrAsian" diet combining sirtuin-activating foods (= sirtfoods) of the Asian as well as Mediterranean diet may be a promising dietary strategy in preventing chronic diseases, thereby ensuring health and healthy ageing. Future (human) studies are needed which take the concept suggested here of the MediterrAsian diet into account.
Knowledge and barriers relating to fish consumption in older Australians; Among 854 Australians >= 51 years of age, this cross-sectional survey explored knowledge regarding finfish consumption, sources of information on fish and omega 3 fatty acids, what barriers limit finfish consumption and what factors predict its consumption. The survey consisted of a validated quantitative fish frequency questionnaire with additional questions on barriers and knowledge relating to finfish. Twelve percent of respondents consumed oily fish >= 2 times per week. Cost was the most frequently (37%) reported barrier for fresh finfish consumption. In multiple regression analysis, respondents' exposure to multiple sources of information (odds ratio (95% confidence interval): 1.135 (1.01, 1.28), who correctly identified the current recommendations for fish consumption; 1.87 (1.13, 3.07), agreed that fish improves general health; 3.57 (1.13, 11.30), and reported fewer barriers towards canned fish consumption; 0.59 (0.41, 0.84) were more likely to consume >= 2 servings of fresh finfish per week. Education and health programs need to be readily available highlighting current recommendations for fish consumption and how targets can be achieved. Meal plans with various finfish/seafood and amounts of omega 3 fatty acids required to achieve recommendations, and within a suitable budget, is likely to be an important strategy to target older consumers to increase consumption. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Excessive dietary linoleic acid promotes plasma accumulation of pronociceptive fatty acyl lipid mediators; Various fatty acyl lipid mediators are derived from dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and modulate nociception. The modern diet is rich in linoleic acid, which is associated with nociceptive hypersensitivities and may present a risk factor for developing pain conditions. Although recommendations about fatty acid intake exist for some diseases (e.g. cardiovascular disease), the role of dietary fatty acids in promoting pain disorders is not completely understood. To determine how dietary linoleic acid content influences the accumulation of pro- and anti-nociceptive fatty acyl lipid mediators, we created novel rodent diets using custom triglyceride blends rich in either linoleic acid or oleic acid. We quantified the fatty acyl lipidome in plasma of male and female rats fed these custom diets from the time of weaning through nine weeks of age. Dietary fatty acid composition determined circulating plasma fatty acyl lipidome content. Exposure to a diet rich in linoleic acid was associated with accumulation of linoleic and arachidonic acid-derived pro-nociceptive lipid mediators and reduction of anti-nociceptive lipid mediators derived from the omega-3 PUFAs. Our findings provide mechanistic insights into exaggerated nociceptive hypersensitivity associated with excessive dietary linoleic acid intake and highlight potential biomarkers for pain risk stratification.
Bioactive Compounds of the Mediterranean Diet as Nutritional Support to Fight Neurodegenerative Disease; Neurodegenerative disorders are a widespread cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, characterized by neuroinflammation, oxidative stress, and neuronal depletion. They include selective malfunction and progressive loss of neurons, glial cells, and neural networks in the brain and spinal cord. There is an urgent need to develop new and more effective therapeutic strategies to combat these devastating diseases because, today, there is no treatment that can cure degenerative diseases; however, we have many symptomatic treatments. Current nutritional approaches are beginning to reflect a fundamental change in our understanding of health. The Mediterranean diet may have a protective effect on the neurodegenerative process because it is rich in antioxidants, fiber, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. Increasing knowledge regarding the impact of diet on regulation at the genetic and molecular levels is changing the way we consider the role of nutrition, resulting in new dietary strategies. Natural products, thanks to their bioactive compounds, have recently undergone extensive exploration and study for their therapeutic potential for a variety of diseases. Targeting simultaneous multiple mechanisms of action and a neuroprotection approach with the diet could prevent cell death and restore function to damaged neurons. For these reasons, this review will be focused on the therapeutic potential of natural products and the associations between the Mediterranean-style diet (MD), neurodegenerative diseases, and markers and mechanisms of neurodegeneration.
Cardiovascular friendly natural products: a promising approach in the management of CVD; Natural products play an important role as nutritional supplements and provide potential health benefits in cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Compiling data from experimental, epidemiological and clinical studies indicates that dietary nutrients have profound cardioprotective effects in the primary as well as secondary prevention of coronary heart disease, hence they are considered as cardiovascular friendly natural products. The mechanism of cardioprotection produced by dietary nutritional supplements such as flavonoids (citrus fruits, pulses, red wine, tea and cocoa), olive oil, omega-3 (-3) fatty acids (fish oil and fish-based products), lycopene (tomato and tomato-based products), resveratrol (grapes and red wine), coffee, and soy in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disorders have been discussed in the present review, with the emphasis of epidemiological and clinical studies. Based on the intriguing results of various studies, prophylactic and therapeutic potential of cardiovascular friendly natural products have been suggested. The supplementation of cardiovascular friendly natural products needs to be considered in all populations who have high prevalence of CVD.
Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn: Pathophysiological Mechanisms and Novel Therapeutic Approaches; Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) is one of the main causes of neonatal morbidity and mortality. It is characterized by sustained elevation of pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR), preventing an increase in pulmonary blood flow after birth. The affected neonates fail to establish blood oxygenation, precipitating severe respiratory distress, hypoxemia, and eventually death. Inhaled nitric oxide (iNO), the only approved pulmonary vasodilator for PPHN, constitutes, alongside supportive therapy, the basis of its treatment. However, nearly 40% of infants are iNO resistant. The cornerstones of increased PVR in PPHN are pulmonary vasoconstriction and vascular remodeling. A better understanding of PPHN pathophysiology may enlighten targeted and more effective therapies. Sildenafil, prostaglandins, milrinone, and bosentan, acting as vasodilators, besides glucocorticoids, playing a role on reducing inflammation, have all shown potential beneficial effects on newborns with PPHN. Furthermore, experimental evidence in PPHN animal models supports prospective use of emergent therapies, such as soluble guanylyl cyclase (sGC) activators/stimulators,l-citrulline, Rho-kinase inhibitors, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma) agonists, recombinant superoxide dismutase (rhSOD), tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) analogs, omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs), 5-HT2A receptor antagonists, and recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor (rhVEGF). This review focuses on current knowledge on alternative and novel pathways involved in PPHN pathogenesis, as well as recent progress regarding experimental and clinical evidence on potential therapeutic approaches for PPHN.
